 set out in Part IV (Risk Factors relating to the Proposal) and to the additional information set out in Part VIII (Additional Information) of this Circular. You are advised to read the whole of this Circular and not just rely on the key summarised information in this letter. GENERAL MEETING AND ACTION TO BE TAKEN This Circular sets out the proposed terms of the Proposal, including the background to and reasons for the Demerger, the Melrose Share Consolidation and the Incentive Adjustments. It also explains why your Board considers the Proposal to be in the best interests of Melrose and its Shareholders as a whole. A notice convening the General Meeting to be held at Investec Bank plc, 30 Gresham St, London EC2V 7QN at 10:00 a.m. on 30 March 2023 for this purpose is set out at the end of this Circular. Due to the collective size of the Dowlais Businesses, the Demerger is a “Class 1” transaction under the Listing Rules and therefore, together with the rest of the Proposal, is subject to approval by Shareholders pursuant to the Resolution. Shareholders are reminded that voting is on a poll, and votes may be cast by proxy who may be appointed ahead of the meeting to ensure your vote is counted (as detailed in the explanatory notes starting on page 94). I strongly encourage Shareholders to make use of proxies to exercise their voting rights. Details of the Proposal, including the Demerger, the Melrose Share Consolidation and the Incentive Adjustments are further described in Part II (Information on the Proposal) and Part VII (Proposed Melrose Incentive Adjustments) of this Circular. DIRECTORS’ RECOMMENDATION The Demerger represents an exciting change for Melrose and its Shareholders, to accelerate unlocking the potential in both the Dowlais Businesses and Melrose and to deliver further value for Shareholders. In the Board’s opinion the Proposal is in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole. Accordingly, the Board considers that the Resolution set out in the Notice of General Meeting is likely to promote the success of the Company and is in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a 13 whole. The Board recommends that you vote in favour of the Resolution at the General Meeting and, subject to the below, each of the Directors intends to vote accordingly with the Shares they hold. In making this recommendation, the Board has received financial advice in respect of the Proposal from Rothschild & Co, JP Morgan and Citigroup. In providing their advice, Rothschild & Co, JP Morgan and Citigroup have placed reliance on the Board’s commercial assessment of the Proposal. In accordance with best practice corporate governance, the Executive Directors (who participate in the MESP) have not taken part in the Board’s consideration of the Incentive Adjustments and, as interested parties, along with their respective associates, will not vote on the Resolution, but are fully supportive of the Proposal as a whole. Yours faithfully Justin Dowley Non-Executive Chairman 14 PART II INFORMATION ON THE PROPOSAL 1. OVERVIEW OF THE PROPOSAL It is proposed that the demerger of the GKN Automotive, GKN Powder Metallurgy and GKN Hydrogen businesses from the Melrose Group will be effected by an interim in specie distribution of 97 per cent. of the Dowlais Shares to Shareholders. The remaining three per cent. of the Dowlais Shares will be retained by Melrose (i) for use in connection with the MASP; and (ii) to cover costs, including those relating to the performance and provision of services by the Melrose Group to the Dowlais Group under the Transitional Services Agreement, as well as other costs. For further details on the Transitional Services Agreement, see Section 9.1(D) (Transitional Services Agreement) of Part VIII (Additional Information). Recognising that the Demerger involves the extraction of the Dowlais Businesses from the Melrose Group, which account for a significant proportion of the Melrose market capitalisation, it is necessary to undertake the Melrose Share Consolidation in order to enable the post-Demerger share price of both Melrose and Dowlais to initiate at sensible levels. Shareholders will receive one New Melrose Share for every three Existing Melrose Shares held at the Consolidation Record Time. Individual fractional entitlements to the New Melrose Shares will be aggregated and the resulting New Melrose Shares sold in the open market. The net proceeds (which are expected to be less than £5.00 per holding) will be consolidated and donated to a charity chosen by the Board. Shareholders will each continue to hold the same proportion of the Melrose Group both before and after the Melrose Share Consolidation, save for fractional entitlements. If the Demerger proceeds, Qualifying Shareholders (being Shareholders who are registered on the Melrose Share Register at the Demerger Record Time) will receive: One Dowlais Share for every one New Melrose Share they hold at the Demerger Record Time Shareholders will continue to own their Melrose Shares unless they sell or transfer them in the usual course. Following the Demerger, it is expected that the Dowlais Shares will have a premium listing on the Official List and be admitted to trading on the main market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange. The Demerger is expected to be completed on 20 April 2023, immediately prior to Dowlais Admission. It is expected that Dowlais Admission will become effective, and that dealings in Dowlais Shares will commence on the London Stock Exchange, at 8.00 a.m. on 20 April 2023. All the Dowlais Shares will rank pari passu in all respects, there being no conversion or exchange rights attaching to them, and all Dowlais Shares will have equal rights to participate in capital, dividend and profit distribution by Dowlais. Due to the collective size of the Dowlais Businesses, the Demerger is a “Class 1” transaction under the Listing Rules and is therefore subject to approval by Shareholders. The Melrose Share Consolidation and Incentive Adjustments also require approval by Shareholders and, together with the Demerger, they make up the Proposal. Shareholder Approval The Proposal is conditional upon, among other things, the approval of Shareholders under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, your approval of the Proposal is being sought at a General Meeting of the Company to be held at Investec Bank plc, 30 Gresham St, London EC2V 7QN on 30 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. A notice of the General Meeting setting out the Resolution to be considered at the General Meeting can be found at the end of this document. Details of the actions you need to take to vote on the Resolution can be found on page 94 and in the answer to question 4.5 in Part III (Questions and Answers on the Proposal). Details of the conditions to the Proposal and of the Demerger Agreement and related documents to effect the Proposal are set out in full in Section 2.1 of this Part II (Information on the Proposal) and Section 9 (Material Contracts) of Part VIII (Additional Information). 15 2. PRINCIPAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEMERGER The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Demerger Agreement. As set out in Section 15 (Documents Available for Inspection) of Part VIII (Additional Information), the Demerger Agreement is available for inspection by Shareholders. 2.1 Demerger Agreement Dowlais and Melrose entered into a demerger agreement on 2 March 2023 (the “Demerger Agreement”) to effect the Demerger and to govern aspects of the relationship between Dowlais and Melrose following Completion. The Demerger Agreement is conditional on (among other things): (a) the passing of the Resolution by Shareholders at the General Meeting; (b) approval of the Demerger Distribution by the Board; (c) the FCA having acknowledged to Dowlais or its agent (and such acknowledgement not having been withdrawn) that the application for admission of the Dowlais Shares to the premium listing segment of the Official List: (i) has been approved; and (ii) will become effective as soon as a dealing notice has been issued by the FCA and any listing conditions have been satisfied; and (d) the London Stock Exchange having acknowledged to Dowlais or its agent (and such acknowledgement not having been withdrawn) that the Dowlais Shares will be admitted to trading on its main market for listed securities. Melrose has the right in its absolute discretion by notice to Dowlais at any time prior to Completion to terminate the Demerger Agreement in connection with an abandonment of the Proposal. The Demerger Agreement contains certain customary mutual reimbursement obligations under which Melrose undertakes to reimburse Dowlais and Dowlais undertakes to reimburse Melrose in respect of liabilities, losses, demands, claims, costs and damages arising, directly or indirectly, from or in consequence of certain claims. The Demerger Agreement also sets out how (i) guarantees given by the Melrose Group for the benefit of companies in the Dowlais Group (or vice versa), (ii) contractual arrangements with third parties (to the extent not dealt with by other material contracts), and (iii) assets owned or possessed by the Melrose Group which were used by the Dowlais Group, exclusively or otherwise (or vice versa), will be dealt with following the Demerger. 3. INFORMATION ON THE CONTINUING MELROSE GROUP BUSINESS AND THE DOWLAIS BUSINESSES 3.1 The Continuing Melrose Group business Following the Demerger, the Melrose Group will comprise solely the GKN Aerospace business, a world- leading multi-technology manufacturer of airframe and engine structures and electrical interconnection systems for the global aerospace industry, across both civil and defence platforms, including a high-margin Engines division with enviable risk and revenue sharing partnership interests in the world’s leading engines platforms. GKN Aerospace comprises three key businesses: • Engines—Designing engines and manufacturing critical structural and rotating parts for engines and providing aftermarket, repair and overhaul services to engine OEMs; • Civil Airframe—Producing lightweight critical structures, including wing, fuselage and empennage structures, front and cabin windows and electrical distribution systems for all of the key global civil OEMs; and • Defence—Producing composite and metallic structures, electrical distribution systems, landing gear and canopies for defence OEMs. GKN Aerospace is a leading Tier 1 supplier to the aerospace industry, serving a strong and diverse portfolio of blue-chip customers, including the major aircraft and engine manufacturers, with technology content on over 90 per cent. of all commercial aircraft with more than a 100-person capacity. 16 GKN Aerospace is a truly global business, with 38 manufacturing facilities, four technology and innovation centres and over 14,000 employees. Approximately two thirds of production is focused in Europe with the remaining one third in North America. The Melrose Board believes that the GKN Aerospace business will continue to deliver on its potential, underpinned by the following key strengths: Upgraded adjusted operating margin target to over 14 per cent. Management believe that Melrose’s transformation of GKN Aerospace will continue at pace and substantially deliver in 2023. GKN Aerospace has a clear path to grow operating margin to over 14 per cent. on a full market recovery, through a well-defined “One Aerospace” transformational dual strategy, consisting of further business improvement plans and volume recovery. Accelerated progress is being made on restructuring with projects under way and heading towards substantial completion in 2023. Leading Tier 1 supplier in the aerospace industry with a highly resilient and sustainable position • Leading Engines business with enviable shares on leading platforms including strategic risk and revenue sharing partnerships. • Product on over 90 per cent. of all commercial aircraft with more than a 100-person capacity, featuring entrenched customer relationships. • 95 per cent. of revenue from industry-leading positions (#1, #2 or #3). • For over 70 per cent. of its revenue, GKN Aerospace is the single-source supplier, providing excellent long-term visibility. • Excellent technology portfolio focused on sustainability, taking a leadership position on the path to zero emissions for the aviation industry. Well positioned for market recovery and growth • Management expect a blended revenue CAGR of 7 per cent. to 2030. • Management expect aftermarket sales to rise to 49 per cent. of the Engines business by 2030. • GKN Aerospace is well invested to capture growth from China, which is expected to be one of the main end markets for aviation. Growing aftermarket business GKN Aerospace predominantly serves the aerospace OEMs market, which represents 90 per cent. of 2022 revenue, with the remaining 10 per cent. contributed through the aftermarket. Exposure to the aftermarket is targeted at over 50 per cent. of sales of the Engines business and over 20 per cent. of total revenue, each by 2030. Strong, long-term cash generation GKN Aerospace participates in 19 risk and revenue sharing partnerships across different engine OEMs, 17 of which are currently in the lucrative cash generating phase. The expected lifetime cash inflow on these risk and revenue sharing partnerships is approximately £18.5 billion. Experienced leadership and management team GKN Aerospace is run by an experienced leadership and management team, led by David Paja, Chief Executive of GKN Aerospace, and supported by best-in-class business line presidents and functional leaders, each with an average of at least 25 years of experience in the aerospace sector. Strategy The key elements of GKN Aerospace’s strategy include: • Within the Engines business line: Continuing its focus on its strong risk and revenue sharing partnerships portfolio to secure key positions on any upcoming next-generation single aisle engines, whilst proactively expanding its engine and parts repair offering, and introducing increasingly complex additive manufacturing to create further value. Commercially, the Engines business will seek to bolster its 17 strategic relationships with key engines manufacturers and, where appropriate, government customers such as the Swedish Ministry of Defence and Air Force. • Within the Civil Airframe business line: Optimising its footprint and strengthening its production capacity to meet the demands of the accelerating ramp-up in civil aviation production schedules, particularly in narrow body aircraft. It will consolidate its footprint in China via its joint venture partnership, focused on domestic production, with a view to satisfying increasing market demand. As a technology leader in the aviation sector, it will continue to pursue opportunities from the electric aircraft market through support of multiple electric aircraft customers across the US, the UK and Europe. • Within the Defence business line: Refocusing on design-to-build with the aim of substantially expanding the design-to-build rate, unlocking future value by optimising footprint, executing planned programmes to create a more focused and efficient defence business, and aligning the portfolio and core competencies to future markets. Current trading and prospects for the Continuing Melrose Group business In the year ended 31 December 2022, GKN Aerospace generated adjusted revenue of £2,957 million, adjusted operating profit of £186 million and adjusted operating margin of 6.3 per cent. As at 31 December 2022, GKN Aerospace had total assets of £6,692 million. GKN Aerospace is experiencing continued strong momentum and market recovery with 11 per cent. sales increase in 2022 (based on like-for-like growth calculated at constant currency against 2021 results) and an increasingly positive outlook into 2023 and beyond. In the year ended 31 December 2022, 19 per cent. of sales by manufacturing country of origin were in the United Kingdom, 44 per cent. were elsewhere in Europe, 33 per cent. were in North America, and the remaining 4 per cent. were in China and other parts of Asia. The recovery in the aerospace sector is well under way. Demand is very robust, despite some sector supply challenges, with a blended market forecast growth rate of over 15 per cent. for 2023. The excellent Engines business, in particular, continues to outperform and is very well positioned to benefit from the recovery of the aerospace industry. Supported by pent up demand in civil aviation and increases in defence budgets, double digit revenue growth is expected again this year. GKN Aerospace remains well-placed to support near and medium-term volume ramp-ups, while continuing to execute on its longer-term growth and productivity initiatives. GKN Aerospace is fully committed to offsetting inflationary pressures and managing supply chain issues. The coming years are expected to deliver significant profit and cash generation from its best in class Engines platforms. Looking further ahead, GKN Aerospace’s technology investment and expertise will enable it to become a leader in the sustainable transformation of civil aviation, creating market opportunities and profitable growth for years to come. 3.2 The Dowlais Businesses The Dowlais Businesses will include three businesses: GKN Automotive, GKN Powder Metallurgy and the early-stage growth business GKN Hydrogen. GKN Automotive and GKN Powder Metallurgy operate entirely or primarily in the automotive sector while, GKN Hydrogen is a business grown organically out of GKN Powder Metallurgy with exciting prospects. These businesses have benefitted from investment and improvements under Melrose ownership that have put them at the forefront of technology leadership and on the path to market-leading operating margins as the automotive sector recovery continues. Separation into an independent platform with an independent board places Dowlais in a better position to create further value for its shareholders as it executes a three-pillar strategy for delivering attractive shareholder returns. First, to deliver higher adjusted operating margins by building on the investment, cost base and operational improvements already achieved by GKN Automotive and GKN Powder Metallurgy during Melrose ownership, which are expected to be further fuelled by the automotive sector’s anticipated recovery in production volumes to pre-pandemic levels. Second, to capture further profitable growth opportunities from the automotive sector’s shift to electrification. Third, to seek new, value-accretive merger and acquisition opportunities by way of automotive sector consolidation opportunities and strategic bolt-on acquisitions. Dowlais has committed to consider its future ownership of GKN Powder Metallurgy. 18 GKN Automotive GKN Automotive is the global market leader in automotive drive systems and the trusted partner for over 90 per cent. of automotive Global OEMs. Under Melrose ownership, it has transformed its commercial strategy and restructured its cost base to position it to achieve significant margin expansion. Its leading and largely propulsion-agnostic core product portfolio is already well positioned to benefit from the growth potential offered by electrification and it is primed for further success under Dowlais to create more shareholder value. The business has been transformed under Melrose ownership GKN Automotive’s commercial strategy has been overhauled and its cost base has been transformed for margin expansion, with a headcount reduction of approximately 3,000 full-time employees from operations and selling, general and administrative expenses, representing approximately 12 per cent. of the 2019 total full-time equivalents for the business. It has also reduced trade net working capital by more than £170 million and has generated £1.4 billion in pre-capital expenditure cash flow since 2019. Clear structural growth in core business, regardless of powertrain mix, and technological leadership Leveraging both its core Driveline products and all wheel drive (“AWD”) products, GKN Automotive is well positioned with its ability to supply the automotive industry at every stage of the EV transition. This market leadership in both powertrain-agnostic and battery electric vehicle (“BEV”), mild and full hybrid vehicle (BEVs along with mild and full hybrid vehicles, “xEVs”) products therefore positions Dowlais to continue to grow at a healthy rate, gaining content per vehicle in growing automotive markets. Dowlais’s strong track record of innovation and technological progress is expected to continue to be a key driver of further growth. GKN Automotive has had decades of product technology leadership which has culminated in its sideshaft and AWD system pre-eminence. A driving force in the electrification of the automotive industry; well-positioned to capture incremental growth from electrification GKN Automotive helped to pioneer the development and industrialisation of electric axle drives for use in plug-in hybrid and pure EVs, and is now a leader in the electrification of the automotive parts industry. Heritage AWD expertise, including industry-leading high efficiency transmission systems, lends both an advantage in the development of, and flexibility across the full range of, components and systems, including software development and system integration. The Dowlais Group already has relationships with all the key pure-play EV OEMs, and there is GKN Automotive eDrive content on over 2 million xEVs. Alongside Dowlais’s xEV product offering, Dowlais’s management have devised a clear strategy to position the GKN Automotive business to benefit from the industry shift towards electrification so that the GKN Automotive offering is adapted to maximise value. Well-invested and strategically located global manufacturing footprint GKN Automotive operates 47 manufacturing sites across the Americas, Europe and Asia (including in its joint venture in China), and as a result is able to offer its full product range for OEMs in any region. This large global footprint and ability to both develop technology and manufacture products with consistent quality and delivery in every region is a key differentiator, enabling it to better serve customers who are regionalising their own supply chains as well as to win new business. GKN Automotive has a particularly strong presence in Asia, with over 30 years of experience in the market, having been, in 1988, the first automotive supplier to establish a joint venture in China, the world’s largest automotive market. GKN Automotive has rebalanced its footprint since Melrose’s acquisition, closing seven factories in order to increase its use of best-cost manufacturing locations and better balance customer proximity against cost efficiency. A well-balanced customer mix GKN Automotive has developed longstanding relationships across a diversified blue-chip customer base. The business works closely with 90 per cent. of Global OEMs, and no customer represented more than 14 per cent. of GKN Automotive’s 2022 revenues. The global leader in automotive drive systems GKN Automotive is a global market leader in automotive drive systems, and its components are present on 50 per cent. of individual nameplates of Global OEMs. The business’s drive system business features 19 sideshafts, propshafts and constant velocity joints for passenger vehicles. GKN Automotive also produces AWD systems and eDrive systems, providing a full range from modular, component solutions to full systems, including control software to help automotive OEMs optimise mass, efficiency and performance. GKN Automotive has a comprehensive drive system portfolio. Having secured nearly twice the market share of its nearest competitor in sideshafts and with a portfolio of sideshafts including more than 100 joint types and sizes, GKN Automotive has the ability to cater to any passenger or light commercial vehicle. Through its eDrive business, GKN Automotive provides a fully comprehensive offering of components and integrated eDrive systems for hybrid and EVs. GKN Automotive management expect eDrive to experience strong growth as the global automotive market transitions to EVs, lifting the contribution to revenue of GKN Automotive’s incremental, EV-focused products. Through decades of supplying automotive OEMs, GKN Automotive has developed longstanding relationships across a diversified blue-chip customer base. Skilled management team on track to deliver an over 10 per cent. adjusted operating margin with substantial potential to increase its operating profit upon a market recovery GKN Automotive is led by an experienced management team which has successfully driven significant operational improvements across the business under Melrose ownership. The internal work to transform GKN Automotive to achieve its adjusted operating margin target of 10 per cent. is complete, while the resultant run- rate benefits are yet to be fully realised due to the impact of supply chain disruptions experienced in recent years and pending the expected market recovery. In addition, further internal improvement and restructuring actions are under way with a view to generating adjusted operating margins of over 10 per cent. upon their completion and the expected market recovery. GKN Powder Metallurgy A leading global supplier of powder metals and precision powder metal parts GKN Powder Metallurgy is a high-quality, market-leading supplier in powder metallurgy, being the number one global supplier of sintered metal products by revenue, with a production rate of 10 million parts per day, and is the number two global supplier of metal powders by revenue, with a production rate of 250,000 tons of powder per annum, according to management estimates. GKN Powder Metallurgy offers customers vertically integrated production capabilities that are unique among its competitors with a global presence, including iron powder, parts in sintered metal, metal injection moulding, special filters and additive manufacturing, both in metal and polymers. GKN Powder Metallurgy has longstanding, well entrenched and strong relationships with a broad blue-chip customer base in the automotive sector (including both automotive OEM and automotive supply chain manufacturers) and the industrial sector. Within the automotive sector, GKN Powder Metallurgy produces core products of sintered metal parts, which already feature on internal combustion engine (“ICE”) vehicles and largely transfer to xEVs, and intends to pursue incremental long-term growth opportunities which are not fitted on ICE vehicles such as magnets, which are integral to electric motors. Core expansion of product platform, fuelled by global technology excellence and transformation under Melrose ownership GKN Powder Metallurgy is utilising its strong market position and technological strengths to continually expand its product platform. GKN Powder Metallurgy’s strong relationships with customers span over 20 years on average. While under Melrose ownership, GKN Powder Metallurgy built on its leadership position to drive growth, remaining focussed on its core businesses such as sintered metal products on ICE vehicles and increasingly xEVs, and intends to expand into incremental, long-term growth opportunities such as magnets for xEVs, all while exercising commercial discipline. Well-invested global manufacturing footprint that is strategically located to best serve its customers GKN Powder Metallurgy operates 27 manufacturing sites and two global technology centres, located strategically across the Americas, Europe and Asia. The business’ proximity to customers is optimised through this global presence, giving GKN Powder Metallurgy a strategic advantage versus competitors when competing to supply customers that operate globally. GKN Powder Metallurgy’s core operations have been streamlined by the divestment of a business in the United States and the closure of non-core plants in Canada and Germany, 20 driving efficient utilisation of facilities and cost optimisation. Similar to the GKN Automotive business, GKN Powder Metallurgy has a strong position in China, a key automotive and industrial end market. With over 16 years of experience in the region, GKN Powder Metallurgy serves both local customers and international customers. The business operates out of four production sites in China, three of which are wholly-owned GKN Powder Metallurgy sites and one of which is a joint venture site. GKN Powder Metallurgy has created a digital culture that drives continuous improvement and competitive advantage. Its manufacturing sites feature more than 1,800 connected machines and over 800 digital, connected measurement stations. Personalised action items direct employees to the next work topic in real time and on demand. Additionally, the business’s optical quality control utilises artificial intelligence machine learning. On track to deliver a 14 per cent. adjusted operating margin with substantial profit uplift potential upon a market recovery GKN Powder Metallurgy is led by a separate management team that has successfully driven significant operational improvements under Melrose ownership. The internal work to transform GKN Powder Metallurgy to achieve its adjusted operating margin target of 14 per cent. has been completed, with two thirds of the business already performing at that level. The business expects to enjoy full run-rate benefits as the end markets recover. GKN Hydrogen Growth opportunities in emerging green markets GKN Hydrogen is an early-stage growth business focused on developing and commercialising proprietary metal hydride technology to store and secure hydrogen in a safe, compact and green manner that can be used in a wide range of industrial and commercial applications. The business was grown organically out of GKN Powder Metallurgy to provide the focus necessary to successfully deliver on its commercialisation strategy. GKN Hydrogen’s modular products are positioned to benefit from the growth of renewable energy sources, with applications in micro grids and residential building, industry and transportation, power back-up, and in off-grid standalone energy storage. With safety requirements, sustainability, and flexibility of great importance to this expansion of energy storage, GKN Hydrogen’s technologies have the potential for rapid growth in their application as they provide reliable and secure hydrogen storage. Current trading and prospects for the Dowlais Businesses The Melrose Board believes that Dowlais has attractive prospects as an independently listed company and benefits from a strong financial position. Some of the main macroeconomic challenges experienced by the Dowlais Group in the year ended 31 December 2022, such as the volatility of the automotive supply chain and inflationary pressures, have continued to impact the financial performance of the Dowlais Group in the year ending 31 December 2023, although to a lower extent. Inflationary pressures have made a subtle shift in impact from predominantly commodities in the year ended 31 December 2022 to labour in the year ending 31 December 2023 (with the inflationary pressures on energy costs experiencing about similar levels of impact in both these periods). Global light vehicle production is forecast to increase by approximately three per cent. in the year ending 31 December 2023 compared to the year ended 31 December 2022, according to S&P Global (December 2022), which assumes a general easing of semiconductor availability shortages. This is largely driven by forecasted growth in Europe (approximately six per cent.) and North America (approximately five per cent.). Chinese automotive production levels have been significantly impacted so far in the year ending 31 December 2023, primarily due to a combination of the renewed outbreak of COVID-19 and the continuing impacts of the removal of purchase tax benefits that occurred at the end of the year ended 31 December 2022. Global electric vehicle penetration is also expected to increase in the year ending 31 December 2023, according to S&P Global (December 2022). The Dowlais Group is carefully positioning itself to benefit from this forecasted trend, as it has developed a largely propulsion agnostic product portfolio, with the additional benefit that BEVs offer a higher content value and technology differentiation opportunity for core products. GKN Automotive and GKN Powder Metallurgy delivered a strong operating performance in the year ended 31 December 2022 by offsetting inflationary cost pressures and delivering operating margin expansion with strong cash generation. Dowlais management expect GKN Automotive and GKN Powder Metallurgy to repeat this financial performance in 2023, taking further steps towards delivering the operating margin targets, and the 21 operating performance of GKN Automotive and GKN Powder Metallurgy so far in the year ending 31 December 2023 supports this view. 3.3 Dowlais corporate governance The Proposal will enable both Melrose and Dowlais to benefit from separate and independent boards of directors each focused on driving sustained operational performance and long term shareholder value creation. A new independent Dowlais Board has been designed and established to support the delivery and growth strategy for Dowlais, under the leadership of its Chair, Simon Mackenzie Smith. His appointment followed an extensive external search process with clear criteria on the leadership requirements. Simon has also been appointed as Chair of the Nomination Committee of Dowlais. Simon has a wealth of experience in corporate finance and M&A, following an investment banking career of over 35 years. Before retiring in 2021, he was Chair of Corporate and Investment Banking UK and Ireland at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Simon joined Merrill Lynch in 1996 from Morgan Grenfell. He has advised on some of the UK’s largest mergers and acquisitions including Royal Dutch Shell Plc’s $52 billion takeover of BG Group Plc in 2016. He qualified as a chartered accountant with KPMG in 1985. Simon currently serves as Chair of Trustees at the children’s mental health charity Place2Be, and he is a director of the restructuring and advisory business Interpath Limited and a number of other private companies. Liam Butterworth and Roberto Fioroni have been appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Dowlais Group respectively. They were previously the CEO and CFO of GKN Automotive, with Liam joining the business in 2018 and Roberto in 2019. To help ensure Dowlais is well-positioned to execute on the opportunities presented to it, Simon Peckham, Chief Executive of Melrose, and Geoffrey Martin, Group Finance Director of Melrose, have each been appointed as executive directors on the Dowlais Board. Both will also continue to perform their current roles at Melrose. A further five non-executive directors have been appointed to the Dowlais Board. Together, these appointments offer a strong blend of skills, functional and industry experience, diversity and continuity for Dowlais. Celia Baxter has been appointed as the Senior Independent Director of Dowlais and Chair of the Remuneration Committee and Philip Harrison has been appointed as a non-executive director of Dowlais and Chair of the Audit Committee. In accordance with the recommendations of the UK Corporate Governance Code, Celia has previously served on a remuneration committee for at least 12 months, and Philip has recent and relevant financial experience. Alexandra Innes, Fiona MacAulay, and Shali Vasudeva have each been appointed as independent non-executive directors of Dowlais and, together with the other members of the Dowlais Board, will form a skilled and experienced Board, overseeing a management team with a strong track record of developing and producing sustainable technology aligned to customer needs, delivering robust long term cash generation, and forging a clear pathway to achieving clear, ambitious target operating margins. 4. FINANCIAL EFFECTS OF THE DEMERGER The expected benefits of the Demerger are set out in Section 3 (Information on the Continuing Melrose Group business and the Dowlais Businesses) above. As at 31 December 2022, the Melrose Group had consolidated net assets of £7,168 million (extracted without adjustment from the 2022 Results Announcement). As at 31 December 2022, the Dowlais Group had consolidated net assets of £4,965 million (prepared on the basis set out in Part V (Financial information relating to the Dowlais Group)). The illustrative consolidated net assets of the Melrose Group as at 31 December 2022, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the pre-Demerger distribution, the Dowlais Group refinancing and transaction expenses, as though each of these transactions had taken place on 31 December 2022, would have been £3,887 million. See Part VI (Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information of the Continuing Melrose Group). The Melrose Group’s loss after tax from continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2022 was £223 million (extracted without adjustment from the 2022 Results Announcement). The Dowlais Group’s loss after tax for the year ended 31 December 2022 was £77 million (prepared on the basis set out in Part V (Financial information relating to the Dowlais Group)). On a pro forma basis, after giving effect to the pre- Demerger distribution, the Dowlais Group refinancing and transaction expenses, as though each of these 22 transactions had taken place on 1 January 2022, the profit after tax for the Melrose Group is expected to decrease. This pro forma financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and no adjustment has been made to reflect the trading results of the Dowlais Group since 31 December 2022 or any other changes in its financial position or results of operations for this period. Businesses under Melrose ownership are run on a decentralised basis, each with their own independent management teams. The Board therefore does not expect the Demerger to result in any material disruption to Dowlais, Melrose or GKN Aerospace. Furthermore, while additional costs will be incurred in running Dowlais as a standalone business, the Board does not expect these costs to be material at this time. The Dowlais Group expects to incur incremental annual costs of approximately £30 million (calculated on a full run-rate basis) in the medium term to operate as an independent listed company. Approximately £10 million of these estimated incremental annual costs represent central costs that were previously borne by the Melrose Group. These costs are expected to include, among others, central head office costs, costs in relation to the executive teams (treasury, tax, legal and compliance, company secretarial and communications) and costs in relation to sustainability measures and reporting. This estimate of incremental costs is net of estimated cost savings expected to be realised by the Dowlais Group each year in the medium term. The estimated total costs and expenses for the Melrose Group that are directly attributable to the Demerger are £70 million. 5. MELROSE SHARE CONSOLIDATION Recognising that the Demerger involves the extraction of the Dowlais Businesses from the Melrose Group, which account for a significant proportion of the Melrose market capitalisation, it is considered appropriate to undertake the Melrose Share Consolidation in order to enable the post-Demerger share price of both Melrose and Dowlais to initiate at sensible levels. To this effect, it is proposed that Melrose will consolidate its existing share capital in order to reduce the total number of shares in issue (while increasing the nominal value of such shares). The Melrose Share Consolidation is expected to take place following 6:00 p.m. on 19 April 2023. It is expected that admission and dealings in the New Melrose Shares on the London Stock Exchange (following the Melrose Share Consolidation and the Demerger) will commence at 8.00 a.m. on 20 April 2023. The Melrose Share Consolidation is conditional upon the approval by Shareholders of the Resolution at the General Meeting. The ratio for the Melrose Share Consolidation shall be one for three, such that Shareholders will receive one New Melrose Share in exchange for every three Existing Melrose Shares held at the Consolidation Record Time. Individual fractional entitlements to the New Melrose Shares will be aggregated and the resulting New Melrose Shares sold in the open market. The net proceeds (which are expected to be less than £5.00 per holding) will be consolidated and donated to a charity chosen by the Board. To effect the Melrose Share Consolidation, it will be necessary for the Company to issue two additional Existing Melrose Shares so that the number of the Company’s Existing Melrose Shares is exactly divisible by three. These two additional Existing Melrose Shares will be issued to Investec following close of trading on 19 April 2023 fully paid up in cash, at the closing middle-market price on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Existing Melrose Shares to be issued to Investec will result in fractional entitlements, and will therefore be treated in the same way as described in Section 6 below. The Consolidation Record Time will be at 6:00 p.m. on 19 April 2023. The Directors may change the Consolidation Record Time if they consider this to be in Shareholders’ interests. If this time or date does change, Melrose will give notice of the change by issuing an announcement through a Regulatory Information Service. The proportion of the issued ordinary share capital of Melrose held by each Shareholder following the Melrose Share Consolidation will, save for any impact from fractional entitlements, remain unchanged. Apart from having a different nominal value, each New Melrose Share will carry the same rights that attach to the Existing Melrose Shares prior to the Melrose Share Consolidation and all New Melrose Shares will rank pari passu in all respects. 23 6. FRACTIONAL ENTITLEMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MELROSE SHARE CONSOLIDATION Any holding of Existing Melrose Shares which is not exactly divisible by three will result in an entitlement to a fraction of a New Melrose Share. Entitlements to fractions of New Melrose Shares will be aggregated and the resulting New Melrose Shares sold in the open market. Net proceeds from the sale (which are expected to be less than £5.00 per holding) will be donated to a charity chosen by the Board. If a Shareholder holds fewer than three Existing Melrose Shares then, as a result of the Melrose Share Consolidation, such Shareholder will receive no New Melrose Shares and will no longer be a Shareholder. Consequently, such Shareholder shall not participate in the Demerger Distribution. 7. EFFECT OF THE MELROSE SHARE CONSOLIDATION For illustrative purposes, examples of how the Melrose Share Consolidation would affect Shareholders are set out below. A. B. Number of Existing Melrose Number of New Melrose C. Shares held at the Shares held after the Melrose Fractional entitlement to a Consolidation Record Time Share Consolidation New Melrose Share 1 0 ⅓ 2 0 ⅔ 100 33 ⅓ 125 41 ⅔ Although the number of Melrose Shares held by each Shareholder will be reduced, following the Melrose Share Consolidation each Shareholder will continue to own the same proportion of the issued share capital of the Company as immediately before the Melrose Share Consolidation, save for any impact from fractional entitlements. Individual fractional entitlements to the New Melrose Shares will be aggregated and the resulting New Melrose Shares sold in the open market. The net proceeds (which are expected to be less than £5.00 per holding) will be consolidated and donated to a charity chosen by the Board. 8. LISTING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Melrose Shares will continue to be listed on the premium listing segment of the Official List and will continue to be traded on the main market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange following the Demerger and the Melrose Share Consolidation. The Melrose Group will therefore continue to maintain a governance structure based on the UK Corporate Governance Code. The governance framework established by the Melrose Group, which includes the key mechanisms through which the Melrose Group sets its strategy, plans its objectives, monitors performance and considers risk management, will remain in place post-Demerger. Melrose will maintain the same Board committees following the Demerger. 9. LISTING, DEALINGS, SHARE CERTIFICATES AND CREST 9.1 Listing Applications will be made to the FCA for all of the Dowlais Shares and the New Melrose Shares to be admitted to the premium listing segment of the Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for the Dowlais Shares and the New Melrose Shares to be admitted to trading on its main market for listed securities. No application has been made for admission of Dowlais Shares or New Melrose Shares to trading on any other stock exchange (nor is it the current intention of Melrose or Dowlais to make any such application in the future). It is expected that admission of the Dowlais Shares will become effective and that dealings will commence at 8.00 a.m. on 20 April 2023. It is expected that admission of the New Melrose Shares will also become effective and that dealings will commence at 8.00 a.m. on 20 April 2023. On Dowlais Admission, the Dowlais Shares will be registered with ISIN number GB00BMWRZ071 and SEDOL number BMWRZ07. The current ISIN (GB00BNR5MZ78) in relation to Existing Melrose Shares will be disabled in CREST at 6:00 p.m. on 19 April 2023. The New Melrose Shares will be registered with ISIN number GB00BNGDN821 and SEDOL number BNGDN82 with effect from 8.00 a.m. on 20 April 2023. 24 9.2 Dealings The Demerger Record Time is 10:00 p.m. on 19 April 2023 (or such other time and date as the Directors (or any duly authorised committee of them) may decide). To be on the Melrose share register at the Demerger Record Time, transfers of Existing Melrose Shares in uncertificated form must take place by 6:00 p.m. on 19 April 2023 and transfers in certificated form must be received by the Registrar by 6:00 p.m. on 19 April 2023. 9.3 Share certificates and CREST accounts Share certificates in respect of Dowlais Shares are expected to be posted, at the risk of Shareholders, by 5 May 2023 to those Shareholders who, at the Demerger Record Time, hold their Melrose Shares in certificated form. Share certificates in respect of New Melrose Shares are expected to be posted, at the risk of Shareholders, by 5 May 2023 to those Shareholders who, at the Consolidation Record Time, hold their Melrose Shares in certificated form. Please note that share certificates in respect of any New Melrose Shares held by a Qualifying Shareholder who has been identified by the Registrar as having moved from their current address (a “Gone Away Shareholder”) will not be issued until the Gone Away Shareholder has contacted the Registrar. Temporary documents of title will not be issued. Pending despatch of the certificates, transfers of Dowlais Shares and New Melrose Shares will be certified against the register of members of Dowlais or Melrose (as applicable). Shareholders who, at the Demerger Record Time and the Consolidation Record Time, hold their Melrose Shares in uncertificated form through CREST will (subject to rounding down fractional entitlements) receive uncertificated Dowlais Shares and New Melrose Shares into the same CREST account on 20 April 2023. 9.4 CREST transformation of Melrose Share trades The settlement of any trades of Shareholders who hold their Melrose Shares in uncertificated form through CREST, which occur prior to the Melrose Share Consolidation Record Time and are not due to settle until after the Melrose Share Consolidation has been effected, may be delayed by up to one Business Day. This is beyond Melrose’s control and is to enable Euroclear to put in place arrangements to enable transformation of the relevant trades to take place. 10. PENSIONS Melrose The Melrose Group operates certain defined benefit plans in the UK for qualifying employees of certain subsidiaries. The most significant defined benefit plans in the Melrose Group are the GKN Group Pension Schemes (Numbers 1 and 4). The GKN Consolidated Pension Plan in the US was split into divisionally aligned independent plans effective 1 January 2023 and the Melrose plan is the GKN Aerospace Pension Plan, sponsored by GKN Aerospace, Inc. On 9 February 2023, the Trustees of the GKN Group Pension Scheme Number 4 signed a contract with a pension annuity provider to fully secure members’ benefits. After a period of data cleansing, this will result in a full buy-out of the scheme and therefore gross liabilities of £433 million leaving the Melrose Group balance sheet. The Melrose Group contributed £45 million to the scheme during February 2023 to facilitate this buy-out. All of the defined benefit pension plans are closed to new members and the UK and US plans are closed to future accrual. As at 31 December 2022, the GKN Group Pension Scheme Number 1 had a net deficit of £39 million, the GKN Group Pension Scheme Number 4 had a net surplus of £52 million (but will be bought- out, as described above). Other retirement benefit plans in the UK, US, Germany and Sweden had a combined net liability of £40 million. Dowlais The Dowlais Group operates certain defined benefit pension plans which benefit qualifying employees and former employees of certain subsidiaries. The most significant defined benefit plans in the Dowlais Group are the GKN Group Pension Schemes (Numbers 2 and 3) in the UK, the GKN Driveline Pension Plan and the GKN Sinter Metals Pension Plan in the US and the GKN defined benefit pension plans offered in Germany. 25 All of the defined benefit pension plans are closed to new members and the UK and US plans are closed to future accrual. As at 31 December 2022, the GKN Group Pension Schemes (Numbers 2 and 3) had a net surplus of £15 million on an accounting basis (after deducting post-retirement liabilities of £2 million), the GKN Driveline Pension Plan and the GKN Sinter Metals Pension Plan had an aggregate deficit of £54 million (after deducting post-retirement liabilities of £33 million) and the GKN defined benefit pension plans offered in Germany had an unfunded liability of £405 million. Smaller schemes in the rest of the world had a net liability of £17 million. In addition to the above, the Dowlais Group sponsors defined contribution plans for qualifying employees of certain subsidiaries in a number of jurisdictions including, but not limited to, Brazil, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Romania, Thailand, the UK and the US. 11. TAXATION Any discussion of taxation and related matters contained within this Circular does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to the Melrose Share Consolidation or the receipt of Dowlais Shares and, in particular, does not address the tax considerations in any jurisdiction not specifically covered below. Shareholders in jurisdictions outside of the United Kingdom or the United States should consult with their own legal and tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences in their particular circumstances under the relevant legislation and regulations. Certain United Kingdom (“UK”) Tax Considerations The following comments are intended only as a general guide to current UK tax law and what is understood to be the current published practice of HM Revenue and Customs (“HMRC”) as at the date of this Circular (both of which are subject to change at any time, possibly with retrospective effect). They relate only to certain limited aspects of the UK tax consequences of holding or disposing of Existing Melrose Shares and New Melrose Shares. Except where otherwise specifically stated, the comments below are intended to apply only to Shareholders: (i) who are resident (and, in the case of individuals, domiciled) in (and only in) the UK for UK tax purposes; (ii) to whom “split-year” treatment does not apply; (iii) who are and will be the absolute beneficial owners of their Existing Melrose Shares and New Melrose Shares and any dividends paid in respect of them; (iv) who hold, and will hold, their Existing Melrose Shares and New Melrose Shares as investments (otherwise than through an individual savings account or a pension arrangement) and not as securities to be realised in the course of a trade; and (v) to whom the UK tax rules concerning carried interest do not apply in relation to their holding or disposal of Existing Melrose Shares or New Melrose Shares. The comments below may not apply to certain Shareholders, such as (but not limited to) persons who are connected with the Company or Dowlais, dealers in securities, intermediaries, broker dealers, insurance companies, charities, collective investment schemes, pension schemes, Shareholders who are exempt from UK taxation and Shareholders who acquire or acquired (or are deemed to have acquired) their Melrose Shares by virtue of an office or employment. Such Shareholders may be subject to special rules. The material set out in the paragraphs below does not constitute tax advice. Shareholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position or who are subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the UK should consult an appropriate professional adviser. In particular, non-UK resident or domiciled persons are advised to consider the potential impact of any relevant double tax agreements. 11.1 Melrose Share Consolidation (UK taxation considerations) Subject to the below statements in respect of any fractional entitlements, Shareholders should not be treated, by virtue of the Melrose Share Consolidation, as having made a disposal or part disposal of their Existing Melrose Shares for the purposes of UK tax on chargeable gains. Rather, the New Melrose Shares held by Shareholders following the Melrose Share Consolidation should be treated as the same asset, and as having been acquired at the same time, as the Existing Melrose Shares held by such Shareholders immediately prior to the Melrose Share Consolidation. The aggregate base cost of the New Melrose Shares held by a Shareholder immediately following the Melrose Share Consolidation should be the same as the base cost of such Shareholder’s Existing Melrose Shares immediately prior to the Melrose Share Consolidation. Accordingly, Shareholders should not incur any liability to UK chargeable gains tax in respect of the Melrose Share Consolidation. 26 To the extent that a Shareholder receives cash, by virtue of a sale on their behalf of any New Melrose Shares to which they have a fractional entitlement, the Shareholder will not in practice normally be treated as making a part disposal of their holding of Existing Melrose Shares if the amount received is small in comparison with the value of that Shareholder’s Melrose Shares. Rather, the cash entitlement will be treated as reducing the relevant Shareholder’s base cost in the New Melrose Shares. HMRC have issued guidance which states that any cash payment of £3,000 or less or which is five per cent. or less of the value of the Shareholder’s new holding will generally be treated as “small” for these purposes. Shareholders may be treated as having made a disposal for the purposes of UK tax on chargeable gains in respect of any fractional entitlement if: (i) any cash entitlement is not “small”; (ii) any cash entitlement exceeds the relevant Shareholder’s base cost in the Existing Melrose Shares; and/or (iii) the Shareholder will not receive any New Melrose Shares as a result of the Melrose Share Consolidation. 11.2 Demerger (UK taxation considerations) Income The Company has applied to and received clearance from HMRC under section 1091 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010 (“CTA 2010”) that the distribution of the Dowlais Shares to Shareholders will qualify as an “exempt distribution” for the purposes of section 1075 CTA 2010 (the “Clearance”). Accordingly, Shareholders should not incur any liability to UK tax on income in respect of the receipt of their Dowlais Shares on the Demerger. Chargeable gains As HMRC has provided the Clearance, Shareholders should not be treated, by virtue of the receipt of Dowlais Shares on the Demerger, as having made a disposal or part disposal of their New Melrose Shares for the purposes of UK tax on chargeable gains. Rather, the Dowlais Shares distributed to Shareholders pursuant to the Demerger should be treated as the same asset, and as having been acquired at the same time, as the New Melrose Shares held by such Shareholders immediately prior to the Demerger. The aggregate base cost of the New Melrose Shares and Dowlais Shares held by a Shareholder immediately following the Demerger should be the same as the base cost of such Shareholder’s New Melrose Shares immediately prior to the Demerger, apportioned by reference to the market value of the New Melrose Shares and the Dowlais Shares immediately following the Demerger. Accordingly, Shareholders should not incur any liability to UK chargeable gains tax in respect of the Demerger. Liability to UK stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax Shareholders should not incur any liability to UK stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax as a result of the distribution to them of the Dowlais Shares pursuant to the Demerger. Certain United States (“US”) Federal Income Tax Considerations The following is a summary of certain US federal income tax considerations generally applicable to US Holders of Dowlais Shares as a result of the Demerger and the Melrose Share Consolidation. For the purposes of this summary, a “US Holder” is a beneficial owner of Melrose Shares that, following the Melrose Share Consolidation and the Demerger, will own Dowlais Shares that is, for US federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity that is treated as a corporation for US federal income tax purposes) created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, any state therein or the District of Columbia, or (iii) an estate or trust the income of which is subject to US federal income taxation regardless of its source. This summary is based on provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and regulations, rulings and judicial interpretations thereof, as well as the Convention between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and on Capital Gains (as amended by any subsequent protocols) (the “Treaty”), all as of the date hereof. Those authorities may be changed at any time, possibly with retroactive effect, so as to result in US federal income tax consequences different from those summarised below. This summary is limited to US federal income tax considerations relevant to US Holders that hold Melrose Shares and, following the Melrose Share Consolidation and the Demerger, will hold Dowlais Shares, as “capital assets” within the meaning of section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment). This 27 summary does not address particular tax consequences that may be applicable to US Holders subject to special tax rules such as banks, brokers or dealers in securities or currencies, traders in securities electing to mark to market, financial institutions, life insurance companies, tax-exempt entities, regulated investment companies, persons who actually or constructively own five per cent. or more of Melrose Shares, by vote or value, or who will hold five per cent. or more of Dowlais Shares, by vote or value, persons holding Melrose Shares, or will hold Dowlais Shares, as part of a hedging or conversion transaction or a straddle, or persons whose functional currency is not US dollars. In addition, this summary is applicable only to US Holders (i) that are residents of the United States for the purposes of the Treaty, (ii) whose shares are not, for the purposes of the Treaty, effectively connected with a permanent establishment in the United Kingdom and (iii) who otherwise qualify for the full benefits of the Treaty. Moreover, this summary does not address state, local or non-US taxes, US federal estate and gift taxes, Medicare contribution tax applicable to net investment income of certain non-corporate US Holders, or alternative minimum tax consequences of acquiring, holding or disposing of Melrose Shares or Dowlais Shares. If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for US federal income tax purposes) holds Melrose Shares or will hold Dowlais Shares, the tax treatment of such partnership and its partners will generally depend on the status of the partners and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships that hold any Melrose Shares, or that will hold Dowlais Shares, and their partners should consult their tax advisers as to the particular US federal income tax consequences of the Melrose Share Consolidation and the Demerger. The Dowlais Prospectus contains a discussion of certain US federal income tax consequences of holding and disposing of Dowlais Shares. The Company has not sought and does not intend to seek any ruling from the US Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) regarding any aspect of the Demerger or the Melrose Share Consolidation. There can be no assurance that the IRS will not take positions that are inconsistent with those discussed below or that any such positions, if challenged, would not be sustained by a court. The summary of US federal income tax consequences set out below is for general information only and does not purport to be a comprehensive analysis or description of all potential US federal income tax consequences of the Demerger or the Melrose Share Consolidation. You should consult your own tax advisers about the consequences to you of the Demerger and the Melrose Share Consolidation including the relevance to your particular situation of the considerations discussed below and any consequences arising under federal, state, local, or non-US tax laws. 11.3 Melrose Share Consolidation (US taxation considerations) The Company believes that the exchange of New Melrose Shares for Existing Melrose Shares pursuant to the Melrose Share Consolidation should be treated as a tax-free exchange under section 368(a)(1)(E) and/or section 1036 of the Code. Assuming the exchange qualifies for such tax-free treatment, a US Holder receiving New Melrose Shares generally (i) will not recognise any gain or loss upon the receipt of New Melrose Shares and (ii) whose adjusted basis and holding period in its New Melrose Shares should be the same as its adjusted basis and holding period in the Existing Melrose Shares exchanged therefor. 11.4 Demerger (US taxation considerations) The rules for determining whether a transaction such as the Demerger qualifies for tax-free treatment for US federal income tax purposes are complex and such determination would depend on all relevant facts and circumstances. Although no assurance can be given, the Company believes the Demerger should qualify as a tax-free reorganisation under section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code and/or a tax-free distribution under section 355 of the Code (a “Tax-Free Distribution”). Neither the Company nor Dowlais has sought or obtained a ruling from the IRS, or requested or received an opinion of US federal income tax counsel, that the Demerger qualifies as a Tax-Free Distribution. Assuming that the Demerger qualifies as a Tax-Free Distribution, the following US federal income tax consequences will generally apply to a US Holder receiving Dowlais Shares in the Demerger: • The US Holder will not recognise income, gain or loss on the receipt of Dowlais Shares in the Demerger. • The aggregate adjusted tax basis in the New Melrose Shares (received in the Melrose Share Consolidation, as described above) and Dowlais Shares held by the US Holder immediately after the Demerger will be the same as the adjusted tax basis in the New Melrose Shares held by such US Holder immediately before the Demerger, allocated between such New Melrose Shares and Dowlais Shares in proportion to their relative fair market values. 28 • The holding period of the Dowlais Shares received in the Demerger will include the holding period of the New Melrose Shares (and, by extension, the Existing Melrose Shares) with respect to which such Dowlais Shares were received. If a US Holder acquired different blocks of Melrose Shares at different times and/or at different prices, the tax basis and holding period rules described in the second and third bullets above must be applied separately to each identifiable block of Melrose Shares. Such US Holder should consult its tax adviser regarding the allocation of its adjusted tax basis in, and the holding period of, the Dowlais Shares received with respect to any such block of Melrose Shares. If the Demerger does not qualify as a Tax-Free Distribution, then a US Holder will be treated as receiving a taxable distribution with respect to the Melrose Shares on the day of Completion. Assuming the Company is not and has not been a passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) in the current taxable year or any prior year, a US Holder generally will be required to include in gross income as a dividend an amount equal to the fair market value of the Dowlais Shares (determined at the time of the Demerger) received in the Demerger to the extent the Company has sufficient current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under US federal income tax principles). If the amount of such distribution exceeds the Company’s earnings and profits, the excess generally will first be applied against and reduce the US Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its Melrose Shares (but not below zero) and, to the extent in excess of such basis, will be treated as a gain from the sale or exchange of such Melrose Shares. The Company does not currently determine its earnings and profits in accordance with US federal income tax principles. Therefore, US Holders should expect that the entire distribution of Dowlais Shares will generally be reported as a dividend for US federal income tax purposes. Such dividend will be taxable to a corporate US Holder at regular corporate tax rates and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to domestic corporations in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations. Subject to applicable limitations (including a minimum holding period requirement), dividends received by a non-corporate US Holder from a qualified foreign corporation may be treated as “qualified dividend income” that is subject to reduced rates of taxation. A qualified foreign corporation includes a foreign corporation that is eligible for the benefits of a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United States which the United States Treasury Department determines to be satisfactory for these purposes and which includes an exchange of information provision. The United States Treasury Department has determined that the Treaty meets these requirements, and the Company believes it is eligible for the benefits of the Treaty. Thus, the Company believes that the dividends paid in respect of the Melrose Shares in the Demerger will potentially be eligible for these reduced tax rates. The dividends would generally be treated as income from sources outside the United States for foreign tax credit purposes. US Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the application of these rules to their particular circumstances. Based on the past and projected composition of the Company’s income and assets, and the valuation of its assets, including goodwill, the Company does not believe it was a PFIC for its most recent taxable year or any prior year, and does not expect to become a PFIC in the current taxable year, although there can be no assurance in this regard. If, contrary to its self-determination, the Company is or has been a PFIC in any year, the US federal income tax consequences of any distribution with respect to Melrose Shares could be materially different, and possibly adverse to US Holders, compared to those described herein. US Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the PFIC rules and the particular tax consequences to them. 12. OVERSEAS SHAREHOLDERS The implications of the Proposal for Overseas Shareholders may be affected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are resident or otherwise located. Overseas Shareholders should inform themselves about and observe all applicable legal requirements. It is the responsibility of any person into whose possession this document comes to satisfy themselves as to the full observance of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction in connection with the Proposal, including the obtaining of any governmental, exchange control or other consents which may be required and/or compliance with other necessary formalities which are required to be observed and the payment of any taxes or levies due in such jurisdiction. 13. GENERAL MEETING AND ACTION TO BE TAKEN A notice convening the General Meeting to be held at Investec Bank plc, 30 Gresham St, London EC2V 7QN at 10:00 a.m. on 30 March 2023 for the purpose of seeking Shareholder approval for the Resolution is set out at the end of this Circular. 29 Shareholders are reminded that voting is on a poll, and votes may be cast by proxy who may be appointed ahead of the meeting to ensure your vote is counted (as detailed in the explanatory notes starting on page 94). Shareholders are strongly encouraged to make use of proxies to exercise their voting rights. If you receive hard copy documents, you will find enclosed with this document a Form of Proxy for use in respect of the Resolution to be proposed at the General Meeting. You are requested to complete the Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on it, and return it as soon as possible, but in any event so as to be received by Equiniti, at Equiniti, Aspect House, Spencer Road, Lancing, West Sussex BN99 6DA, no later than 10:00 a.m. on 28 March 2023. Shareholders who receive an email broadcast will be directed to this Circular on the Company’s website at www.melroseplc.net. You may alternatively register your vote online by visiting Equiniti’s website at www.sharevote.co.uk. In order to register your vote online, you will need to enter the Voting ID, Task ID and your Shareholder Reference Number which are all set out on the enclosed Form of Proxy, and you will need to ensure that your vote is registered online no later than 10:00 a.m. on 28 March 2023. If you are an institutional investor, you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via Proxymity, a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity, please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by 10:00 a.m. on 28 March 2023 in order to be considered valid. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity’s associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. If you hold your Melrose Shares in CREST, and you wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service, you may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available via www.euroclear.com). In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid, the appropriate CREST Proxy Instruction must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear’s specifications, and must contain the information required for such instruction, as described in the CREST Manual. The message, regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or is an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must, in order to be valid, be transmitted so as to be received by Equiniti, ID RA19, no later than 10:00 a.m. on 28 March 2023. The return of a completed Form of Proxy, the registration of your vote online or the giving of a CREST Proxy Instruction will not prevent you from attending the General Meeting and voting in person if you so wish and are so entitled. 30 PART III QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE PROPOSAL The following questions and answers have been prepared to help you understand what the Proposal involves. You should read the whole of this document and not rely solely on the questions and answers set out below. 1. The Demerger 1.1 What is the Demerger? The Demerger is the separation of the Dowlais Group (being the GKN Automotive, GKN Powder Metallurgy and GKN Hydrogen businesses) from the Melrose Group. This will result in two separately listed companies, each with its own distinct investment prospects. 1.2 Why is Melrose proposing the Demerger? The Dowlais Businesses have been successfully transformed under Melrose’s ownership, and are equipped and structured to independently achieve their further potential better than ever before. Today both Dowlais and Melrose enjoy strong financial positions to achieve their target operating margins. The Board believes that separating the Dowlais Businesses will unlock further shareholder value creation potential, driven by long term sustainable growth opportunities, and independent platforms to execute transformative M&A. The Board recommends that you vote in favour of the Proposal at the General Meeting and is fully supportive of the Proposal. 1.3 How will the Demerger be implemented? The Demerger is conditional upon, among other things, the passing of the Resolution to be proposed as an ordinary resolution at the General Meeting by a simple majority. The Demerger will be implemented in accordance with the Demerger Agreement. Further details of the terms and conditions to the Demerger are set out in the description of the Demerger Agreement in Section 9.1(A) (Demerger Agreement) of Part VIII (Additional Information). Assuming the conditions are satisfied, the demerger of the Dowlais Group from the Melrose Group will be effected by Melrose making an interim in specie distribution of 97 per cent. of the Dowlais Shares to Shareholders. All Dowlais Shares will rank pari passu in all respects, there being no conversion or exchange rights attaching to them, and all Dowlais Shares will have equal rights to participate in capital, dividends and profit distributions by Dowlais. 1.4 Will there be any ongoing relationship between the Dowlais Group and the Melrose Group? Melrose and Dowlais will operate as separate independent companies following the Demerger. Pursuant to the Transitional Services Agreement, Melrose has agreed to provide (or procure that relevant members of the Melrose Group provide) certain transitional services to Dowlais and relevant members of the Dowlais Group for a transitional period following the Demerger, including finance and treasury, company secretariat and legal, tax and certain strategic advisory services. Further information on the Transitional Services Agreement is set out in Section 9.1(D) (Transitional Services Agreement) of Part VIII (Additional Information). In addition, Dowlais and Melrose have entered into the Demerger Agreement, which governs aspects of the relationship between the Dowlais Group and the Melrose Group following Completion. Certain existing trading arrangements are also expected to continue on ordinary course arm’s length terms between the Continuing Melrose Group and the Dowlais Group following Completion. In addition, three per cent. of the share capital of Dowlais will be retained by Melrose, of which (i) one per cent. will be used to cover costs, including those relating to the performance and provision of services by the Melrose Group to the Dowlais Group under the Transitional Services Agreement, as well as other costs; and (ii) two per cent. will be placed into a Melrose employee share ownership trust for the purposes of satisfying awards under the Melrose Automotive Share Plan. Further information on the Melrose Automotive Share Plan is set out in Section 4 (Rewarding further value creation in GKN Automotive and GKN Powder Metallurgy) of Part VII (Proposed Melrose Incentive Adjustments). 31 1.5 What is Dowlais Admission? Dowlais Admission involves Dowlais applying to the FCA for all of the Dowlais Shares to be admitted to the premium listing segment of the Official List. Application will also be made to the London Stock Exchange for all of the Dowlais Shares to be admitted to trading on its main market for listed securities. No application has been made for admission of Dowlais Shares to trading on any other stock exchange (nor is it the current intention of Dowlais to make any such application in the future). It is expected that the Demerger will be completed, Dowlais Admission will become effective and that dealings in Dowlais Shares will commence on the London Stock Exchange by no later than 8.00 a.m. on 20 April 2023. 2. The Melrose Share Consolidation 2.1 What is the Melrose Share Consolidation? Recognising that the Demerger involves the extraction of the Dowlais Businesses from the Melrose Group, which account for a significant proportion of the Melrose market capitalisation, it is necessary to undertake the Melrose Share Consolidation in order to enable the post-Demerger share price of both Melrose and Dowlais to initiate at sensible levels. To this effect, it is proposed that Melrose will consolidate its existing share capital in order to reduce the total number of shares in issue (while increasing the nominal value of such shares). The ratio for the Melrose Share Consolidation shall be one for three, such that Shareholders will receive one New Melrose Share in exchange for every three Existing Melrose Shares held at the Consolidation Record Time, subject to such adjustments as the Directors may agree to deal with fractional entitlements, rounding or other matters that may result from such consolidation. To effect the Melrose Share Consolidation, it will be necessary for the Company to issue two additional Existing Melrose Shares so that the number of the Company’s Existing Melrose Shares is exactly divisible by three. These two additional Existing Melrose Shares will be issued to Investec following close of trading on 19 April 2023 fully paid up in cash, at the closing middle-market price on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Existing Melrose Shares to be issued to Investec will result in fractional entitlements and will therefore be treated in the same way as described in question 2.3 below. The Consolidation Record Time will be at 6:00 p.m. on 19 April 2023. The Directors may change the Consolidation Record Time if they consider this to be in Shareholders’ interests. If this time or date does change, Melrose will give notice of the change by issuing an announcement through a Regulatory Information Service. The proportion of the issued ordinary share capital of Melrose held by each Shareholder following the Melrose Share Consolidation will, save for any impact from fractional entitlements, remain unchanged. Apart from having a different nominal value, each New Melrose Share will carry the same rights that attach to the Existing Melrose Shares prior to the Melrose Share Consolidation and all New Melrose Shares will rank pari passu in all respects. The Melrose Share Consolidation is conditional upon the approval by Shareh
