 . RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. You should read the section titled Forward-Looking Statements on page 1 for a description of the types of statements that are considered forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such statements in the context of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This information should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which discuss factors that could materially affect our future results. Summary of RISK FACTORS Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, discussed in more detail in the following section. These risks include, among others, the following key risks: Our dependence on third parties to supply us with data, applications and services and to distribute our products; Undetected errors, defects, malfunctions or similar problems; Our exposure to potential reputational and credibility concerns; The possibility that our clients seek to negotiate lower asset-based fees or cease using our indexes as the basis for indexed investment products; Cancellations or reductions by our clients or reduced demand for our products or services; The impact of failures, disruptions, instability or vulnerabilities in our information technology systems, networks or applications; Our inability to ensure and protect the confidentiality of data; Our exposure to security incidents including cyber-attacks or failures of our plans, systems, networks or procedures; Unanticipated failures, interruptions or delays in the performance or delivery of our products as a result of the adoption of new technologies; Security vulnerabilities resulting from our use of open source code; Issues related to the use of AI and development of AI-related solutions resulting in reputational harm, competitive harm, regulatory scrutiny or legal liability; The impact of changes in economic conditions and the global capital markets, including those resulting from geopolitical events, adverse equity market conditions, volatility in the financial markets and evolving investment trends; The effects on us from competition and financial and budgetary pressures affecting our clients; Failure to successfully develop new and enhanced products and services; The impact of our global presence and operations and any expansion and our exposure to additional issues from our increased global footprint; Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations; changes to current laws, rules or regulations; or the introduction of new laws, rules or regulations relevant to our business; Inability to protect our intellectual property rights; The impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation; The impact of our indebtedness on our cash flows and financial flexibility; The impact of changes in our credit ratings; Our exposure to tax liabilities in various jurisdictions; and Failure to attract, develop or retain talent. Operational Risks We are dependent on third parties to supply data, applications and services for our products and services and are dependent on certain vendors to distribute our products. A refusal or failure by a key vendor to distribute our products; any termination, 14 Table of Contents suspension or other loss of key third-party data, applications or services; a decline in the accuracy or quality of such data, applications or services; or any failure by us to comply with our suppliers or distributors licensing requirements or expectations could impair our ability to provide our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on third-party suppliers of data, applications and services, including data from stock exchanges and other suppliers (collectively, Vendor Products ), and depend on the accuracy and quality of Vendor Products and the ability and willingness of such suppliers to deliver, support, enhance and develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis. Additionally, we rely on clients to supply us with certain data for our products and services, and depend on the delivery, accuracy, quality and accessibility of such data. If Vendor Products include errors or design defects, are delayed, become incompatible with future versions of our products, are unavailable on acceptable terms or are suspended or not available at all, we may not be able to deliver our products and services. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, suppliers of Vendor Products are subject to various forms of cyber-attacks or other security incidents. Cyber-attacks, vulnerabilities in our suppliers software, systems or networks, failure of our suppliers safeguards, policies or procedures and other incidents related to our suppliers systems and networks, including supply-chain compromises, may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or such suppliers websites, applications or data processing and delivery, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of affected information. In addition, certain of our suppliers are also our competitors, and they could change the terms of the data and products that they supply to us or refuse to continue to supply us with data and products in order to gain competitive advantage against us. Some of our agreements with third-party suppliers allow them to cancel on short notice, and from time to time we receive notices from third-party suppliers threatening to terminate the provision of their products or services to us, and some data suppliers have terminated the provision of their data to us. In addition, certain of our most significant data and technology agreements are subject to periodic renewal or re-pricing, and we may be required to accept significantly higher fees or other less favorable commercial or legal terms in order to maintain access to key Vendor Products. Termination or suspension of the provision of Vendor Products by one or more of our significant suppliers or exclusion from, or restricted use of, or litigation or other disputes in connection with Vendor Products could decrease the data and materials available for us to use and deliver to our clients. In addition, some of our competitors could enter into exclusive contracts with our suppliers, including with certain stock exchanges, which could preclude us from receiving certain data or other materials or restrict us in our use of such data or other materials. Such exclusive contracts could hinder our ability to create our products and services or to provide our clients with the data or other products or services they prefer. Certain Vendor Products are concentrated among a small number of suppliers, and we also rely on major cloud and infrastructure providers to host and deliver certain products and services, so an adverse negotiation, dispute or renewal outcome with, or our inability to replace, a key supplier or to obtain comparable data or services on acceptable terms could affect our costs or ability to deliver products and services. Despite our efforts to comply with the licensing requirements of Vendor Products, there can be no assurance that third parties will not challenge our use, which could result in increased acquisition or licensing costs, loss of rights or costly legal actions. Our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the data, other materials or functionality provided by Vendor Products that may become unavailable or fail to operate effectively for any reason. Our operating costs could increase if additional license fees are imposed, or current license fees increase or the efforts to incorporate enhancements to Vendor Products are substantial and we are unable to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements with these suppliers or find alternative sources of equivalent products or services. We also rely on third-party vendors, including some competitors, to distribute our data to clients. Should any of our key vendors refuse to distribute our data for any reason or require that we pay them new or additional fees in connection with the distribution of our data, we would need to find alternative ways to distribute our data, which could increase costs or disrupt operations. If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our products contain undetected errors or fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, we may face increased costs or liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our products and services support the investment processes of our clients, which relate to, in the aggregate, trillions of dollars in assets. Products or services we develop or license have contained, and in the future may contain, undetected errors or defects. Use of our products or services as part of the investment process creates the risk that our clients, the parties whose assets are managed by our clients, investors in investment products linked to our indexes, the companies that we rate or assess in our sustainability and climate solutions or the shareholders of those companies, may pursue claims against us based on errors in our or third-party data, calculations, methodologies or analysis or a malfunction or failure in our systems, products or services. 15 Table of Contents Despite internal testing and in some cases testing or use by clients, our products or services have contained, and in the future may contain, errors in our, third-party or client-provided data, calculations, methodologies or analysis, including serious defects or malfunctions. This risk may grow with the increase in the number, type and complexity of our products, such as complex custom indexes that may require unique and more manual implementation and maintenance. For instance, certain processes utilize manual data entry or collection, which increases the risk of human error. In addition, as our business has grown and evolved over time, we have incurred technical debt resulting from, among other things, legacy code and system architectures, deferred maintenance and upgrades, short-term workarounds, unremediated issues, rapid product development, acquisitions, and the integration of new technologies into existing platforms. Such technical debt can exacerbate these risks by increasing the potential for system outages, performance degradation, defects, cybersecurity vulnerabilities, and testing and remediation limitations. If we detect any errors before we release or deliver a product or service or publish a methodology or analysis, we might have to suspend or delay the product or service release or delivery for an extended period of time while we address the problem. We may not discover errors that affect our products or services or enhancements until after they are deployed, and we may need to provide enhancements or corrections to address such errors, and in certain cases it may be impracticable to do so. If undetected errors exist in our products or services, or if our products or services fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, it could result in harm to our brand or reputation, increased costs, lost sales and revenues, delays in commercial release, third-party claims, contractual disputes, negative publicity, delays in or loss of market acceptance of our products or services, license terminations or renegotiations or unexpected expenses and diversion of resources to remedy or mitigate such errors, defects or malfunctions. In addition, defects or flawed outputs in regulated products, including indexes and ESG ratings, may prompt regulatory inquiries, supervisory actions or enforcement proceedings that could require changes to products or controls and impose significant fines or other remediation costs. The realization of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. While we have provisions in our client contracts that are designed to limit our liability from claims brought by our clients or third parties relating to our products or services, these provisions could be invalidated or fail to adequately or effectively limit our liability. In addition, clients also increasingly require us to provide contractual assurances regarding our IT and operational risk management and security practices or policies, and many of our clients in the financial services sector are subject to regulations and requirements to adopt risk management processes to oversee their third-party relationships. Contractual disputes could result in the provision of credits, adverse monetary judgments and other penalties and damages. Any such claims brought against us, even if the outcome were to be ultimately favorable to us, would require attention of our management, personnel, financial and other resources and could have a negative impact on our reputation or pose a disruption to our normal business operations. In addition, the duration or outcome of such claims and lawsuits is difficult to predict, which could further exacerbate the adverse effect they may have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. MSCI is exposed to potential reputational and credibility concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. To the extent that any of MSCI s operating segments, product lines or MSCI as a whole suffers a reputational or other loss in credibility, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Reputational damage could prompt clients or vendors to reduce use of our products, or terminate or renegotiate contracts. Factors that have affected or could affect our credibility include: real or perceived conflicts of interest; the adequacy, completeness and editorial independence of our index composition and ESG ratings and controversy assessment processes and decisions; allegations of perceived bias or lack of independence; the inappropriate influence, attempted influence or appearance of influence of third parties, including governments, politicians, NGOs and other advocacy groups, and clients (including large asset managers or asset owners), on our editorial decisions; the impact on companies of our indexes, ESG ratings and controversies, risk models or other MSCI content or analytics; the timing and nature of changes to our methodologies or products, including indexes and ESG ratings and controversies; disagreement with our methodologies or models, including for calculating indexes, value-at-risk and other risk measures, climate metrics, and ESG ratings and controversies; the accuracy and completeness of our client data or third-party data, including data voluntarily disclosed by the investment community, corporate issuers and others that is utilized in our products; and controversies, investigations, media attention, or regulatory or other governmental actions affecting our industry, competitors, clients, strategic partners, vendors or other relevant industry participants. We may face public or media scrutiny concerning politically or socially sensitive topics, which could lead to negative media coverage, reputational harm or increased government or regulatory scrutiny, even if such claims lack merit. Views expressed by the media, politicians, other government officials or representatives, regulators, NGOs and other advocacy groups, industry associations or other third parties regarding our company, our industry or our role in the investment process including allegations or suggestions that we have biases, lack independence or encourage investment in, or divestment from, certain companies, countries or regions or in support of certain causes or trends and the impact of political and geopolitical tensions relating to countries, industries, companies or issues relevant to our products and services, such as the inclusion of certain Chinese companies in our indexes or the focus on ESG or sustainable investing and climate considerations, could negatively impact our reputation and credibility. Such negative attention or scrutiny could also increase the risk of shareholder activism, including proposals seeking changes to our governance practices, corporate strategy or product offerings. 16 Table of Contents In some cases, our offerings may insert MSCI into a public spotlight or a public debate regarding investment trends and practices; environmental, social or political issues; geopolitical matters; or corporate governance matters. For example, scrutiny around ESG and climate investment considerations has increased, with anti-ESG and anti-climate advocacy groups, political leaders and industry organizations criticizing ESG or climate-focused risk management practices or investment strategies. Anti-ESG and anti-climate sentiment may impact demand for our products, limit our ability to retain clients or lead to heightened scrutiny of our methodologies or content. Additionally, legislation, litigation, investigations or regulatory action or enforcement activities aimed at curbing ESG or climate investing practices or penalizing institutions perceived as prioritizing ESG or climate considerations could further increase reputational risks to us and reduce the marketability of our products. In addition, increased regulatory and political focus on ESG and climate-related investment considerations has impacted our clients. Certain of our clients use our sustainability and climate data and tools to build and manage portfolios; perform risk management; benchmark their investment performance; and construct and manage ETFs and other indexed financial products. In some cases, these institutional investors are increasingly the subject of additional disclosure requirements, as well as media and regulatory scrutiny, that are focused on preventing greenwashing (i.e., holding out an investment product as having green or sustainable characteristics when this is not, in fact, the case). Our products, and the use of our products by these institutions, could draw MSCI into media attention, political debates, and litigation or regulatory actions related to greenwashing allegations. Factors affecting our reputation and credibility also include perception of our own sustainability and corporate responsibility policies or practices, including as a result of failure to meet publicly disclosed sustainability-related targets or goals, failure to comply with mandatory sustainability disclosure requirements or misalignment with evolving market standards or the methodologies and standards used in our own products and ESG ratings. Certain of our own corporate responsibility policies and practices are based on third-party frameworks and stakeholder expectations, and our adherence to these frameworks may change due to business developments, policy changes or other factors, drawing scrutiny of our corporate responsibility policies and practices. Scrutiny of MSCI competitors could also damage the reputation of the industries that we operate in and, therefore, harm the reputation of the Company or certain of our products. In addition, we believe that MSCI s corporate culture and reputation positively contribute to our ability to attract and retain talent, and that reputational damage could negatively affect our hiring, employee engagement and retention. Damage to our reputation, brand or credibility could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Client Risks Our clients that pay us a variable license fee (e.g., based on the assets under management or total expense ratio or trading volumes of an indexed investment product) may seek to negotiate a lower fee structure or may lower the total expense ratio of such products or may cease using our indexes, which could limit the growth of or decrease our revenues from asset-based or other variable fees and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. A portion of our revenues are from asset-based fees or fees based on trading volumes and some of these revenue streams are concentrated in some of our largest clients, including BlackRock, and in our largest market, the U.S. Our clients may seek for a variety of reasons to negotiate to pay us lower asset-based fee percentages, which are sometimes calculated as a percentage of the relevant product s total expense ratio ( TER ). Additionally, competition is intense among our clients that offer or manage indexed investment products, including ETFs, and low fees are one of the competitive differentiators. Where an investment product s TER determines our fees, a reduction in the TER may negatively impact our revenues. Additionally, our clients, including our largest clients, may seek to renegotiate existing asset-based fee models with the objective of achieving lower fees, either on a rate basis or in aggregate, which may have a negative impact on our operating revenues. Moreover, clients that have licensed our indexes to serve as the basis of indexed investment products are generally not required to continue to use our indexes. For example, clients that license our indexes to serve as the basis for listed futures and options contracts might discontinue such contracts. Additionally, we have a differentiated licensing strategy for our indexes and from time to time experience faster growth from lower fee products, resulting in a lower average asset-based fee percentage from indexed investment products. While we aim to maximize the price and volume tradeoff over the long-term, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. Results for any given quarter could be materially adversely affected by stronger growth in assets in indexed investment products with lower-than-average fees not sufficiently offset by growth in assets in indexed investment products with higher-than-average fees. Our asset-based fees could dramatically decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Finally, to the extent that multiple investment products are based on the same index, (i) assets under management in one product could shift to products that pay MSCI lower fee levels, (ii) the products could compete for the same assets such that none of the products becomes large enough to be successful or sustained, or (iii) the failure or discontinuance of one product (e.g., derivatives used for hedging) could have a detrimental effect on the use of the other products (e.g., ETFs). 17 Table of Contents Cancellations or reductions by our clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. A material portion of our revenues is concentrated in some of our largest clients. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, our largest client organization by revenue, BlackRock, accounted for 10.8% of our consolidated operating revenues. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, our largest client organization by revenue, BlackRock accounted for 10.2% of our consolidated operating revenues. Our revenue growth depends on our ability to obtain new clients, quickly onboard our clients and deploy our products and services to them, sell additional services to existing clients and achieve, maintain or improve pricing structures and sustain a high level of renewal rates with respect to our existing licenses. Failure to achieve one or more of these objectives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. A client s activity with us may decrease for a variety of reasons, including the client s level of satisfaction with our products and services; the effectiveness of our support services; the pricing of our products and services; the pricing and quality of competing products or services; client events such as mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, or business closures; or the effects of changes in economic conditions and the global capital markets. In addition, demand for our products may be impacted by cyclical market changes, regulatory uncertainty and political scrutiny, which could negatively affect client adoption and our financial performance. If we experience significant cancellations or reductions in licenses, either individually or in the aggregate, and we are unsuccessful in replacing those licenses, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our clients may become more self-sufficient, which may reduce demand for our products or services and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our clients may internally develop certain functionality contained in the products or services they currently license from us. For example, a number of our clients have obtained regulatory clearance to create indexes for use as the basis of ETFs that they manage and others have invested in direct indexing strategies, allowing investors to purchase individual stocks making up an index rather than investing in a fund or ETF. Similarly, some of our clients who currently license our risk or sustainability and climate data to analyze their portfolio risk may develop their own tools to collect data and assess risk or embed sustainability considerations into their investment processes, making our products or services unnecessary for them. Advances in AI and cloud platforms have also lowered the barriers for clients to build capabilities internally. A growing number of asset managers and investment banks, in partnership with index providers that offer calculation agent services, or acting together with an industry group or association, have created or may create their own range of proprietary indexes, which they use to manage funds or as the basis of ETFs, structured products or over-the-counter derivatives. To the extent that our clients become more self-sufficient, demand for our products or services may be reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Complex relationships with clients, competitors, investors and distributors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have complex relationships with various parties, including clients, shareholders, distributors of our content and competitors, which may present potential conflicts of interest that could adversely affect our business. Certain of our clients are also significant shareholders, competitors or distributors of our content, including some of our largest clients, such as BlackRock. This dynamic may introduce competitive pressures that could cause these clients to terminate all or a portion of the relationship and result in a loss of business or reduced revenue or influence our strategic decisions, such as whether to prioritize the client relationship over the development or enhancement of products that directly compete with those clients offerings. Some of our products also relate to these parties. For example, our ESG ratings and other products assess companies, including clients, shareholders, distributors of our content and competitors. Additionally, our indexes may include or exclude companies that are clients, shareholders, distributors of our content or competitors. These determinations could cause an impacted company to cease doing business with us, or may create perceptions of bias, lack of independence or influence over our editorial decisions. Allegations of such influence or bias could undermine the perceived integrity of our products, leading to reputational harm, increased regulatory scrutiny or lower demand for our products. While we have implemented policies and procedures designed to identify, mitigate and manage potential conflicts of interest, we may not be effective in all circumstances. The inability to adequately address these issues could lead to the loss of key clients, distributors or partners; diminished revenues; or harm to our reputation. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Technology Risks Any failures, disruptions, instability or vulnerabilities in our information technology architecture, platforms, vendors and service providers, production and delivery systems, software, code, networks, the internet or other systems may disrupt our operations, 18 Table of Contents cause our products or services to be unavailable or fail and impose delays or additional costs, or impose conditions or restrictions on our products or services and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems, networks and platforms and their components, including our data centers, cloud providers and other third-party vendors and service providers, production and delivery systems as well as the internet, to create and deliver our products and service our clients. Our employees also depend on these systems, networks, platforms and providers for internal use. Factors affecting the availability of our products and services and our information technology systems and networks, such as loss of service, operational failures, human error, model error, terrorist attacks, geopolitical instability, climate-related events (e.g., hurricanes, floods or other natural disasters), outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease, power loss, telecommunications failures, technical breakdowns, internet failures or cyber-attacks, could impair our or our third-party service provider systems operations or interrupt their availability for extended periods of time or impact the availability of our or our third-party service provider s personnel. Our ability to effectively use the internet, including for remote work, may also be impaired due to a variety of reasons including infrastructure failures, service outages, cyber-attacks or government restrictions. Disruptions, failures, or slowdowns in our operations, or those of our third-party vendors and service providers, could reduce confidence in our products and services, damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, or negatively affect our ability to distribute products to clients, including managed services or real-time index data. In addition, accumulated design, implementation, or architectural decisions in our technology environment, which may have been appropriate at the time they were made, may require incremental investment over time to maintain, enhance, or modernize our systems. This technical debt can increase the risk of outages, disruptions, performance degradation, defects, and cybersecurity incidents. While we generally perform cybersecurity due diligence on key vendors and service providers, our ability to monitor their practices is limited, and vulnerabilities or incidents affecting their software, systems, or networks could introduce risks to our operations. Additionally, newly acquired businesses may not have invested in technology and resilience to the same extent as we have, and integration of their systems could introduce vulnerabilities that impact us. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully defend against such disruptions or that our disaster recovery or business continuity plans, or those of our third-party service providers (including cloud providers), will be effective in mitigating the risks and associated costs, which could be exacerbated by our hybrid work model. While we maintain insurance coverage intended to address certain aspects of cybersecurity and data protection risks, such coverage may not include, or may not be sufficient to cover, all or a majority of any costs or other losses resulting from cyber-attacks or other security incidents. Any of these factors could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Any failure to ensure and protect the confidentiality of data could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Many of our products, systems and processes involve the collection, retrieval, storage, transmission and processing of proprietary, third-party and client confidential information. We also handle personal information of our employees in connection with their employment. We rely on complex processes and IT controls along with policies, procedures and training to protect this information, including sensitive data such as material non-public information and client portfolio data, against unauthorized access or disclosure. When we change the composition of our indexes or if we expect to change the methodologies that govern our indexes, in some cases, those changes can have an indirect effect on the prices of constituent securities and on certain indexed investment products as a result of trading activity related to tracking our indexes. The foreknowledge of these changes could be determined to be material non-public information. Similarly, our ESG ratings and changes to our ratings or methodology could potentially impact the companies and entities that we rate, including the price of their securities and the price of other securities that reference their securities. If our processes, confidentiality policies, conflict of interest policies or information barrier procedures fail or are insufficient, including as a result of intentional or unintentional human error, manual process failure, system error or other failure, then unauthorized release of, access to, or disclosure or misappropriation of data, including material non-public information or other confidential information (e.g., certain client portfolio data, index composition data, or ESG rating data), could harm our brand and reputation, lead to litigation, regulatory actions or penalties, and result in a loss of client confidence, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, such incidents may trigger notification and reporting obligations to regulators, clients and other stakeholders. Failure to meet those obligations or to effectively communicate during an incident could exacerbate reputational harm and regulatory exposure, including the risk of enforcement actions and fines. Cyber-attacks or other security incidents and the failure of security plans, systems and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our operations rely on the secure collection, retrieval, storage, transmission and other processing of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of data and information that is managed internally and with third-party vendors and service providers. We 19 Table of Contents and our vendors and service providers are subject to security risks, including cyber-attacks and other security incidents, such as phishing scams or other social engineering attacks, deepfake attacks, hacking, tampering, intrusions, viruses, malware (including ransomware) and denial-of-service attacks all of which could be exacerbated by AI technologies. Cybersecurity risks also may derive from fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, or may result from human error, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failure or other technological failure. The use of mobile and cloud technologies, as well as remote work arrangements, may heighten these risks. In addition, failure by our clients, third-party vendors or service providers to notify us of cybersecurity incidents in a timely manner could lead to unauthorized access to our systems and data, resulting in material adverse effects on our business, operations, and financial results. We may be exposed to more targeted and more sophisticated cyber-attacks and other security incidents because of our role or prominence in the global marketplace, including our handling of client portfolio data, the composition and use of our indexes and ESG ratings. Advanced, persistent and state-sponsored threat actors with significant resources and capabilities could also attempt to penetrate our or our vendors systems. Additionally, although we conduct due diligence during acquisition processes, acquired businesses may not have invested as heavily in security measures and technology, and this may introduce additional security risk. In the past, we have experienced cyber-attacks of varying degrees, including denial-of-service attacks. There can be no assurance that there will not be material adverse effects relating to these types of incidents in the future, in particular as these types of incidents have generally become increasingly frequent, sophisticated, difficult to detect and difficult to successfully defend against, and we may see their frequency increased, and effectiveness enhanced, by the use of AI. As these threats continue to evolve, we may be required to devote additional resources to modify or enhance our operational or security systems and networks and our cybersecurity program. Our security measures or those of our third-party providers may prove insufficient. Cyber-attacks, security incidents or third-party reports of perceived security vulnerability to our systems or networks, even if no intrusion has occurred, could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, regulatory actions, investigations, sanctions or other penalties, lead to loss of client confidence, which would harm our ability to retain clients and gain new clients, and result in financial losses. Any of the foregoing could lead to unexpected or higher than estimated costs. We may also incur additional costs as we enhance and refine our internal processes and IT controls, policies, and procedures. Migration of our applications, systems, processes and infrastructure to new technologies, providers, processes, platforms or applications could result in unanticipated failures, interruptions or delays in the performance and delivery of our products, services and support. Such incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the past, we have experienced interruptions and delays in the performance and delivery of certain products, including after we migrated applications and infrastructure to new data centers or other network infrastructure. While we have taken steps to mitigate such interruptions and delays, we cannot provide assurance that they will not occur again as part of future migration to new technologies, applications or processes (e.g., cloud migration), even after extensive testing, or if we experience significant growth of our client base or increases in the number of products or services or in the speed at which we provide products and services. Future migrations may result in outages, latency or degraded functionality, or data loss or corruption despite backup and recovery plans. Such disruptions may result in cancellations and reduced demand for our products and services, resulting in decreased revenues, or in cost increases relating to our use of power and system resources. After adopting new technologies, applications and processes, we may experience unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance or delivery of certain products, services or client support. We may also incur increased operating expenses to recover data, repair, replace or remediate systems, equipment or facilities, and to protect ourselves from such disruptions. Accordingly, any significant failures, disruptions or instability affecting our information technology platforms, providers, production and delivery systems, applications, processes or the internet could negatively affect our ability to distribute products and service our clients, damage our brand and reputation and result in litigation, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our use of open source code could introduce security vulnerabilities, impose delays or costs, result in litigation or impose conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products or services. Such incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on open source code to develop software and to incorporate it in our products and internal systems. The use of open source code may entail greater risks than third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other protections regarding infringement claims, the quality of the code or the security of the code. Certain open source licenses provide that if we combine our proprietary code with open source code and distribute it in a certain manner, we could be required to release the source code to the public, potentially allowing our competitors to create similar products and putting us at a competitive disadvantage. Additionally, the terms of many open source code licenses are ambiguous and have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, increasing the risk of unanticipated restrictions or conditions on our use of such software. Therefore, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties on terms that are not commercially feasible, to make portions of our proprietary code publicly available to re-engineer our products or systems, to discontinue licensing certain products, or to take other remedial action that could 20 Table of Contents divert resources. We could also be subject to suits by parties claiming breach of the terms of licenses, which could be costly for us to defend. Open source code may also contain security vulnerabilities or malicious code (including backdoors), which could impair our products or systems, reduce client confidence, harm our reputation and expose us to litigation or other liability. Any of these factors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Issues related to the use of AI and development of AI-related solutions could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, regulatory scrutiny or legal liability, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We currently incorporate, and expect to continue to incorporate, AI technologies, including generative AI, into our products and operations, and these uses of AI may become significantly more important over time. There are significant and evolving risks involved in utilizing AI, and there is no assurance that our usage of AI will help our products and operations become more effective, efficient or profitable, or otherwise achieve our intended outcomes. Our use of AI will require additional resources and costs to develop and maintain products, comply with emerging regulations, address ethical and reputational considerations, and manage technical, operational and competitive risks. Competitors and new market entrants may use AI to develop products that compete with our offerings at lower price points, with faster time-to-market or with additional or better capabilities, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and put pressure on our revenues and subscriptions. Additionally, AI-enabled tools may allow clients, including asset managers, asset owners, banks, hedge funds and others, to develop in-house capabilities to replace our products such as custom indexes, risk analytics, and sustainability and climate data. Large-scale data scraping and generative AI models trained on publicly available information could also diminish the perceived uniqueness and commercial value of our proprietary content. Further, third-party AI tools and model providers may change their model behavior, pricing or terms, which could adversely affect our offerings, increase our costs or disrupt our operations. The models underlying our use of AI technologies may be incorrectly or inadequately designed or implemented. If the content, analyses, or recommendations produced by AI are, or are perceived to be, biased, inaccurate, misleading, of poor quality, unethical or otherwise deficient or flawed, any of which may not be easily detectable or may be exacerbated when AI systems operate with greater autonomy, our business may be adversely affected. AI technologies, including generative AI, can produce outputs that appear authoritative but contain factual errors, hallucinations, or unintended biases. If AI-generated content in our products contains such errors, we could face client losses, reputational damage and potential legal liability. Failure to maintain appropriate oversight, governance frameworks, testing, documentation and monitoring could exacerbate these risks. The use of AI may involve third-party information with unclear intellectual property rights or interests. If we do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material or content that AI technologies utilize or generate, we may incur liability through the violation of applicable laws and regulations, third-party intellectual property, privacy or other rights or contracts to which we are a party. In addition, intellectual property ownership rights, including copyright, of generative and other AI output, have not been fully interpreted by courts or regulations. The use of AI by us or by others may also result in, and increase our exposure to, cyber-attacks or other security incidents, including those that involve confidential or personal information (e.g., proprietary, third-party, employee or client information). The use of AI by our employees, contractors or partners could also result in the inadvertent disclosure of confidential or personal information, risking our intellectual property rights, competitive position and reputation. We have adopted principles and governance frameworks designed to support responsible use, data protection and risk management, but these may prove insufficient to prevent harmful outcomes or may not keep pace with the rapid evolution of AI capabilities and risks. AI technologies are subject to an evolving and fragmented legal and regulatory landscape. Laws and regulations applicable to AI, including intellectual property, data privacy and security, consumer protection, competition and equal opportunity laws, continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Because AI is complex and rapidly developing, it is not possible to predict all of the legal, operational or technological risks that may arise relating to the use of AI. These risks include the possibility of enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation or other legal liability, compliance issues, ethical concerns, negative consumer perceptions, confidentiality or security risks, supply-chain and cost risks related to AI infrastructure and models, as well as other factors. Any of these issues could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Strategy and Growth Risks Our business may be affected by changes in economic conditions and the global capital markets, including those resulting from geopolitical events, trade policy changes, adverse equity market conditions, volatility in the financial markets and evolving 21 Table of Contents investment trends. Such changes could decrease the use of our products and services which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business is impacted by economic conditions, including economic uncertainty, market downturns and volatility in the global capital markets and evolving investment trends (including volatility and trends resulting from geopolitical events and trade policy changes, including tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and related trade tensions). Our clients use our products for a variety of purposes, including benchmarking, performance attribution, portfolio construction and risk management, and to support investment strategies including sustainability, climate, factor, thematic, private asset and MAC investing. Volatile capital markets, geopolitical instability or unrest, trade tensions and shifts in trade policy and other economic and market conditions and trends, including a recession or other significant financial-market event or crisis, may impact whether, how, where and when investors choose to invest, for example between developed or emerging markets, U.S. or non-U.S. markets, as well as whether to adopt different investment strategies. Such shifts may increase demand for certain of our products while reducing demand for others, and may reduce client budgets, delay purchasing decisions or cause clients to defer or cancel subscriptions, any of which could materially reduce demand for our offerings. A portion of our revenues comes from clients who use our indexes as the basis for indexed investment products. These fees are primarily based on a client s assets under management or trading volumes, and if the level of assets under management or trading volumes declines, we expect our fee-based revenue to show a corresponding decline. The value of an investment product s assets may increase or decrease in response to changes in market performance and cash inflows and outflows, which could impact our revenues. Additionally, a portion of our revenues comes from products and services that relate to certain investment trends. A decline in the equity markets or movement away from such investment trends, including as a result of changing economic conditions or political or regulatory concerns or scrutiny, could decrease demand for our related products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Competition and financial and budgetary pressures affecting clients may cause price reductions or loss of market share, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Competition exists across all markets for our products and services. Our competitors range from large companies with substantial resources to small, single-product businesses that are highly specialized. Larger competitors may have access to more resources and may be able to achieve greater economies of scale, and specialized competitors may have unique expertise and dedicated resources and capabilities to compete with respect to a particular product or service. Some competitors may offer price incentives or different pricing structures that are more attractive to clients. The competitive landscape may also experience consolidation, which results in a narrower pool of competitors that are better capitalized or that are able to gain a competitive advantage through synergies. Barriers to entry may be low or declining in many markets, including for single-purpose product companies, supporting new competitors. For example, more broker-dealers, data suppliers, credit rating agencies, analytics firms, technology providers (including AI providers) or other market participants or vendors could begin developing their own content such as proprietary risk analytics, sustainability and climate data or indexes. Factors such as increases in the availability of free or relatively inexpensive information through internet sources and through the use of AI or other low-cost delivery systems, advances in cloud computing, increased use of open source code, the ability of machine learning and other AI to process and organize large data sets, as well as client development of proprietary applications, have further reduced barriers to entry in some cases and our competitors may use these tools to deliver solutions at lower prices, or these tools may be used in a way that significantly increases access to publicly available information. Such developments may over time reduce the demand for, or clients willingness to pay for, certain of our products and services. We may experience pressures to reduce our fees, prolonged selling and renewal cycles, reduced client spending and increased cancellation rates on account of financial and budgetary pressures affecting our clients, including those resulting from weak or volatile economic or market conditions, geopolitical conflicts and the inflationary environment, which may lead certain clients to reduce their overall spending on our products or services, including by seeking similar products or services at a lower cost than what we are able to provide, by consolidating their spending with fewer providers, by consolidating with other clients or by self-sourcing their information and analytical needs. Accordingly, competitive and market pressures may result in fewer clients or reduced sales, including as a result of client closures and consolidations, price reductions, prolonged selling and renewal cycles and increased operating costs, such as for marketing and product development, which could, individually or in the aggregate, result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. To remain competitive, we must successfully develop new and enhanced products and services and effectively manage product transitions and integrations. Our failure to do so may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We operate in highly competitive markets that continually change to meet client needs. To remain competitive, we must continually introduce new products and services; enhance existing products and services delivered through our own systems and 22 Table of Contents through third-party platforms; collect, organize, analyze and protect large amounts of information to generate insights; and effectively generate client demand for new and enhanced products and services. We may not be successful in developing, introducing, implementing, marketing, pricing, launching or licensing new products or enhancements on a timely or cost-effective basis or without impacting the stability and efficiency of existing products and services. Any new products or services and enhancements may not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace or industry standards or achieve market acceptance. The process of enhancing existing, and developing new, products and services and expanding our offerings to new client types is complex and may become increasingly complex and expensive in the future, including due to new technology and AI, competition for talent, workforce costs and evolving client expectations. Expansion into new product and service offerings and client types also increases the complexity of our go-to-market, product development, operational and regulatory requirements and may require substantial additional investment. This process often requires effective collaboration across various functions and product lines, and ineffective or insufficient collaboration may harm our ability to meet our business objectives. In particular, serving new client types may require new capabilities, additional product features and use cases, specialized distribution and implementation, and different contractual and licensing arrangements, all of which can increase time to market and execution risk. In addition, our reputation could be harmed if we are perceived as not innovating rapidly enough to meet the changing needs of investors or their advisors. These changing needs include a greater expectation that information be delivered with a higher degree of customization and service quality. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in new or enhanced products and services that satisfy our clients needs, including new client types, and generate adequate revenues. We also incur costs to integrate existing products and services and transition clients to enhanced products and services, which also present execution risks and could lead to price reductions or other concessions. The increased presence of AI in the market could also lead to increased expectations from clients and market participants regarding the quality, features, timeliness and use cases of our products and services. If we are unable to effectively manage the development of new or enhanced products and services for our clients, we may not be able to remain competitive and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our global presence and operations and any future expansions may continue to place significant strain on our resources and subject us to additional risks and costs resulting from our increased global footprint, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our global presence and operations and any future expansion are expected to continue to place significant demands on our personnel, management and other resources, and there can be no assurance that we will effectively attract, develop and retain talent and effective leaders across locations; expand our sales activities; operate our physical facilities and information technology infrastructure; scale our legal and compliance infrastructure; meet our regulatory obligations; develop and maintain appropriate operational and financial systems, procedures and controls; integrate acquired businesses; or otherwise adequately manage our global presence and operations and any future expansion. Our global presence and operations and our ability to deliver our products and services to our clients also expose us to political, economic, legal, regulatory, operational, reputational, franchise and other risks resulting from operating and selling in many countries. These include the risk that geopolitical tensions, trade policy changes and related policy responses may restrict or limit our ability to offer certain products, services or content in particular jurisdictions, affect our access to the technology on which our operations depend, or reduce client demand for our products and services in affected markets. We also may face such impacts from product constraints, capital controls, exchange controls, customs duties, tariffs, retaliatory trade measures, sanctions compliance, tax penalties, levies or assessments, legal uncertainty, regulatory intervention and other restrictive governmental actions such as export restrictions, requirements favoring local competitors, limits on foreign ownership or investment, limits on the use of foreign technology, requirements applicable to particular types of data services and processing, data localization rules and restrictions on cross-border transfers of data and services, as well as the outbreak of hostilities or political and governmental instability. As we operate in multiple jurisdictions, our ability to repatriate cash to the U.S. could also be impacted by foreign currency controls, restrictions on cash transfers, or limits on converting currency or paying dividends from non-U.S. subsidiaries, as well as adverse tax consequences. In addition, the majority of our employees are located in offices outside of the U.S., and a number of those employees are located in emerging market locations. The cost of establishing and maintaining these offices, including costs related to information technology, as well as the costs of attracting, training and retaining employees in these locations may be higher, or may increase at a faster rate, than we anticipate. Additionally, social and health conditions, such as public health epidemics impacting the global economy or our employees, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The laws and regulations in many countries applicable to our business are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult or costly for us to determine and remain compliant with the exact requirements of local laws in every market. Our inability to maintain consistent internal policies and procedures across our offices and remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation. 23 Table of Contents Demand for our products and services is still nascent in many parts of the world, particularly in certain emerging markets where investment management practices, including risk management and sustainability and climate integration, are less established. In addition, the data required to model local securities in some emerging markets might be difficult to source and local investment product nuances may be difficult or costly to model. If we do not appropriately tailor our products and services to fit the needs of the local market, we may be unable to effectively grow sales of our products and services. Any failure to effectively manage expansion or to effectively manage our business globally could damage our brand and reputation, result in increased costs and litigation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Legal and Regulatory Risks Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations, or the introduction of new or revised laws, rules or regulations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Failure to comply with any applicable laws, rules, regulations, executive or administrative orders or other governmental requirements, or industry codes of conduct, could subject us to litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions, fines or other penalties, as well as damage our brand and reputation. The financial services industry, within which we and many of our clients operate, is subject to extensive laws, rules and regulations, with direct regulation of certain of our products in some jurisdictions. These laws, rules and regulations are complex, evolve frequently and sometimes quickly and unexpectedly, and are subject to administrative interpretation and judicial construction in ways that are difficult to predict, and could materially adversely affect our business or our clients businesses. Additionally, we may be required to comply with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, rules or regulations in various jurisdictions, which could, individually or in the aggregate, result in materially higher compliance costs to us. Laws, rules or regulations could require changes to the way we license and price our products and services. In addition, various government and regulatory bodies from time to time may make inquiries and conduct investigations into our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and our business practices, including those related to our regulated activities and other matters. Changes to the laws, rules and regulations applicable to our clients could limit our clients ability to use our products and services or could otherwise impact our clients demand for our products and services. As such, to the extent our clients become subject to certain laws, rules or regulations, we may incur higher costs in connection with modifying our products or services. If laws, rules or regulations place new obligations on clients that affect us, restrict our clients or vendors ability or willingness to provide data to us, or impose new compliance obligations or restrictions on how we access and use such data, our ability to continue to produce products and services, or the costs associated with doing so, could be negatively affected. The regulations and regulatory considerations that most significantly impact us are described below: Benchmarks. Compliance with regulations affecting benchmarks or their uses, as well as related technical standards and guidance, could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Benchmarks, which include the indexes we provide, are subject to regulations that may require changes in our business practices, product offerings or our ability to offer indexes in certain jurisdictions. Such impacts could include, without limitation, increased costs, including direct regulatory fees and costs; diminished intellectual property rights; methodology requirements or restrictions; product requirements or restrictions; constraints on the fees we charge; constraints on our ability to meet contractual commitments with data providers; or constraints on how we offer our products. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our index products. For example, the EU Benchmark Regulation ( EU BMR ) and UK Benchmarks Regulation ( UK BMR ) impose distinct requirements. Following Brexit, the EU BMR provided a transition period until December 31, 2025, allowing EU-regulated entities to use benchmarks from non-EU administrators. Beginning January 1, 2026, most of our indexes fall outside EU supervision and remain under UK oversight. For indexes that remain subject to EU regulation, ESMA s supervision may result in additional compliance obligations for our business. The UK BMR transition period for non-UK administrators continues until December 31, 2030. In December 2025, the UK HM Treasury launched a consultation on proposals to amend the scope of the UK BMR. Depending on the outcome, these changes could affect the regulatory status of certain of our benchmarks, alter our compliance obligations or impact our ability to offer certain products to UK-regulated clients. Diverging interpretations or future amendments to these regulations may also increase compliance burdens and operational complexity. Additionally, guidance issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority ( ESMA ) may affect benchmark administrators and their clients. For instance, the ESMA Guidelines on ETFs and other Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities ( UCITS ) Issues impose disclosure requirements for indexes used in UCITS funds, such as making index constituents and their respective weightings easily accessible free of charge to investors on a delayed and periodic basis. These requirements could increase the compliance obligations for benchmark administrators, affect the eligibility of certain indexes for use in UCITS funds and influence the demand for specific products. 24 Table of Contents Globally, the benchmark industry faces heightened scrutiny and potential new regulations. The International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) has recommended that benchmark administrators voluntarily publicly disclose whether they comply with its principles for financial benchmarks. Other jurisdictions have also indicated they may consider potential benchmark regulation or conduct reviews of the benchmark industry. For instance, regulation is being considered or developed in South Africa. Heightened scrutiny and regulatory attention on benchmarks and index providers from regulators, policymakers, and the media in the EU, U.S., and other regions could result in negative publicity or comments about the role or influence of our company or the index industry, which could harm our reputation and credibility. For example, in the past we have made changes or announced proposed changes to our index methodologies that have triggered media and policymaker attention. Further, laws, rules or regulations affecting users of our indexes, such as sanctions that prohibit users of our indexes from investing or transacting in markets or securities included in our indexes, can have an indirect impact on our indexes, including their construction and composition. ESG Ratings . The EU has adopted a new regulation requiring market participants providing ESG ratings in the EU to become authorized and supervised by ESMA. The regulation becomes effective in July 2026 and imposes requirements relating to governance, conflicts of interest, transparency of methodologies and ongoing supervisory obligations. Certain of our Sustainability and Climate products are expected to be in scope. We may incur significant costs to achieve and maintain authorization, modify our operations or product offerings and comply with ongoing supervisory requirements. The UK has adopted separate legislation to regulate ESG ratings providers beginning in June 2028, the requirements of which are still being developed. A number of other jurisdictions, including Japan, Hong Kong SAR, Taiwan, India and Singapore, have completed, or are in the process of developing, legislation or codes of conduct for ESG rating or data providers. Regulation of ESG ratings and data providers could impose significant compliance burdens and costs on our Sustainability and Climate products and services. Furthermore, the potential for inconsistent or conflicting requirements across jurisdictions may create implementation challenges, increase compliance risks and result in inadvertent noncompliance, which could materially impact our operations and reputation. Data Privacy and AI. Laws, rules, regulations and standards governing privacy, data collection and AI impact our ability to collect, manage, store, use and otherwise process personal data and other information. We operate across jurisdictions with differing and often conflicting data privacy laws, including extraterritorial requirements, which continue to expand in scope and complexity. Compliance with these laws requires significant resources to ensure data security and regulatory adherence. Furthermore, we frequently have privacy compliance requirements as a result of our contractual obligations with counterparties. Emerging AI regulations, such as the European Union s Artificial Intelligence Act, impose requirements for transparency, fairness and oversight of AI systems. These regulations may directly affect our operations, including the use of AI in hiring, employee performance monitoring and client-facing applications, by requiring audits, documentation and human oversight. Compliance with evolving AI regulatory frameworks may increase costs, impact our product development, restrict the use of certain applications of AI and expose us to liability for violations of applicable laws, regulations or contracts. Advisory Services. Regulators have examined the role of various types of third-party information providers, including index and model providers and proxy advisors, in the asset-management ecosystem. Regulatory or legislative developments that expand or alter the definition of investment advice, proxy advice, or that subject index providers, model providers or ESG ratings providers to fiduciary or adviser-style obligations, could affect our businesses. For instance, in the United States, the SEC has previously sought public comment on the role of index providers and whether they are acting as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act. If any of our businesses were deemed to be providing investment advice or otherwise to have fiduciary or adviser-style obligations, this could significantly increase the costs and complexity of our business and potentially conflict with obligations under other regulations. Our ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations depends on maintaining an effective compliance program, which can be time-consuming and costly, as well as on our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance personnel. In some instances, in connection with the provision of data and services, we have incurred additional costs to implement processes and systems at the request of our clients to ensure their use of our data complies with applicable regulations. U.S. Executive Orders and related agency directives may also indirectly influence client mandates and market accessibility, require rapid adjustments and result in additional compliance obligations for our business. For example, a U.S. Executive Order prohibiting many of our clients from transacting in the securities of certain Chinese companies resulted in our decision to remove these companies from relevant indexes to support our clients needs for indexes to be replicable in investment portfolios. To the extent that our clients are subject to increased requirements or regulation, we may be indirectly impacted, leading to lower revenues or higher costs that could reduce the profitability of certain products or services. Because the financial services industry is highly regulated, we could become subject to other existing or new regulatory frameworks in the jurisdictions where we operate, which could increase our costs and risks, require changes to our products and services, or otherwise impact our business. Additionally, there has been increased attention on and scrutiny of index providers and 25 Table of Contents ESG ratings and data providers by politicians, regulators, policymakers and the media. This heightened attention may result in new or expanded regulations, investigations or other regulatory actions, which could increase compliance costs, impose operational constraints, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Legal protections for our intellectual property rights and other rights may not be sufficient or available to protect our competitive advantages. Third parties may infringe on our intellectual property rights or we may infringe upon their intellectual property rights, which, in each case, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Failure to protect our intellectual property adequately could harm us, our brand or reputation and affect our ability to compete effectively. We rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, laws regarding unfair competition and the misappropriation of intellectual property, technical measures and contractual protections, to obtain, maintain, protect, defend and enforce our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary rights in our content, products and services. However, these measures may not prevent unauthorized use, misappropriation or theft of our intellectual property, nor ensure that third parties from whom we license or acquire technology have adequately protected their rights. Intellectual property laws in various jurisdictions are subject to change or varying interpretations at any time and could further restrict our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. The enforceability of intellectual property rights and obligations under our agreements, as well as the availability of remedies in the event of a breach, may vary in the different jurisdictions in which our clients and employees are located. In addition, intellectual property ownership rights, including copyright, of generative and other AI output, are uncertain and have not been fully interpreted by courts or regulations. There is no guarantee that any intellectual property rights that we may obtain will protect our competitive advantages, nor is there any assurance that our competitors will not infringe upon our rights, including through the use of AI models. Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop and protect products and services that are the same or similar to ours. We may be unable to detect the unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property or confidential information, particularly where such use occurs through AI technologies, or to take the necessary steps to enforce our rights. In addition, our products and services, or third-party products that we provide to our clients, could infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. Pursuing intellectual property claims to preserve our intellectual property rights or responding to intellectual property claims, regardless of merit, can be costly, time-consuming, and uncertain. From time to time, we have received, and may continue to receive, third-party claims alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights, which would likely be costly to defend and could require us to pay damages, limit our future use of certain technologies, harm our brand and reputation, increase our costs and prevent us from offering some services or products. We may need to settle such claims on unfavorable terms, pay damages, stop providing or using the affected products or services, undertake workarounds or substantial reengineering of our products or services or enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may include terms that are not commercially acceptable to us. Our client contracts and distribution agreements frequently require us to indemnify our clients, distributors and other users of our products and services from claims of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Courts in different jurisdictions have held whether issuers of indexed investment products must obtain a license from the index owner in various scenarios. In some instances, the results have been unfavorable to the index owner. While we believe that we have adequate legal authority and means to protect our index data and intellectual property, such unfavorable rulings or the inability to distinguish unfavorable judicial precedent that a license is not required to issue investment products based on our index data or our related intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. This also might lead to changes in current industry practices such that we would no longer make our index level data publicly available, such as via our website or news media, on a timely basis. In addition, changes to regulatory requirements, including those governing intellectual property rights, could impact our ability to protect or enforce rights relating to our proprietary content and products, necessitate enhancements to meet new standards or affect client demand for certain products. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Financial Risks Our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk. Exchange rate movements can impact the U.S. dollar reported value of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies or where the currency of such items is different than the functional currency of the entity where these items were recorded. Additionally, the value of assets in 26 Table of Contents indexed investment products can fluctuate significantly over short periods of time and such volatility may be further impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We manage certain portions of our foreign currency exchange rate risk, in part, through the use of derivative financial instruments comprised principally of forward contracts on foreign currency which are not designated as hedging instruments for accoun
