: RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to our other filings with the SEC and the other information set forth in this Form 10-K, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations section in Part II. Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements in Part II. Item 8. If any of the risks and uncertainties described in the cautionary factors described below actually occur or continue to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected. These risks may be amplified by the effects of macroeconomic events or developments. Moreover, the risks below are not the only risks we face and additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may emerge or become material at any time and may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation or the trading price of our common stock. Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business As we introduce new products and services and enhance existing products and services, we may face increased areas of risk related to the success of such products and services that we may not be able to properly assess or mitigate, as well as increased competition and additional compliance obligations, each of which could harm our reputation, market share, results of operations and financial condition or result in additional obligations or liabilities for our business. The markets for certain products and services of ours are characterized by evolving technologies, industry standards and customer preferences. For example, the software and video security industries have been characterized by rapidly changing customer preferences in favor of cloud solutions and the adoption of AI capabilities. In some cases, it is unclear what specific technology will be adopted in the market or what delivery model will prevail. As another example, there have been and are currently initiatives by governments in several countries to transition public safety communications away from LMR networks onto public mobile broadband networks. While such initiatives have gained limited traction to date, if customers conclude that public mobile broadband networks, potentially augmented with emerging technologies, provide adequate resiliency, coverage, control, and cost for their critical communication needs, it could adversely affect our MCN sales. Our MCN sales could also be adversely affected by evolving technologies created to defeat encryption or our products ability to communicate in a contested environment, which could result in our MCN radios becoming less secure or effective. The process of developing new products and services and enhancing existing products and services to meet such evolving technologies, industry standards and customer preferences is complex, costly and uncertain. Any delay by us to effectively, and in a timely manner, introduce new products and services or enhance current products and services, including by accurately predicting technological and business trends, controlling research and development costs or executing our strategy, could significantly harm our reputation, market share, results of operations or financial condition. Many of our products and services are complex and we may experience delays in completing development or introducing new products or services in the future. In addition, new technologies and new competitors continue to enter our markets at a faster pace than in the past, and customer trends also continue to evolve at a rapid pace, resulting in increased competition. We may continue to face increasing competition from both incumbents and emerging competitors as customer contracts become larger, more complicated, and include an expanded range of services or complex product requirements. For example, with our acquisition of Silvus in August 2025 and expanded defense opportunities, we now face increased competition for certain products and services from startups and defense contractors that may have certain competitive advantages. Another area in which we face significant competition is AI. Other companies may develop AI systems that are similar or superior to our technologies or more cost-effective to develop and deploy, and customer demand for AI-based technologies and analytics may continue to increase at a fast rate. The research and development cost we may incur to compete with such AI systems and meet increased customer demand for AI-based technologies and analytics may increase the cost of our products and services. If we are unable to mitigate these risks, our results of operations, financial condition or reputation may be adversely affected. Expansion of our products and services may also result in the applicability of new legal and regulatory requirements and compliance obligations, which may increase the costs of doing business or delay or limit the range of new products and services we may be able to offer. Failure to comply with such requirements could result in liabilities, including potential enforcement actions, fines, penalties, product bans or reputational harm. We use AI in our products and services, and challenges related to the use of AI could subject us to legal liability or additional regulatory oversight, or adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or business reputation. We expect to increasingly leverage AI, including generative AI, in our products and services. AI may not always operate as intended and if we use AI that is based on data, algorithms, or other inputs that are flawed or insufficient, or if the AI assists in producing content, analyses or recommendations that are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, violative of third-party intellectual property, or biased, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, AI presents emerging ethical issues, and if our use of AI becomes controversial, we may experience reputational harm, legal liability or additional regulatory oversight. Although we work to responsibly meet our customers needs for products and services that use AI, including through AI governance programs and internal technology oversight committees, we may still suffer reputational damage as a result of any inconsistencies in the application of the technology or ethical concerns, both of which may generate negative publicity. 13 Catastrophic events may interrupt our business, or our customers or suppliers business, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows or stock price. Our business operations, and the operations of our customers and suppliers, are subject to interruption by natural disasters and extreme weather, flooding, fires, power shortages, the widespread outbreak of infectious diseases and pandemics, terrorist acts or the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, and other events beyond our control. The occurrence of any such catastrophic event, and the measures taken in response thereto, could have varied impacts and adversely impact our operations, including through impacts to our workforce and supply chain, inflationary pressures and increased costs (including increased insurance costs), impacts to sources or supply of energy, schedule or production delays, loss of spoilage of inventory, market volatility, physical damage to our facilities or those of our suppliers or customers, and other financial impacts. The impacts of these catastrophic events could have a negative impact on our ability to manage our business and/or cause disruption of economic activity, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows or stock price. We expect to continue to make strategic acquisitions of other companies or businesses and these acquisitions introduce significant risks and uncertainties, including risks related to integrating the acquired businesses and achieving benefits from the acquisitions. In order to position ourselves to take advantage of growth opportunities or to meet other strategic needs such as product or technology gaps, we have made, and expect to continue to make, strategic acquisitions that involve significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include: (i) the inability to realize our business plan with respect to the acquired businesses, (ii) the difficulty or inability in integrating newly-acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, including ensuring proper integration of acquired businesses legal and regulatory compliance programs, information technology systems and financial reporting and internal control systems, (iii) the challenges in integrating acquired businesses to create the operating platform for physical security, (iv) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits from acquisitions, (v) the risk that our contractual relationships or the markets served do not evolve as anticipated and that the technologies acquired do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets, (vi) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (vii) the risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our operations, (viii) the risks of entering new markets in which we have limited experience, (ix) future impairments of goodwill, (x) the potential loss of intellectual property due to actions of employees in connection with such acquisitions, (xi) the risks of exposure to new patent assertions by third-parties directed at the technologies of the newly acquired businesses, (xii) potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products that expose us to additional security risk, (xiii) the inability to retain customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the acquired businesses, (xiv) potential negative reactions from stakeholders, and (xv) exposure to litigation, regulatory or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or other litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition. Certain acquisition candidates in the industries in which we participate may carry higher relative valuations (based on revenues, earnings, cash flow, or other relevant multiples) than we do. Acquiring a business that has a higher relative valuation than Motorola Solutions may be dilutive to our earnings. In addition, we may choose not to pursue opportunities because they may be highly dilutive to near-term earnings. Key employees of acquired businesses may receive substantial value in connection with a transaction in the form of cash payments for their ownership interest, particularly in the case of founders and other shareholder employees, or as a result of change-in-control agreements, acceleration of stock options and the lifting of restrictions on other equity-based compensation rights. To retain such employees and integrate the acquired business, we may offer additional retention incentives, but it may still be difficult to retain certain key employees. 14 Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business If the quality of our products does not meet our customers' expectations or regulatory or industry standards, or our products and services suffer from an actual or perceived systems or service failure, then our results of operations, financial condition, or reputation could be negatively impacted. Some of the products we sell may have quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the product, or from the software used in the product. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from suppliers, or from finished products we purchase from other manufacturers, which we then resell to customers. Often these issues are identified prior to the shipment of the products and may cause delays in shipping products to customers, or even the cancellation of orders by customers. Sometimes, we discover quality issues in the products after they have been shipped to our customers, requiring us to resolve such issues in a timely manner that is the least disruptive to our customers, particularly in light of the mission-critical nature of our products. Any failure or perceived failure of certain mission-critical products and services we develop for use in areas such as defense, public safety and unmanned systems, could result in litigation by persons alleging harm, such as injuries or loss of life, or economic damage, including property damage. Other impacts of any such pre-shipment and post-shipment quality issues or failures or perceived failures of our mission-critical products and services can include legal, financial and reputational ramifications, such as: (i) delays in the recognition of revenue, loss of revenue or future orders, or revenue reversals, (ii) customer-imposed penalties for failure to meet contractual requirements, (iii) increased costs associated with repairing or replacing products, and (iv) a negative impact on our goodwill and brand name reputation. In some cases, if the quality issue affects the product's performance, safety or regulatory compliance, then such a defective product may need to be stop-built , stop-shipped or recalled. Depending on the nature of the quality issue and the number of products in the field, it could cause us to incur substantial recall or corrective field action costs, in addition to the costs associated with the potential loss of future orders and the damage to our goodwill or brand reputation. In addition, we may be required, under certain customer contracts, to pay damages for failed performance that might exceed the revenue that we receive from the contracts. Recalls and field actions involving regulatory non-compliance could also result in fines and additional costs. Recalls and field actions could result in third-party litigation by persons or companies alleging harm or economic damage as a result of the use of the products or services. In addition, privacy advocacy groups and other technology and industry groups have established or may establish various new or different self-regulatory standards that may place additional obligations on us. Our customers may expect us to meet voluntary certifications or adhere to other standards established by third-parties. Alternatively, our customers may expect us to offer products and services to help reduce energy consumption, improve efficiency and minimize greenhouse gas footprints. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could reduce demand for our products and adversely affect our business. Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as software and services, at acceptable prices to meet the demands of our customers and any disruption to our suppliers or significant increase in the price of supplies has had, and could continue to have a negative impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components, as well as software and services, from our suppliers. If demand for our products or services increases from our current expectations or if, as we have experienced in the past, suppliers are unable to meet our demand for other reasons, including as a result of supply chain constraints; natural disasters; trade policy decisions, such as new, expanded or retaliatory tariffs, sanctions, quotas, import/export restrictions or trade barriers (including restrictions around rare earth minerals); financial issues or other factors, we have, and could continue to experience an interruption in supply or a significant increase in the price of supply. Recently, we have experienced increased costs on materials and components as a result of the dynamic global supply chain environment. Mitigation actions that we develop going forward, such as working with our global supply base to mitigate our exposure to such risks, may not be successful in counteracting any such increased costs. We expect that any future supply chain effects could also impact our ability to meet customer demand and negatively impact our results of operations. Our suppliers have in the past, and may continue in the future, to significantly and quickly increase their prices in response to increases in costs related to the manufacture, distribution and/or repair of parts and components. As a result, we may not be able to increase our prices commensurately with our increased costs, which could negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, certain supplies, including for some of our critical components, software and services solutions, are available only from a single source or limited sources and we may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner. Where certain supplies are not available from our direct suppliers, we may be required to move to an alternative source or source certain items through the open market, which involves significantly increased prices that are difficult to forecast or predict. Each of these factors may impact our ability to meet customer demand and could negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. 15 We are exposed to risks under large, multi-year system and services contracts that may negatively impact our business. We enter into large, multi-year system and services contracts with municipal, state, and nationwide government and commercial customers. In some cases, we may not be the prime contractor and may be dependent on other third-parties such as commercial carriers or systems integrators. Our entry into these contracts exposes us to risks, including among others: (i) technological risks, (ii) risk of defaults by third-parties on whom we are relying for products or services as part of our offering or who are the prime contractors, (iii) financial risks, including potential penalties applicable to us if performance commitments in managed services contracts are not met, the estimates inherent in projecting costs associated with such contracts, the fact that such contracts often only receive partial funding initially and may be cancellable on short notice with limited penalties, our inability to recover front-loaded capital expenditures in long-term managed services contracts, the impact of the termination of funding for a government program or the insolvency of a commercial customer, and the impact of currency fluctuations and inflation, (iv) cybersecurity risks, especially in managed services contracts with public safety and enterprise customers that process data, and (v) political, regulatory or litigation risks, especially related to contracts with government customers (such as with our Airwave contract in the U.K.). Our employees, customers, suppliers and outsource partners are located throughout the world and, as a result, we face risks that other companies that are not global may not face. Our customers and suppliers are located throughout the world. In 2025, 28% of our revenue was generated outside of North America. In addition, 49% of our employees were employed outside of North America in 2025. Most of our suppliers' operations are outside the U.S. A significant amount of manufacturing and research and development of our products, as well as administrative and sales facilities, takes place outside of the U.S. If the operations in these facilities are disrupted, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be negatively impacted. Because of these sizable sales and operations outside of the U.S., we have more complexity in our operations and are exposed to a unique set of global risks that could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, including but not limited to: (i) currency fluctuations, including but not limited to increased pressure to agree to established currency conversion rates and cost of living adjustments as a result of foreign currency fluctuations, (ii) import/export regulations, tariffs, trade barriers and trade disputes, customs classifications and certifications, including but not limited to changes in classifications or errors or omissions related to such classifications and certifications, (iii) compliance with and changes in U.S. and non-U.S. laws or regulations related to antitrust and competition (such as the EU Foreign Subsidies Regulation), anti-corruption (such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act), trade and country of origin, labor and employment, environmental, health and safety, technical standards and product regulatory considerations, consumer protection, intellectual property, data privacy and data sovereignty, regulated services such as telecommunications, cybersecurity and AI, and drones and counter-unmanned aircraft systems (UAS), (iv) tax issues, such as tax law changes, variations in tax laws from country to country and as compared to the U.S., obligations under tax incentive agreements, and difficulties in securing local country approvals for cash repatriations, (v) reduced financial flexibility given that a significant percentage of our cash and cash equivalents is currently held outside of the U.S., (vi) challenges in collecting accounts receivable, (vii) cultural and language differences, (viii) instability in economic or political conditions, including inflation, recession, government shutdowns, the imposition of sanctions and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts and terrorism, (ix) natural disasters, (x) public health issues or outbreaks or pandemics and (xi) litigation in foreign court systems and foreign enforcement or administrative proceedings. Further, the benefits we receive under various agreements we have entered into with non-U.S. governments and agencies are tied to the level of operations and/or sales in such foreign jurisdictions. If our operations or sales are not at levels originally anticipated, we may be at risk of having to reimburse benefits already granted, which could increase our cost of doing business in such foreign jurisdictions. Over the last several years, we have utilized third-parties to develop, design and/or manufacture many of our components and some of our products, and to perform portions of certain business operations such as IT, network connectivity, HR information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services. We expect to continue these practices in the future, which limit our control over these business operations and expose us to additional risk as a result of the actions of our outsource partners. We rely on third-parties to develop, design and/or manufacture many of our components and some of our products (including software), and to assist in performing certain IT, network connectivity, HR information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services. As we outsource more of such operations, we are not able to directly control these activities. We could have difficulties fulfilling our orders, our sales and profits could decline, or we could be liable for outsourced actions, exposing us to contractual and regulatory risks, if: (i) we are not able to engage such third-parties with the capabilities or capacities required by our business, (ii) such third-parties lack our desired level of performance or service, lack sufficient quality control or fail to deliver quality components, products, services or software on time and at reasonable prices, (iii) there are significant changes in the financial or business condition of such third-parties, (iv) our third-party providers fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements (such as the Uyghur Forced Labor Protection Act) or fail to timely notify us of information needed for our own compliance, (v) we have difficulties transitioning operations to such third-parties, or (vi) such third-parties are disrupted by external events, such as cyberattacks, natural disasters or extreme weather conditions, public health issues, outbreaks or pandemics, acts of terrorism or political conflicts. 16 Our reliance on third-parties could, in certain instances, result in reputational damage or even disqualify us from sales opportunities with certain government customers. For example, our supply chain is complex and if our suppliers are unable to verify that components and parts provided to us are free of defined conflict minerals originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) or an adjoining country, then we may be required to publicly disclose, as we have disclosed in the past, that we are not currently able to determine if the products we manufactured are DRC conflict-free, which could harm our reputation. Once a business activity is outsourced, we may be contractually prohibited from or may not practically be able to bring such activity back within the Company or move it to another outsource partner. The actions of our outsource partners could result in reputational damage to us and could negatively impact our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows. We utilize the services of subcontractors to perform under many of our contracts and the inability of our subcontractors to perform in a timely and compliant manner or to adhere to our Human Rights Policy could negatively impact our business. We engage subcontractors, including third-party integrators, on many of our contracts and as we expand our technologies, our use of subcontractors has and we anticipate will continue to increase. Our subcontractors may further subcontract performance and may supply third-party products and software from a number of smaller companies. In addition, it is our policy to require our subcontractors and other third-parties with whom we work to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including our Human Rights Policy (and, in addition, for our suppliers to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct). We may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor or its subcontractors and the functionality, warranty and indemnities of products, software and services supplied by our subcontractor. We are not always successful in passing down customer requirements to our subcontractors or a customer may otherwise look to us to cover a loss or damage, and thus in some cases may be required to absorb contractual risks from our customers without corresponding back-to-back coverage from our subcontractor. Our subcontractors may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply, or secure preferred warranty and indemnity coverage from their suppliers, which might result in greater product returns, service problems, warranty claims and costs and regulatory compliance issues. Further, one of our subcontractors or other third-parties subject to our Human Rights Policy could fail to comply with such policies or with applicable law or may engage in unethical business practices. Any of the foregoing could cause orders to be canceled, relationships to be terminated or our reputation to be damaged, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract and retain senior management and key employees, including engineers and other key technical employees, in order to remain competitive. The performance of our CEO, senior management and other key employees such as engineers and other technical employees is critical to our success. If we are unable to retain talented, highly-qualified senior management, engineers and other key employees or attract them when needed, it could negatively impact our business. We rely on the experience of our senior management, most of whom have been with us for many years and as a result have specific knowledge relating to us and our industry that is difficult to replace, and competition for management with experience in the communications industry is intense. A loss of the CEO, a member of senior management, or an engineer or other key employee, particularly to a competitor, could also place us at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, we face increased demands for technical personnel in areas such as software development, which is an area of particularly high demand for skilled employees. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our continued ability to hire, assimilate, retain and leverage the skills of qualified engineers and other highly-skilled personnel needed to develop successful new products or services. In particular, we have faced, and expect to continue to face, intense competition globally for experienced software and cloud computing infrastructure engineers, as well as employees in data science and AI. The compensation and incentives we have available to attract, retain and motivate employees may not meet the expectations of current and prospective employees. Our efforts to attract, develop, integrate, and retain highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications may be compounded by the increased availability of remote working arrangements, which has expanded the pool of companies that can compete for our employees and employment candidates. Further, if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our CEO, senior management and other key employees, our business could be negatively impacted. 17 Evolving and sometimes conflicting expectations from investors, customers, lawmakers, regulators and other stakeholders regarding social and sustainability considerations and disclosures may expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, increased scrutiny from the investment community or enforcement authorities or otherwise adversely impact our business and results of operations. There are evolving and sometimes conflicting expectations from investors, customers, lawmakers, regulators and other stakeholders on social and sustainability considerations and disclosures, including those related to environmental stewardship, climate change, human capital, forced labor, and workplace conduct and the use cases of our products. Regulators have imposed, and may continue to impose, social and sustainability-related legislation, rules and guidance, which may conflict with one another and impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks, including requiring additional reporting that will expand the public's access to our programs and metrics or impose changes to our manufacturing practices, operations and/or product designs. Additionally, some stakeholders may disagree with our goals, initiatives and other actions and the focus of stakeholders may evolve over time. Our business may face higher expectations as well as increased scrutiny related to these activities. Our failure or perceived failure to achieve our goals, further our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with sustainability laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could harm our reputation, adversely impact our ability to attract and retain employees or customers, expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community or enforcement authorities or otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Existing or future legislation and regulations pertaining to AI, AI-enabled products and the use of biometrics (e.g., facial recognition) or other video analytics that apply to us or to our customers may make it more challenging, costly, or in some cases prohibit certain products or services from being offered or modified and subject us to regulatory and litigation risks and potential liabilities, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Current or future legislation and governmental regulations pertaining to AI, AI-enabled products and the use of biometrics or other video analytics may affect how our business is conducted or expose us to unfavorable developments resulting from changes in the regulatory landscape. For example, the AI Act in the EU became law in August 2024, with key obligations applying in stages through August 2027. The AI Act places significant restrictions on the use of AI for real-time biometric identification by law enforcement, and implements significant compliance requirements on the development and use of AI for biometric identification of any kind. Once fully implemented, the AI Act will also place compliance requirements on a variety of other AI uses by law enforcement, as well as on the companies that develop those products, including us. At the same time, the EU is considering several proposals to modify key provisions of the AI Act in order to reduce the burden on businesses, as part of its initiative for regulatory simplification. Other laws related to AI are expected to pass around the globe, including the U.S. and Brazil, in the coming months and years. For example, in recent years, numerous U.S. states considered, and some have adopted, legislation that would establish a comprehensive regulatory framework for the use of AI. Additionally, the EU may enact certain restrictions on the geographic location of AI solutions and domicile location of providers of AI products to customers within the EU. With respect to biometrics and other analytics, laws such as the Biometric Information Privacy Act in Illinois have restricted the collection, use and storage of biometric information and provide a private right of action of persons who are aggrieved by violations of the act. Additionally, laws such as the California automatic license plate recognition ( ALPR ) statute regulate the use of ALPRs and provide a private right of action to persons who have suffered actual damages from violation of the statute, and we expect to see an increase in state ALPR legislation going forward. The Federal Trade Commission has also pursued enforcement actions against companies for the misuse of biometric information and the use of facial recognition technology without implementing appropriate safeguards. Current or future legislation, governmental regulations, and enforcement actions pertaining to biometrics and other analytics have exposed us to, and we expect will continue to expose us to, regulatory and litigation risks. Legislation and governmental regulations related to AI and the use of biometrics and other video analytics may also influence our current and prospective customers activities, as well as their expectations and needs in relation to our products and services. Compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and expensive, and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of compliance and the risk of liability. It is also not clear how existing and future laws and regulations governing issues such as AI, AI-enabled products, biometrics and other video analytics apply or will be enforced with respect to the products and services we sell. Any such increase in costs or increased risk of liability as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation could individually, or in the aggregate, make our products and services that use AI technologies, biometrics or other video analytics less attractive to our customers, cause us to change or limit our business practices or affect our financial condition and operating results. 18 We are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding cybersecurity, privacy, data protection, data sovereignty and information security, which exposes us to increased costs and potential liabilities in the event of any actual or perceived failure to comply with such legal and compliance obligations and could adversely affect our business. Various jurisdictions have adopted or are expected to introduce new laws and regulations regarding cybersecurity, privacy, data protection, data sovereignty and information security which have impacted, or we expect will impact, us by exposing us to increased costs and potential liabilities. With respect to cybersecurity laws and regulations, in the EU and other jurisdictions we are subject to, and expect to continue to become subject to, increasingly stringent and prescriptive cybersecurity legislation mandating the implementation of distinct cybersecurity risk management measures and obligations to demonstrate our compliance through certification or self-attestations. Such legislation typically includes obligations for ensuring the integrity of our supply chain, including supplier-focused cybersecurity obligations. The cybersecurity legal and regulatory environment is complex and continues to evolve across many jurisdictions. Compliance with these laws and regulations exposes us to increased costs and any noncompliance, whether actual or perceived, could result in potential liabilities. With respect to privacy and data protection, the EU's General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) strengthened individual privacy rights and enhanced data protection obligations for processors and controllers of personal data. The GDPR includes expansive disclosures about how personal information is to be used, limitations on retention of information and mandatory data breach notification requirements. Noncompliance with the GDPR can trigger significant fines. U.S. federal, state and other foreign governments and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage, use, processing and disclosure of personal data. Numerous state governments within the U.S. have enacted their own versions of GDPR-like privacy legislation, which has created, and we expect will continue to create, additional compliance challenges, risks, and administrative burdens. A comprehensive U.S. federal privacy law is also in the process of being drafted by the House Privacy Working Group. This, as well as other standalone federal bills, could restrict the ability of companies to collect, store and sell certain types of data, as well as restrict the ability of law enforcement to collect, use and purchase data from companies (for example, ALPR data). It is possible that a one-size fits all compliance program may be difficult to achieve and manage globally, and that we will be forced to comply with a patchwork of inconsistent privacy regulations. Several other countries in which we operate have established legal requirements for cross-border data transfers. There is also an increasing trend towards data localization policies. Cloud-based solutions may be subject to further regulation with respect to data localization requirements and restrictions on the international transfer of data. If countries implement more restrictive regulations for cross-border personal data transfers (or customers do not permit personal data to leave the country of origin), it could affect the manner in which we provide our services or the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, which could adversely impact our business. Because the interpretation and application of cybersecurity, privacy, data protection, data sovereignty and information security laws and regulations are complex and still uncertain, it is possible that they may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing practices or the features of our products, software and services. Any failure or perceived failure by us, our business partners, or third-party service providers to comply with such laws and regulations, or applicable commitments in contracts, could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others and significant fines and penalties, and adversely affect our business. Government regulation of radio frequencies may limit the growth of private, public safety and government narrowband and broadband systems or reduce barriers to entry for new competitors. Radio spectrum is required to provide wireless voice, data, and video communications services. The allocation of frequencies is regulated in the U.S. and other countries and limited spectrum is allocated to wireless services, including commercial, public safety and government users. The global demand for wireless communications has grown exponentially, and spurred competition for access among various networks and users. In response, regulators are reassessing the allocations of spectrum among users, including public safety users, and considering whether to change the allocation of certain spectrum bands from narrowband to broadband use, or to require sharing of spectrum bands. Our results could be negatively affected by the rules and regulations adopted by regulators. Our products operate both on licensed and unlicensed spectrum. The loss of available radio spectrum may result in the loss of business opportunities. Regulatory changes in current spectrum bands (e.g., the sharing of previously dedicated or other spectrum) may require modifications to some of our products so they can continue to be manufactured and marketed. 19 A portion of our business is dependent upon U.S. government contracts and grants, which have availability of funding, spending levels and priorities that could change, are highly regulated and subject to disclosure obligations and oversight audits by U.S. government representatives and subject to cancellations. Any such changes in availability of funding, spending levels and priorities, disclosure events, audits or noncompliance with such regulations and laws could result in adverse findings and negatively impact our business. Our business with U.S. government customers depends, in part, upon our customers continued expenditures on programs in areas we support such as law enforcement and national security. These expenditures have not remained constant over time, have been and in the future may be reduced in certain periods, and have been and in the future may be affected by efforts to reduce costs generally. Our business with U.S. government customers has been negatively impacted in the past, and may continue to be negatively impacted in the future, by certain of the following factors, among others: Government budgetary constraints and decreases or changes in available funding; Budget uncertainty, government shutdowns and other potential delays or changes in appropriations or other funding authorization processes; Reductions in overall defense spending or a shift in expenditures away from the government customers we support; The political environment, changes in national and international priorities and macroeconomic conditions; and Changes in public perception of the accuracy of our technology and the appropriate use of our technology by government customers. Our business with or funded by the U.S. government is subject to specific laws and regulations with numerous and unique compliance requirements relating to formation, administration and performance of U.S. federal or federally funded contracts. These requirements, which may increase or change over time, may increase our performance and compliance costs thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Changes to these compliance requirements could result in our inability to renew or perform under certain contracts. Violations or other failures to comply with these laws, regulations or other compliance requirements could lead to terminations for default, suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time or other adverse actions. Such laws, regulations or other compliance requirements include those related to procurement integrity, export control, U.S. government security and information security regulations, supply chain and sourcing requirements and restrictions, employment practices, protection of criminal justice data, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs, foreign corruption, Trade Agreements Act, Buy America Act, other domestic content requirements, and the False Claims Act. Generally, in the U.S., government contracts and grants are subject to certain voluntary or mandatory disclosure obligations, certifications and oversight audits by government representatives. Such disclosures, certifications or audits could negatively affect or result in adjustments to our contracts. For contracts covered by the Cost Accounting Standards, any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract may not be allowed, and such costs already reimbursed may have to be refunded. Future disclosures, audits and adjustments, if required, may materially reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and final negotiation of such disclosure events or audits. Negative disclosure or audit findings could also result in investigations, termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits or reimbursements, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government. All contracts with the U.S. government can be terminated for convenience by the government at any time. Certain of the services we offer are subject to telecommunications regulations in various jurisdictions, which expose us to increased costs to address compliance obligations and potential liability in the event of any failure to comply with such regulations, which could result in fines and penalties, reputational harm and adversely affect our business. We are a provider of certain services that include telecommunications in the U.S., including selective routing services for 911 calls. As such, we are subject to certain Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and possible state regulations relating to telecommunications, including some certification or licensing, service reliability, and regulatory fee requirements. If we do not comply with these regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions, fines, and possibly loss of certifications or licenses to operate or offer certain of our services that are regulated telecommunications. Any enforcement action, which may be a public process, could also damage our reputation and erode customer trust. Additionally, we are subject to regulations in certain foreign countries where we offer services that include telecommunications or other types of communications services. For example, we are registered to provide WAVE PTX push-to-talk offerings, with and without telecommunications connectivity, in certain countries internationally. Local laws and regulations, and the interpretation of such laws and regulations, can differ significantly among the jurisdictions in which we provide these services. In some countries, certain services that we offer are not considered to be regulated communications services, while in other countries they are subject to regulations, including registration with the local telecommunications governing authority, which increases the level of scrutiny and potential for enforcement by regulators as well as our cost of doing business internationally. Further, enforcement and interpretations of the laws and regulations in some countries can be unpredictable and subject to the informal views of government officials. Failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties, additional compliance obligations or liabilities, loss of authority to provide regulated services, and reputational harm, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, it is possible that regulations in any of these jurisdictions may be changed, expanded or interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing practices. Future applicable legislative, regulatory or judicial actions could increase the cost and complexity of our compliance and increase our exposure to potential liability. 20 We are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety, and environmental product compliance and remediation laws that continue to expand and could impact our ability to grow our business, could subject us to unexpected costs and liabilities and could impact our financial performance. Our operations and the products we manufacture are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety, and environmental product compliance and remediation laws. Compliance with such existing or future laws could subject us to future costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, restrict what products and services we can offer, and generally impact our financial performance. Some of these laws are environmental and relate to the use, disposal, cleanup of, and exposure to certain substances. For example, in the U.S., laws often require parties to fund remedial studies or actions regardless of fault and oftentimes in response to actions or omissions that were legal at the time they occurred. We continue to incur disposal costs and have ongoing remediation obligations, including those resulting from previously or newly discovered environmental issues located at discontinued Company facilities and waste disposal sites formerly used by Company facilities, as well as current and former facilities of companies that we acquire. Changes to environmental laws or our discovery of additional obligations under these laws could have a negative impact on our financial performance. Laws focused on: (i) the energy efficiency of electronic products and accessories, (ii) recycling of both electronic products and packaging, (iii) reducing or eliminating certain hazardous substances in electronic products, (iv) the use and transportation of batteries, and (v) debt collection and other consumer finance matters continue to expand significantly. There are also demanding and rapidly changing laws around the globe related to issues such as radio interference, radio frequency radiation exposure, medical related functionality, use of products with video functionality, and consumer and social mandates pertaining to use of wireless or electronic equipment. These laws, and changes to these laws, could have a substantial impact on whether we can offer certain products, solutions and services, on product costs, and on what capabilities and characteristics our products or services can or must include, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. Tax matters could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign tax jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability may be negatively impacted by: (i) changes in the mix of earnings taxable in jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, (ii) changes in tax laws and accounting principles, (iii) changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, (iv) changes in available tax credits, (v) discovery of new information during the course of tax return preparation, (vi) increases in non-deductible expenses, or (vii) repatriating cash held abroad. While the 2025 enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ( OBBBA ) introduced several taxpayer-favorable provisions, such as the restoration of immediate expensing for qualified domestic research and experimental expenditures, it has also added complexity to the U.S. tax code. For example, the interplay between new domestic incentives and modified international provisions, without future comprehensive administrative guidance, creates complexity with respect to our compliance with the OBBBA. Any future guidance or interpretations of the OBBBA, or any actual or perceived noncompliance with the OBBBA by us, could result in an increase to our U.S. tax liability and a resulting adverse impact on our future operating results. Tax audits may also negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to continued examination of our income tax returns, and tax authorities may disagree with our tax positions and assess additional tax. We regularly evaluate the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Outcomes from these continuing examinations may have a negative impact on our future financial condition and operating results. Certain tax policy efforts, including the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project, the European Commission s state aid investigations, and other initiatives could have an adverse effect on the taxation of international businesses. Furthermore, many of the countries where we are subject to taxes, including the U.S., are independently evaluating their tax policy and we may see significant changes in legislation and regulations concerning taxation. Certain countries have already enacted legislation, which could affect international businesses, and other countries have become more aggressive in their approach to audits and enforcement of their applicable tax laws. Such changes, to the extent they are brought into tax legislation, regulations, policies, or practices, could increase our effective tax rates in many of the countries where we have operations and have an adverse effect on our overall tax rate, along with increasing the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance, all of which could impact our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 21 Risks Related to Information Technology and Intellectual Property Increased cybersecurity threats could lead to a security breach or other significant disruption of our IT systems, those of our outsource partners, suppliers or those we manufacture, install, and in some cases operate and maintain for our customers, and could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. We rely extensively on our information systems to manage our business operations. We are subject to attempts to compromise our information technology systems from both internal and external sources. Like all information technology systems, our systems have been in the past, and could be in the future, vulnerable to damage, unauthorized access or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to, cyberattacks, cyber intrusions, computer viruses, security breaches, denial-of-service attacks, ransomware or other malware, energy blackouts, natural disasters and severe weather conditions, terrorism, sabotage, wars, insider threats, human errors and computer and telecommunication failures. As a provider of mission-critical physical security products and services for public safety, defense and enterprise customers in the U.S. and globally, including systems that we operate and maintain for certain customers of ours or as a software-based service, we face additional risk as a potential target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising both our company s and our customers sensitive information and intellectual property. This risk is heightened because these systems may contain sensitive governmental information or personally identifiable or other protected information. Our vulnerability and that of our third-party vendors to cyber and other information technology risks may also be increased by factors such as cyberattacks related to geopolitical conflicts (which may be heightened by our global presence). Additionally, the volume, frequency and sophistication of these threats (including through the use of AI) continues to grow and the complexity and scale of the systems to be protected continues to increase. As we continue to integrate the use of AI to enhance our accounting operations and help improve employee productivity and efficiency, we also face enhanced risks and challenges related to cybersecurity and information technology. Like other enterprise software companies, we also use open source software from time to time, which may be more susceptible to vulnerabilities that may not be identified with scanning tools. In an effort to protect against such attacks, we maintain insurance related to cybersecurity risks and employ a number of countermeasures and security controls, including training, audits, encryption, and utilization of commercial information security threat sharing networks. If we fail to effectively manage our cybersecurity, our business, products, and services could suffer from the resulting weaknesses in our infrastructure, systems or controls. Further, our company outsources certain business operations, including, but not limited to IT, network connectivity, HR information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services. We are dependent, in certain instances, upon our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our IT systems and those IT systems that we manage for our customers, including the hosts of our cloud infrastructure on top of which our cloud-based solutions are built, as well as the network connectivity upon which some of our services are built. Some of our customers are exploring broadband solutions that use public carrier networks on which our solutions would operate. We do not have direct oversight or influence over how public carrier networks manage the security, quality, or resiliency of their networks, and because they are an attractive high value target due to their role in critical infrastructure, they expose customers to an elevated risk over our private networks. In addition, we maintain certain networked equipment at customer locations and are reliant on those customers to protect and maintain that equipment. A cyberattack or other significant disruption involving our IT systems or those of our outsource partners, suppliers or our customers could result in substantial costs to repair or replace our IT systems or the loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability, or that of our customers, to perform critical functions. Such disruption may also result in the unauthorized release of proprietary, confidential or sensitive information of us or our customers, or the disruption of services provided to customers and essential for their mission. Such unauthorized access to, or release of, information or disruption of services could: (i) allow others to unfairly compete with us, (ii) compromise safety or security, given the mission-critical nature of our customers systems, (iii) subject us to claims for breach of contract, tort, and other civil claims without adequate indemnification from our suppliers, (iv) subject us to time-intensive notification requirements, (v) damage our reputation, and (vi) require us to provide modifications or replacements to our products and services. Our potential liability related to such claims by customers or third-parties described above may not be contractually capped nor fully covered by our insurance, and our insurance coverage may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. We could face regulatory penalties, enforcement actions, remediation obligations and/or private litigation by parties whose data is improperly disclosed or misused. Any or all of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. 22 If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, or if we, our customers and/or our suppliers are found to have infringed intellectual property rights of third-parties, our competitive position, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted. Our intellectual property rights protect our innovations and technology, and they may also generate income under license agreements. We attempt to protect our proprietary technology with intellectual property in the form of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements and other methods. We also generally restrict access to and distribution of our proprietary information. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third-party to obtain and use our proprietary information or develop similar technology independently. As we expand our business, including through acquisitions, and compete with new competitors in new markets, the breadth and strength of our intellectual property portfolio in those new markets may not be as developed as in our longer-standing businesses. This may expose us to a heightened risk of litigation and other challenges from competitors in these new markets. In addition, effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in certain foreign countries. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights by third-parties and the cost of any litigation necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our financial results and competitive position. Additionally, because our products are comprised of complex technology, we have been in the past, and may be in the future, involved in or impacted by assertions, including both requests for licenses and litigation, regarding third-party patents and other intellectual property rights. For example, the development of products operable in accordance with industry standards, such as those related to 4G, 5G, Wi-Fi, audio, video, or various other wireless technologies, may result in third-party patent royalty demands. Third-parties have asserted, and in the future may assert, intellectual property infringement claims against us and against our customers and suppliers, seeking a percentage of sales as license fees, broad injunctive relief, or a combination thereof. Many of these assertions are brought by non-practicing entities ("NPEs"), whose principal business model is to secure patent licensing-based revenue from product manufacturing companies. Recent policy changes by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office related to the Patent Trial and Appeal Board s inter partes review process could also lead to an increase in such litigation filed by NPEs. Defending claims may be expensive and divert the time and efforts of our management and employees. If we do not succeed in any such litigation, we could be required to pay significant damages, develop non-infringing products or obtain licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of such litigation, each of which could have a negative impact on our competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. Such licenses, if available at all, may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. In some cases, we might be forced to stop delivering certain products if we or our customers or suppliers are subject to a final injunction. We face risks relating to intellectual property licenses and intellectual property indemnities in our customer and supplier contracts, which may fail to fully protect us and subject us to unexpected liabilities or harm our financial condition and results of operations. We obtain some technology from suppliers through the purchase of components or licensing of software, and we attempt to negotiate favorable intellectual property indemnities with our suppliers for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. With respect to such indemnities, we may not be successful in our negotiations, a supplier's indemnity may not fully protect us or cover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers due to the infringing products, or a supplier may not choose to obtain a third-party license or modify or replace its products with non-infringing products which would otherwise mitigate such damages and losses. Such situations may subject us to unexpected liabilities or unfavorable conditions. Further, we may not be able to participate in intellectual property litigation involving a supplier and may not be able to influence any ultimate resolution or outcome that may negatively impact our sales or operations if a court enters an injunction that enjoins the supplier's products or if the International Trade Commission issues an exclusionary order that blocks importation of our products into the U.S. Intellectual property disputes involving our suppliers have resulted in our involvement in International Trade Commission proceedings from time to time. These proceedings are costly and entail the risk that we will be subjected to a ban on the importation of our products into the U.S. solely as a result of our use of a supplier's components. In addition, our customers increasingly demand that we indemnify them broadly from all damages and losses resulting from intellectual property litigation against them. These demands may stem from NPEs that engage in patent enforcement and litigation, sometimes seeking royalties and litigation judgments in proportion to the value of the use of our products, rather than in proportion to the cost of our products. Such demands can amount to many times the selling price of our products. Further, competitors may be able to negotiate significantly more favorable terms for intellectual property than we are able to, which puts them at a competitive advantage. Moreover, with respect to our internally developed proprietary software, we may be harmed if we are forced to make publicly available, under the relevant open-source licenses, some of that proprietary software as a result of either our use of open-source software code or the use of third-party software that contains open-source code. 23 We no longer own certain logos and other trademarks, trade names and service marks, including MOTOROLA, MOTO, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS and the Stylized M logo and all derivatives and formatives thereof ( Motorola Marks ) and we license the Motorola Marks from Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC ( MTH ), which is currently owned by Motorola Mobility, a subsidiary of Lenovo. Our joint use of the Motorola Marks could result in product and market confusion and negatively impact our ability to expand business under the Motorola brand. In addition, if we do not comply with the terms of the license agreement we could lose our rights to the Motorola Marks. In 2010, we secured a worldwide, perpetual and royalty-free license from MTH to use the Motorola Marks as part of our corporate name and in connection with the manufacture, sale, and marketing of our current products and services. The license of the Motorola Marks is important to us because of the reputation of the Motorola brand for our products and services. There are risks associated with both Motorola Mobility and us using the Motorola Marks and our loss of ownership of the Motorola Marks. As both we and Motorola Mobility use the Motorola Marks, confusion could arise in the market, including customer confusion regarding the products offered by and the actions of the two companies. Also, any negative publicity associated with either company in the future could adversely affect the public image of the other. Motorola Mobility was acquired by Lenovo in 2014, which resulted in Lenovo having effective control over the Motorola Marks. Our risks under the license could increase if Lenovo expands its use of the Motorola Marks, or if our products and those of Lenovo converge. In addition, because our license of the Motorola Marks is limited to products and services within our specified fields of use, we are not permitted to use the Motorola Marks in other fields of use without the approval of Motorola Mobility. As we continue to expand our business into any other fields of use, we either must do so with a brand other than the Motorola brand, which could take considerable time and expense, or assume the risk that our expanded fields don t meet the definition of permitted fields of use under our license, which could result in loss of our rights to use the Motorola Marks. We could lose our rights to use the Motorola Marks if we do not comply with the terms of the license agreement. Such a loss could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, MTH has certain rights to license the brand to third-parties and either Motorola Mobility or licensed third-parties may use the brand in ways that make the brand less attractive for customers of Motorola Solutions, creating increased risk that Motorola Solutions may need to develop an alternate or additional brand. Motorola Mobility may require us to adopt modifications to the Motorola Marks, and this could negatively impact our business, including costs associated with rebranding. Neither Motorola Mobility nor Lenovo is prohibited from selling the Motorola Marks. In the event of a liquidation by Lenovo or the then-owner of the Motorola Marks, it is possible that a bankruptcy court would either (i) permit the Motorola Marks to be assigned to a third-party whose interests may be incompatible with ours, thereby potentially making the license arrangement difficult to administer and increasing the costs and risks of sharing the Motorola Marks, or (ii) refuse to uphold the license or certain of its terms, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Financial Performance or Economic Conditions As we are a global company, we face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions in the markets in which we operate that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Global economic and political conditions continue to be challenging for many of our government and enterprise markets, as economic growth in many countries has remained low or declined, currency fluctuations have impacted profitability, credit markets have remained tight for certain counterparties of ours and some of our customers are dependent on government grants to fund purchases of our products and services. In addition, global conflicts, as well as the results of elections or other political conditions such as government shutdowns, have created, and could create in the future, many economic and political uncertainties that impact worldwide markets, including impacts relating to trade policy decisions, such as new or increased tariffs or retaliatory measures imposed or proposed by governments and their trade partners, potential trade wars and related legal challenges or prolonged uncertainty in trade relationships, and threats to national security vulnerabilities linked to country of origin. The length of time these adverse economic and political conditions may persist is unknown. 24 These global economic and political conditions have impacted and could continue to impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in a number of ways, including: Requests by certain of our customers that we provide vendor financing, including in response to financial challenges surrounding state and local governments, which may cause us to retain exposure to the credit quality of our customers who we finance if we are unable to sell these receivables on terms acceptable to us. The inability of certain of our customers to obtain financing in order to make purchases from us and/or maintain their business, which may negatively impact our financial results. Challenges we face in budgeting and forecasting due to economic uncertainties in various parts of the U.S. and world economy, which could negatively impact our financial results if such budgets or forecasts are inaccurate. Deferment or cancellation of purchases and orders by customers may occur due to uncertainty about current and future global economic conditions, which could reduce future demand for our products and negatively impact our financial results. Intensifying political instability in a number of markets in which we operate could have a significant impact on our ability to grow and, in some cases, operate in such locations, which could negatively impact our financial results. We may not continue to have access to the capital markets for financing on acceptable terms and conditions, particularly if our credit ratings are downgraded, which could limit our ability to repay our indebtedness and could cause liquidity issues. From time to time we access the capital markets to obtain financing. Our access to the capital markets and the bank loan markets at acceptable terms and conditions are impacted by many factors, including: (i) our credit ratings, (ii) the condition of the overall capital markets, (iii) strength and credit availability in the banking markets, and (iv) the state of the global economy. In addition, we frequently access the credit markets to obtain performance bonds, bid bonds, standby letters of credit and surety bonds, as well as to hedge foreign exchange risk and sell receivables. Furthermore, we may not be able to refinance our existing indebtedness (i) on commercially reasonable terms, (ii) on terms, including with respect to interest rates, as favorable as our current debt, or (iii) at all. We may not continue to have access to the capital markets or bank credit markets on terms acceptable to us and if we are unable to repay or refinance our debt, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to generate enough cash flows from operations or that we will be able to obtain enough capital to service our debt, fund our planned capital expenditures or pay future dividends. We are rated investment grade by all three national rating agencies. Any downward changes by the rating agencies to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities. Under certain circumstances, an increase in the interest rate payable by us under our credit and term loan facilities, if any amounts are borrowed under any such facility, could negatively affect our operating cash flows. In addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our ability to: (i) access the capital markets or bank credit markets, (ii) issue commercial paper, (iii) provide performance bonds, bid bonds, standby letters of credit and surety bonds, (iv) hedge foreign exchange risk, (v) fund our foreign affiliates, (vi) sell receivables, and (vii) obtain favorable trade terms with suppliers. In addition, we may avoid taking actions that would otherwise benefit us or our stockholders, such as engaging in certain acquisitions or engaging in stock repurchases, that would negatively impact our credit rating. Our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations on cross-border transactions and the translation of local currency results into U.S. dollars could negatively impact our results of operations. We conduct business through our subsidiaries in many different countries, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a significant impact on our reported consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, which are presented in U.S. dollars. Cross-border transactions, both with external parties and intercompany relationships, result in increased exposure to foreign exchange effects. Accordingly, significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the Euro, British pound, Australian dollar and Canadian dollar, has had in the past, and could continue to, cause fluctuations in the reported results of our businesses operations that could negatively affect our results of operations. Additionally, the strengthening of certain currencies such as the U.S. dollar potentially exposes us to competitive threats from lower cost producers in other countries. Our sales are translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar has in the past, and could continue to, negatively affect our results of operations. Returns on pension and retirement plan assets and interest rate changes could affect our earnings and cash flows in future periods. We have underfunded pension obligations, in part resulting from the fact that we retained almost all of the U.S. pension liabilities and a major portion of our non-U.S. pension liabilities following our past divestitures. The funding position of our pension plans is affected by the performance of the financial markets, particularly the equity and debt markets, and the interest rates used to calculate our pension obligations for funding and expense purposes. Minimum annual pension contributions are determined by government regulations and calculated based upon our pension funding status, interest rates, and other factors. If the financial markets perform poorly, we have been and could be required to make additional large contributions. The equity and debt markets can be volatile, and therefore our estimate of future contribution requirements can change dramatically in relatively short periods of time. Similarly, changes in interest rates can affect our contribution requirements. In volatile capital market environments, the uncertainty of material changes in future minimum required contributions increases. 25 
