. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impact us, our business, our bitcoin holdings, or our securities. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the market price of our class A common stock and our Preferred Stock, which we refer to collectively as our listed securities, could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. On August 7, 2024, we completed a 10-for-1 stock split of our class A and class B common stock. See Note 2(a), Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation, to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for further information. As a result of the stock split, all applicable share and per share information presented within this Item 1A. RISK FACTORS has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split for all periods presented. Risks Related to Our Business in General Our operating results, revenues, and expenses may fluctuate significantly, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our listed securities For many reasons, including those described below, our operating results, revenues, and expenses have varied in the past and may vary significantly in the future from quarter to quarter and year to year. As a result, comparisons of our operating results from one period to the next are not a good indication of our future performance. These fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our listed securities. Fluctuations in Operating Results. Our operating results may fluctuate, in part, as a result of: fluctuations in the price of bitcoin, of which we have significant holdings and with respect to which we expect to continue to make significant future purchases, and potential related fair value changes; any sales by us of our bitcoin at prices above or below their carrying value, which would result in our recording gains or losses upon sale of our bitcoin; the incurrence of tax liabilities with respect to our bitcoin; regulatory, commercial, and technical developments related to bitcoin or the Bitcoin blockchain, or digital assets more generally; the incurrence of additional dividend obligations on our outstanding Preferred Stock or newly issued preferred stock or fixed interest charges on outstanding or additional indebtedness; the impact of war, terrorism, infectious diseases, natural disasters and other global events, and governmental responses to such events, on the global economy and the market for and price of bitcoin; significant changes to our software business, including significant changes in our software sales or operating expenses, or the timing of announcements of new offerings or research and development projects by us or our competitors; and our profitability and expectations for future profitability and their effect on our deferred tax balances and net income for the period in which any adjustment to our net deferred tax asset valuation allowance may be made, as well as increases or decreases in our unrecognized tax benefits. Limited Ability to Adjust Expenses. We base our operating expense budgets on expected revenue trends and our strategic objectives. Many of our expenses, such as dividend obligations on our outstanding Preferred Stock, interest expense on our debt, tax liabilities, office leases and certain personnel costs, are relatively fixed in the short term. We do not expect the cash generated by our software operations to be sufficient to cover such expenses, and we expect to use cash proceeds from sales of our class A common stock under our ATM, cash we hold in the USD Reserve and cash proceeds from additional equity or debt financings (including, but not limited to, ATMs of our STRC Stock, STRK Stock, or STRD Stock, as applicable) to pay our expenses and satisfy our liquidity needs that are in excess of our operating cash flows. If we deplete our USD Reserve and are unable to secure equity or debt financing in a timely manner, on favorable terms, or at all, we may be required to sell bitcoin to satisfy our financial obligations. Such actions could cause significant variation in our operating results in any quarter. Based on the above factors, we believe quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year comparisons of our operating results are not a good indication of our future performance. For example, during consecutive quarters in 2025 we experienced a quarter with gains on digital assets followed by a quarter with losses on digital assets, and vice versa. The price of bitcoin and our 19 results have fluctuated similarly during other periods, and we expect they will continue to fluctuate significantly in future periods. Additionally, for the reasons described above, it is possible that in one or more future quarters or years, our operating results may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In that event, the market price of our listed securities may decline. We may not be able to regain profitability in future periods As of January 1, 2025, we have adopted ASU 2023-08, pursuant to which we are required to recognize increases or decreases in fair value of our digital assets as incurred in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Our unrealized loss on digital assets for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 was $5.40 billion, partially offset by $1.55 billion in deferred tax benefit. We may not be able to regain profitability in future periods, particularly if we incur significant unrealized losses related to our digital assets, which will depend on the price of bitcoin at the end of the applicable period. As a result, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, unrealized gains on digital assets do not generate cash. For example, we reported significant unrealized gains on digital assets during the six-month period ended June 30, 2025; however, we experienced negative cash flow for that period, and we may continue to experience significant negative cash flow notwithstanding future unrealized gains on digital assets unless we sell our bitcoin or otherwise generate cash from our bitcoin holdings. As of December 31, 2025, we had deferred tax liabilities with respect to the unrealized gain on our bitcoin holdings of approximately $2.42 billion. Our deferred tax liabilities were partially offset by deferred tax assets, such as net operating losses and capitalized research and development costs. As of December 31, 2025, the cost basis of the bitcoin we held was less than its fair market value. However as of the date of this report, the cost basis of the bitcoin we hold exceeds its fair market value. If the fair market value of bitcoin declines as of the end of any future period from the end of the prior period, our deferred tax liability with respect to unrealized gains, if any, on our bitcoin holdings will decrease and we may be required to establish additional valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. If the fair market value of bitcoin declines to the point where the cost basis of the bitcoin we hold exceeds its fair market value as of the end of any future period, the deferred tax liability with respect to the unrealized gains would be reversed and a deferred tax asset for the unrealized loss would be recorded and we would be required to establish a valuation allowance against all of our US federal and state deferred tax assets. Such increases in valuation allowances could materially and adversely affect net income in periods in which such charges are incurred. A significant decrease in the fair market value of our bitcoin holdings could adversely affect our ability to satisfy our financial obligations or liquidity needs For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, our enterprise analytics software business did not generate positive cash flow from operations, and we do not expect our enterprise analytics software business to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy our financial obligations or liquidity needs over the next twelve months. As of December 31, 2025, our outstanding indebtedness was $8.25 billion, and our annual contractual interest expense was $36.2 million. Additionally, as of February 13, 2026, we had outstanding $8.47 billion aggregate notional value of Preferred Stock. Our outstanding Preferred Stock accrues dividends payable, as and if declared by our board of directors, out of funds legally available for their payment: in the case of STRF Stock, STRE Stock and STRK Stock, quarterly in arrears on a cumulative basis; in the case of STRD Stock, quarterly in arrears on a non-cumulative basis; and in the case of STRC Stock, monthly in arrears on a cumulative basis. See the Liquidity and Capital Resources section under Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further information regarding such dividend obligations. As part of our bitcoin strategy, we expect to incur or continue to incur additional indebtedness and fixed charges, and we expect to issue additional preferred stock. On December 1, 2025, we announced the establishment of the USD Reserve, a management-designated portion of our liquidity intended to support the payment of dividends on our preferred stock and interest on our outstanding indebtedness. As of February 13, 2026, we held $2.25 billion in our USD Reserve. We intend to satisfy our financial obligations and liquidity needs, including repayment of principal and payment of interest on our debt and cash dividends on our preferred stock, primarily through proceeds from proceeds from sales of our class A common stock under our ATM. We may also fund such dividends using cash we hold in the USD Reserve and cash proceeds from additional equity or debt financings, including, but not limited to, ATMs of our STRC Stock, STRK Stock, or STRD Stock, as applicable. Our ability to obtain equity or debt financing may depend on, among other factors, the value of our bitcoin holdings, investor sentiment and the general public perception of bitcoin, our strategy and our value proposition. Accordingly, a significant decline in the fair market value of our bitcoin holdings or a negative shift in these other factors may create liquidity and credit risks, as such a decline or such shifts may adversely impact our ability to secure sufficient equity or debt financing to maintain the USD Reserve at targeted levels and to satisfy our financial obligations and liquidity needs. These risks could materialize at times when bitcoin is trading below its carrying value on our most recent balance sheet or our cost basis. 20 Although the establishment of the USD Reserve is intended to reduce the likelihood that we will need to sell some of our bitcoin holdings to fund our financial obligations and liquidity needs, bitcoin continues to constitute the vast bulk of assets on our balance sheet. If we deplete our USD Reserve and we are unable to secure equity or debt financing in a timely manner, on favorable terms, or at all, we may be required to sell bitcoin to satisfy our financial obligations or liquidity needs, and we may be required to make such sales at prices below our cost basis or on terms that are otherwise unfavorable. Any such sale of bitcoin may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, and could impair our ability to secure additional equity or debt financing in the future. If we are unable to raise equity or debt financing or sell our bitcoin to raise proceeds sufficient to satisfy our financial obligations or liquidity needs, including our debt service and cash dividend payments on our preferred stock, we could be in default under such obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. See Risks Related to Our Outstanding and Potential Future Indebtedness and Risks Related to Our Preferred Stock for additional details about the risks which may impact us if we are unable to satisfy our debt service and cash dividend obligations. We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities We are subject to income taxes and non-income taxes in a variety of domestic and foreign jurisdictions. Our future income tax liability could be materially adversely affected by earnings that are lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates, earnings that are higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of our unrecognized tax benefits, or changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, or interpretations thereof. In addition, if we were to sell any of our bitcoin at prices greater than the cost basis of the bitcoin sold, we would incur a tax liability with respect to any gain recognized, and such tax liability could be material. Changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise, including as a result of the project undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) and the Group of Twenty ( G20 ) to combat base erosion and profit shifting ( BEPS ), including the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on BEPS and the Two-Pillar Solution (such as the Pillar Two global minimum tax rules). The OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework, which represents a group of participating jurisdictions, has issued recommendations and related guidance that, in some cases, make substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax positions and principles. These changes, many of which have been adopted or are under active consideration by participating jurisdictions and/or other countries, could increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes. After enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, most of our income is taxable in the U.S. with a significant portion taxable under the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income regime (or the Net Controlled Foreign Corporation "CFC" Tested Income regime after enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025). As used herein, "CFC" means controlled foreign corporation. Beginning in fiscal year 2026, the deduction allowable under the Net CFC Tested Income regime will decrease from 50% to 40%, which will increase the effective tax rate imposed on our income. The U.S. also enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ( IRA ) in August 2022. The IRA imposes (i) a 1% excise tax on certain stock repurchases made by publicly traded U.S. corporations, and (ii) a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax ( CAMT ) on a corporation with respect to an initial tax year and subsequent tax years, if the average annual adjusted financial statement income ( AFSI ) for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the initial tax year exceeds $1 billion. On September 30, 2025, the Department of the Treasury ( Treasury ) and IRS issued interim guidance ( Interim Guidance ) which, in relevant part, clarifies that a corporation may disregard unrealized gains and losses on its digital asset holdings when computing AFSI (if such assets are measured at fair value for financial statement income purposes but are not marked to market for regular tax purposes) for purposes of determining whether it is subject to the CAMT. The Treasury and IRS intend to issue revised proposed regulations similar to the Interim Guidance. Pursuant to the Interim Guidance, we plan to exclude any unrealized gains and losses on our bitcoin holdings from the calculation of our AFSI for purposes of determining whether we are subject to CAMT. As a result, we do not expect to become subject to CAMT due to unrealized gains on our bitcoin holdings, if any. However, if the Interim Guidance is revoked or if the proposed or final regulations, when published or adopted, do not provide for this or similar relief, we could become subject to the CAMT in the future if we have significant unrealized gains on our bitcoin holdings. If we become subject to these new taxes under the IRA, it could result in a material tax obligation, which we would need to satisfy in cash, which in turn could materially affect our financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. Further, other existing domestic or foreign tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances, could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied in a manner that negatively impacts us. Our determination of our tax liability is subject to review by applicable domestic and foreign tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of such reviews could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and there are many transactions and calculations, including in respect of transactions involving bitcoin, where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Moreover, as a multinational business, we have subsidiaries that engage in many intercompany transactions in a variety of tax jurisdictions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 21 We also have contingent tax liabilities that, in management s judgment, are not probable of assertion. If such unasserted contingent liabilities were to be asserted, or become probable of assertion, we may be required to record significant expenses and liabilities in the period in which these liabilities are asserted or become probable of assertion. As a result of these and other factors, the ultimate amount of tax obligations owed may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and any such difference may materially affect our financial results in future periods in which we change our estimates of our tax obligations or in which the ultimate tax outcome is determined. Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to various risks, including risks associated with bitcoin Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to various risks, including the following: Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset that has traded below $65,000 per bitcoin and above $120,000 per bitcoin on the Coinbase exchange (our principal market for bitcoin) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Annual Report. The trading price of bitcoin significantly decreased during prior periods, and such declines may occur again in the future. Bitcoin does not pay interest or dividends. Bitcoin does not pay interest or other returns and we can only generate cash from our bitcoin holdings if we sell our bitcoin or implement strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate cash by using our bitcoin holdings. Even if we pursue any such strategies, we may be unable to create income streams or otherwise generate cash from our bitcoin holdings, and any such strategies may subject us to additional risks. Our bitcoin holdings significantly impact our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. Our bitcoin holdings have significantly affected our financial results and if we continue to increase our overall holdings of bitcoin in the future, they will have an even greater impact on our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. For further details, see Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings-Our historical financial statements prior to March 31, 2025 do not reflect the potential variability in earnings that we have experienced to date and may experience in the future relating to our bitcoin holdings. Our assets are concentrated in bitcoin. The vast bulk of our assets are concentrated in our bitcoin holdings. The concentration of our assets in bitcoin limits our ability to mitigate risk that could otherwise be achieved by holding a more diversified portfolio of assets. Our bitcoin strategy relies substantially on our ability to complete equity and debt financings. Substantially all of our bitcoin purchases have been made using proceeds from equity and debt financings. Our ability to achieve the objectives of our bitcoin strategy depends in significant part on our ability to obtain equity and debt financing. If we are unable to obtain equity or debt financing on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully execute on our bitcoin strategy. Our bitcoin strategy has not been tested over an extended period of time or under all market conditions. We are continually examining the risks and rewards of our strategy to acquire and hold bitcoin. This strategy has not been tested over an extended period of time or under all market conditions. For example, although we believe bitcoin, due to its limited supply, has the potential to serve as a hedge against inflation in the long term, the short-term price of bitcoin declined in recent periods during which the inflation rate increased. If bitcoin prices were to decline or our bitcoin strategy otherwise proves unsuccessful, our financial condition, results of operations, and the market price of our listed securities would be materially adversely impacted. We are subject to counterparty risks, including in particular risks relating to our custodians. Although we have implemented various measures that are designed to mitigate our counterparty risks, including by storing substantially all of the bitcoin we own in custody accounts at U.S.-based, institutional-grade custodians and negotiating contractual arrangements intended to establish that our property interest in custodially-held bitcoin is not subject to claims of our custodians creditors, applicable insolvency law is not fully developed with respect to the holding of digital assets in custodial accounts. If our custodially-held bitcoin were nevertheless considered to be the property of our custodians estates in the event that any such custodians were to enter bankruptcy, receivership or similar insolvency proceedings, we could be treated as a general unsecured creditor of such custodians, inhibiting our ability to exercise ownership rights with respect to such bitcoin, or delaying or hindering our access to our bitcoin holdings, and this may ultimately result in the loss of the value related to some or all of such bitcoin, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition as well as the market price of our listed securities. The broader digital assets industry is subject to counterparty risks, which could adversely impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin. A series of high-profile bankruptcies, closures, liquidations, regulatory enforcement actions and other events relating to companies operating in the digital asset industry in recent years have highlighted the counterparty risks applicable to owning and transacting in digital assets. Although these bankruptcies, closures, liquidations and other events 22 have not resulted in any loss or misappropriation of our bitcoin, nor have such events adversely impacted our access to our bitcoin, they have, in the short-term, likely negatively impacted the adoption rate and use of bitcoin. Additional bankruptcies, closures, liquidations, regulatory enforcement actions or other events involving participants in the digital assets industry in the future may further negatively impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin, limit the availability to us of financing collateralized or with asset coverage provided by bitcoin, or create or expose additional counterparty risks. Changes in the accounting treatment of our bitcoin holdings could have significant accounting impacts, including increasing the volatility of our results. We have adopted ASU 2023-08 as of January 1, 2025, which requires us to measure our bitcoin holdings at fair value in our statement of financial position, and to recognize gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin in net income each reporting period beginning January 1, 2025. ASU 2023-08 also requires us to provide certain interim and annual disclosures with respect to our bitcoin holdings. The standard became effective for us on January 1, 2025, and we applied a cumulative-effect net increase to the opening balance of retained earnings as of January 1, 2025 of $12.75 billion. Due in particular to the volatility in the price of bitcoin, the adoption of ASU 2023-08 has materially impacted our financial results, increased the volatility of our financial results, and materially affected the carrying value of our bitcoin on our balance sheet, and we expect these impacts to continue. For example, we incurred an unrealized loss on digital assets of $5.91 billion for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, an unrealized gain on digital assets of $14.05 billion for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, an unrealized gain on digital assets of $3.89 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, and an unrealized loss on digital assets of $17.44 billion for the quarter ended December 31, 2025. Significant variances in gains and losses could occur in future periods. These impacts could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. Additionally, as a result of ASU 2023-08 requiring a cumulative-effect adjustment to our opening balance of retained earnings as of January 1, 2025 and not permitting retrospective restatement of our historical financial statements, our results for the year ended December 31, 2025 are not, and for future periods will not be, comparable to results from periods prior to our adoption of the guidance. The broader digital assets industry, including the technology associated with digital assets, the rate of adoption and development of, and use cases for, digital assets, market perception of digital assets, and the legal, regulatory, and accounting treatment of digital assets are constantly developing and changing, and there may be additional risks in the future that are not possible to predict. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset, and fluctuations in the price of bitcoin have in the past influenced and are likely to continue to influence our financial results and the market price of our listed securities The price of bitcoin has historically been, and may continue to be, highly volatile. Fluctuations in the price of bitcoin have in the past influenced, and are likely to continue to influence, our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. Our business, financial results, financial condition, and the market price of our listed securities, would be adversely affected, if the price of bitcoin declined substantially (as it has in the past, including during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025), including as a result of: decreased user and investor confidence in bitcoin, including due to the various factors described herein; investment and trading activities, such as (i) trading activities of highly active retail and institutional users, speculators, other companies executing a bitcoin strategy similar to ours, miners and other investors; (ii) actual or expected significant dispositions of bitcoin by large holders, including the expected liquidation of digital assets seized by governments or associated with entities that have filed for bankruptcy protection, such as (a) transfers of bitcoin to creditors of the hacked cryptocurrency exchange Mt. Gox which began in July 2024 and are due to be completed by October 2026, (b) the transfer of 94,643 bitcoin to Bitfinex following proceedings related to a 2016 hack of its platform, and (c) potential sales of 69,370 bitcoin seized from the Silk Road marketplace by the U.S. Department of Justice; and (iii) actual or perceived manipulation of the spot or derivative markets for bitcoin or spot bitcoin ETPs; negative publicity, media or social media coverage, or sentiment due to events in or relating to, or perception of, bitcoin or the broader digital assets industry, including, for example, (i) public perception that bitcoin can be used as a vehicle to circumvent sanctions, including sanctions imposed on Russia or certain regions related to the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, or to fund criminal or terrorist activities, such as the purported use of digital assets by Hamas to fund its terrorist attack against Israel in October 2023; (ii) expected or pending civil, criminal, regulatory enforcement or other high-profile actions against major participants in the bitcoin ecosystem, including the SEC s previous enforcement action against Binance Holdings Ltd.; (iii) additional filings for bankruptcy protection or bankruptcy proceedings of major digital asset industry participants, such as the bankruptcy proceeding of FTX Trading and its affiliates; (iv) the actual or perceived environmental impact of bitcoin and related activities, including environmental concerns raised by private individuals, governmental and 23 non-governmental organizations, and other actors related to the energy resources consumed in the bitcoin mining process; and (v) activities relating to other cryptocurrencies, including meme coins ; changes in consumer preferences and the perceived value or long-term prospects of bitcoin; developments affecting other companies pursuing a bitcoin strategy similar to ours, such as the abandonment of the strategy by such other companies, the failure by such other companies to satisfy their debt or other financial obligations, market concerns as to the viability or creditworthiness of such other companies, the loss or disposition of substantial bitcoin by such other companies, regulatory or legal judgments or actions against such other companies due to their adoption of a bitcoin strategy, or any other similar actions or negative outcomes impacting such other companies, whether due to any of the various RISK FACTORS described herein or for any other reason; competition from other digital assets that exhibit better speed, security, scalability, or energy efficiency, that feature other more favored characteristics, that are backed by governments, including the U.S. government, or by reserves of fiat currencies, or that represent ownership or security interests in physical assets; a decrease in the price of other digital assets, including stablecoins, or the crash or unavailability of stablecoins that are used as a medium of exchange in bitcoin purchase and sale transactions, such as the crash of the stablecoin Terra USD in 2022, to the extent the decrease in the price of such other digital assets or the unavailability of such stablecoins may cause a decrease in the price of bitcoin or adversely affect investor confidence in digital assets generally; the identification of Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonymous person or persons who developed bitcoin, or the transfer of substantial amounts of bitcoin from bitcoin wallets attributed to Mr. Nakamoto; developments relating to the Bitcoin protocol, including (i) changes to the Bitcoin protocol that impact its security, speed, scalability, usability, or value, such as changes to the cryptographic security protocol underpinning the Bitcoin blockchain, changes to the maximum number of bitcoin outstanding, changes to the mutability of transactions, changes relating to the size of blockchain blocks, changes to the amount of data that may be embedded into the bitcoin blockchain, and similar changes, (ii) failures to make upgrades to the Bitcoin protocol to adapt to security, technological, legal or other challenges, and (iii) changes to the Bitcoin protocol that introduce software bugs, security risks or other elements that adversely affect bitcoin; disruptions, failures, unavailability, or interruptions in services of trading venues for bitcoin, such as, for example, the announcement by the digital asset exchange FTX Trading that it would freeze withdrawals and transfers from its accounts and subsequent filing for bankruptcy protection and the SEC enforcement action previously brought against Binance Holdings Ltd. and others, which initially sought to freeze all assets on the Binance US platform during the pendency of the enforcement action and has since resulted in Binance discontinuing all fiat deposits and withdrawals in the U.S.; the filing for bankruptcy protection by, liquidation of, or market concerns about the financial viability of digital asset custodians, trading venues, lending platforms, investment funds, or other digital asset industry participants, such as the filing for bankruptcy protection by digital asset trading venues FTX Trading and BlockFi and digital asset lending platforms Celsius Network and Voyager Digital Holdings in 2022, the ordered liquidation of the digital asset investment fund Three Arrows Capital in 2022, the announced liquidation of Silvergate Bank in 2023, the government-mandated closure and sale of Signature Bank in 2023, the placement of Prime Trust, LLC into receivership following a cease-and-desist order issued by the Nevada Department of Business and Industry in 2023, and the exit of Binance from the U.S. market as part of its settlement with the Department of Justice and other federal regulatory agencies; regulatory, legislative, enforcement and judicial actions that adversely affect the price, ownership, transferability, trading volumes, legality or public perception of bitcoin, or that adversely affect the operations of or otherwise prevent digital asset custodians, trading venues, lending platforms or other digital assets industry participants from operating in a manner that allows them to continue to deliver services to the digital assets industry; further reductions in mining rewards of bitcoin, including due to block reward halving events, which are programmed events that occur approximately every four years (the most recent of which occurred in April 2024) that reduce the block reward earned by miners who validate bitcoin transactions, or increases in the costs associated with bitcoin mining, including increases in electricity costs and hardware and software used in mining, or new or enhanced regulation or taxation of bitcoin mining, which could further increase the costs associated with bitcoin mining, any of which may cause a decline in support for the Bitcoin network; transaction congestion and fees associated with processing transactions on the Bitcoin network; 24 macroeconomic changes, such as changes in the level of interest rates and inflation, fiscal and monetary policies of governments, trade restrictions, and fiat currency devaluations; developments in mathematics or technology, including in digital computing, algebraic geometry and quantum computing, that could result in the cryptography used by the Bitcoin blockchain becoming insecure or ineffective; and changes in national and international economic and political conditions, including, without limitation, federal government policies, trade tariffs and trade disputes, and the adverse impacts attributable to global conflicts, including those between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East. Any of the foregoing factors, individually or in the aggregate, could result in significant volatility or a substantial decline in the price of bitcoin, which could in turn adversely affect our financial results, the market price of our listed securities, and our ability to implement our bitcoin strategy. Bitcoin and other digital assets are relatively novel assets, and are subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty Bitcoin and other digital assets are relatively novel assets, and are subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty, any of which could adversely affect bitcoin s price and our ability to hold or transact in bitcoin. The application of state and federal securities laws and other laws and regulations to digital assets is unclear in certain respects, and regulators in the United States and in other countries may interpret or apply existing laws and regulations in a manner that adversely affects the price of bitcoin or the ability of individuals or institutions such as us to own or transfer bitcoin. Governments and regulators in the United States and abroad may enact new laws and regulations, or enforce or interpret existing laws or regulations, in a manner that could impose material additional regulatory burdens and costs on us or other digital asset industry participants, which could materially affect the price of bitcoin or the ability of individuals or institutions such as us to own or transfer bitcoin. For example, within the past several years: in September 2025, Nasdaq reportedly announced new informal interpretations of its rules that require certain Nasdaq-listed companies to obtain shareholder approval before engaging in certain transactions, such as private placements for the purpose of acquiring digital assets or accepting in-kind contributions of digital assets in exchange for equity; in July 2025, President Trump signed into law the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for US Stablecoins Act ( GENIUS Act ), establishing a legislative framework for the regulation of payment stablecoins and marking the first federal legislation for the regulation of digital assets in the U.S.; in July 2025, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the Digital Asset Market Clarity Act of 2025 ( CLARITY Act ), a comprehensive digital asset market structure and regulation bill. The CLARITY Act, and other digital asset market structure and regulation bills, remain under consideration and continue to evolve in the U.S. Senate; in January 2025, President Trump signed an executive order instructing a working group comprised of representatives from key federal agencies to evaluate measures that can be taken to provide regulatory clarity and certainty built on technology-neutral regulations for individuals and firms involved in digital assets, including through well-defined jurisdictional regulatory boundaries and in July 2025, such working group published a report on strengthening American leadership in digital financial technology, which recommended several regulatory and legislative proposals to advance President Trump s January 2025 executive order; in January 2025, the SEC announced the formation of a Crypto Task Force, which is intended to provide clarity on the application of the federal securities laws to the crypto asset market and to recommend policy measures with respect to digital asset security status, registration and listing of digital asset-based investment vehicles, and digital asset custody, lending and staking; in June 2023, the SEC filed complaints against Binance Holdings Ltd. and Coinbase, Inc., and their respective affiliated entities, alleging, among other things, that each was operating as an unregistered securities exchange, broker, dealer, and clearing agency; in November 2023, the SEC filed a complaint against Payward Inc. and Payward Ventures Inc., together known as Kraken, alleging, among other claims, that Kraken s crypto trading platform was operating as an unregistered securities exchange, broker, dealer, and clearing agency; in November 2023, Binance Holdings Ltd. and its then chief executive officer reached a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ), the Treasury s Office of Foreign Asset Control, and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network to resolve a multi-year investigation by those 25 agencies and a civil suit brought by the CFTC, pursuant to which Binance Holdings Ltd. agreed to, among other things, pay $4.3 billion in penalties across the four agencies and to discontinue its operations in the United States; in June 2023, the United Kingdom adopted and implemented the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023, which regulates market activities in cryptoassets; in May 2023, the European Union adopted Markets in Crypto Assets Regulation ( MiCA ), a comprehensive digital asset regulatory framework for the issuance and use of digital assets, like bitcoin; and in China, the People s Bank of China and the National Development and Reform Commission have outlawed cryptocurrency mining and declared all cryptocurrency transactions illegal within the country. Although the complaints against Coinbase, Inc., Payward Inc., Payward Ventures Inc. and Binance Holdings Ltd. have been dismissed, the SEC, CFTC, foreign governments, states, or other regulatory agencies may initiate similar actions in the future, which could materially affect the price of bitcoin and our ability to own or transfer bitcoin. It is not possible to predict whether or when new laws and regulations will change the legal framework governing digital assets or expand the authority of the SEC, the CFTC, or other regulators, or whether or when any other federal, state or foreign bodies will take similar actions. For example, the proposed CLARITY Act discussed above could, if it became law, grant the CFTC additional regulatory and supervisory powers with respect to spot digital assets, including bitcoin, as digital commodities and potentially impose additional registration, disclosure, reporting, and business conduct requirements on us. In addition, we cannot predict the nature or market effects of any future laws or expansion of oversight, including the impacts to the functioning of digital asset markets, the willingness of financial and other institutions to provide services to the digital assets industry, or the value of digital assets generally and bitcoin specifically. The consequences of any new legal requirements relating to digital assets could adversely affect the market price of bitcoin and our ability to hold or transact in bitcoin, and in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the market price of our listed securities. Furthermore, as more companies adopt strategies with respect to bitcoin or digital assets similar to ours, governments and regulatory agencies may be prompted to enact new laws, regulations, or interpretations, which may adversely affect our bitcoin strategy. Moreover, the risks of engaging in a bitcoin strategy are relatively novel and have created, and could continue to create, complications due to the lack of experience that third parties have with companies engaging in such a strategy, such as increased costs of director and officer liability insurance or the potential inability to obtain such coverage on acceptable terms in the future. Growth of the digital assets industry in general, and the use and acceptance of bitcoin in particular, are highly uncertain and may also impact the price of bitcoin. The pace of growth in the adoption and use of bitcoin may depend, for instance, on public familiarity with digital assets, ease of buying, accessing or gaining exposure to bitcoin, institutional demand for bitcoin as an investment asset, participation by traditional financial institutions in the digital assets industry, consumer demand for bitcoin as a store of value or medium of exchange, and the availability and popularity of alternatives to bitcoin. Even if growth in bitcoin adoption occurs in the near or medium-term, there is no assurance that bitcoin usage will continue to grow over the long-term or that any such growth will be sustained. The liquidity and public perception of bitcoin may also suffer if financial institutions deny or limit banking services to businesses that hold bitcoin, provide bitcoin-related services or accept bitcoin as payment, which could also decrease the price of bitcoin. Actions by U.S. banking regulators, such as the issuance in February 2023 by federal banking agencies of the Interagency Liquidity Risk Statement, which cautioned banks on contagion risks posed by providing services to digital assets customers, and similar actions, have in the past reduced access to banking services for bitcoin-related customers and service providers, or the willingness of traditional financial institutions to participate in markets for digital assets. The liquidity of bitcoin may also be impacted to the extent that changes in applicable laws and regulatory requirements negatively impact the ability of exchanges and trading venues to provide services for bitcoin and other digital assets. Bitcoin has no physical existence beyond the record of transactions on the Bitcoin blockchain. As a result, factors such as malicious attacks by miners, inadequate mining fees to incentivize validation of bitcoin transactions, hard forks of the Bitcoin blockchain into multiple blockchains, and advances in digital computing, algebraic geometry, and quantum computing could undermine the integrity of the Bitcoin blockchain and negatively affect the price of bitcoin and, in turn, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the trading price of our listed securities. Our historical financial statements prior to March 31, 2025 do not reflect the potential variability in earnings that we have experienced to date and may experience in the future relating to our bitcoin holdings Our historical financial statements prior to March 31, 2025 do not fully reflect the potential variability in earnings that we have experienced to date and may experience in the future from holding or selling significant amounts of bitcoin. 26 The price of bitcoin has historically been subject to dramatic price fluctuations and is highly volatile. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-08, which we adopted as of January 1, 2025. We determine the fair value of our bitcoin based on quoted (unadjusted) prices on the Coinbase exchange (our principal market for bitcoin). Prior to our adoption of ASU 2023-08 on January 1, 2025, we performed an analysis each quarter to identify whether events or changes in circumstances, principally decreases in the quoted (unadjusted) prices on the active exchange, indicated that it was more likely than not that any of our bitcoin assets were impaired. In determining if an impairment had occurred, we considered the lowest price of one bitcoin quoted on the active exchange at any time since acquiring the specific bitcoin held. If the carrying value of a bitcoin exceeded that lowest price at any time during the quarter, an impairment loss was deemed to have occurred with respect to that bitcoin in the amount equal to the difference between its carrying value and such lowest price, and subsequent increases in the price of bitcoin did not affect the carrying value of our bitcoin. Gains (if any) were not recorded until realized upon sale, at which point they would be presented net of any impairment losses. In determining the gain to be recognized upon sale, we calculated the difference between the sale price and carrying value of the specific bitcoin sold immediately prior to sale. Due in part to the volatility of bitcoin, we incurred $4.06 billion of cumulative impairment on our bitcoin holdings through December 31, 2024, which losses were reflected in the financial statements for the respective periods in which the losses were incurred. ASU 2023-08 requires us to measure our bitcoin holdings at fair value in our statement of financial position, and to recognize gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin in net income each reporting period. ASU 2023-08 also requires us to provide certain interim and annual disclosures with respect to our bitcoin holdings. As of January 1, 2025 we applied a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings of $12.75 billion. ASU 2023-08 does not permit retrospective restatement of prior periods. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred an unrealized loss on digital assets of $5.40 billion. Due to the application of a different accounting standard for the quarterly and annual periods during the year ended December 31, 2025 relative to the corresponding periods during the year ended December 31, 2024, and due to ASU 2023-08 not permitting retrospective restatement of prior periods, our results for the quarterly and annual periods during the year ended December 31, 2025 are not comparable to our results for the corresponding prior periods, and our future results will similarly not be comparable to results from periods prior to our adoption of the guidance. Additionally, any unrealized gain on digital assets reflected in our financial results for a given period does not reflect cash actually earned by us during that period, and a significant increase in our digital assets included on our balance sheet is not associated with an actual increase in our liquidity. As a result of our adoption of ASU 2023-08, we may incur greater losses during periods when we previously would have incurred smaller losses or no losses because we had already impaired the carrying value of our bitcoin to a low price observed during a prior period, and we may also record gains during periods when the fair market value of bitcoin rises, as compared to periods prior to January 1, 2025, when we would not have recorded any gains under similar circumstances. Accordingly, due in particular to the volatility in the price of bitcoin, the adoption of ASU 2023-08 has to date increased, and we expect will continue to impact, the volatility of our financial results. For further details see Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Strategy and Holdings-Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to various risks, including risks associated with bitcoin. Because we intend to continue increasing our bitcoin holdings, we expect that the proportion of our total assets represented by our bitcoin holdings will increase in the future, and we expect ASU 2023-08 to continue to significantly affect the carrying value of our bitcoin on our balance sheet. As a result, our earnings may be even more volatile in future periods than what we have experienced to date. The recent increase in the availability of alternative ways to gain exposure to bitcoin and other digital assets may adversely affect the market price of our listed securities Although bitcoin and other digital assets have experienced a surge of investor attention since bitcoin was invented in 2008, until recently investors in the United States had limited means to gain exposure to bitcoin through traditional investment channels, and instead generally were only able to hold bitcoin through digital wallets. Given the relative novelty of digital assets, general lack of familiarity with the processes needed to hold bitcoin directly, as well as the potential reluctance of financial planners and advisers to recommend direct bitcoin holdings to their retail customers because of the manner in which such holdings are custodied, some investors have sought exposure to bitcoin through investment vehicles that hold bitcoin and issue shares representing fractional undivided interests in their underlying bitcoin holdings. These vehicles, which were previously offered only to accredited investors on a private placement basis, have in the past traded at substantial premiums to net asset value, possibly due to the relative scarcity of traditional investment vehicles providing investment exposure to bitcoin. On January 10, 2024, the SEC approved the listing and trading of spot bitcoin ETPs, the shares of which can be sold in public offerings and are traded on U.S. national securities exchanges. The approved ETPs commenced trading directly to the public on January 11, 2024, with a trading volume of $4.6 billion on the first trading day. On January 11, 2024, and in the subsequent days following the SEC s approval of the listing and trading of spot bitcoin ETPs, the trading price of our 27 shares of class A common stock declined significantly relative to the value of our bitcoin. To the extent investors view our class A common stock as providing exposure to bitcoin, it is possible that the value of our class A common stock may also have included a premium over the value of our bitcoin due to the prior scarcity of traditional investment vehicles providing investment exposure to bitcoin, and that the value declined due to investors now having a greater range of options to gain exposure to bitcoin and investors choosing to gain such exposure through ETPs rather than our class A common stock. Although we are an operating company, and we believe we offer a different value proposition than a bitcoin investment vehicle such as a spot bitcoin ETP, investors may nevertheless view our class A common stock or other listed securities as an alternative to an investment in an ETP, and choose to purchase shares of a spot bitcoin ETP instead of our class A common stock or other listed securities. They may do so for a variety of reasons, including if they believe that ETPs offer a pure play exposure to bitcoin that is generally not subject to federal income tax at the entity level as we are, or the other RISK FACTORS applicable to an operating business, such as ours. Additionally, unlike spot bitcoin ETPs, we (i) do not seek for our shares of class A common stock to track the value of the underlying bitcoin we hold before payment of expenses and liabilities, (ii) do not benefit from various exemptions and relief under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including Regulation M, and other securities laws, which enable ETPs to continuously align the value of their shares to the price of the underlying assets they hold through share creation and redemption, (iii) are a Delaware corporation rather than a statutory trust, and do not operate pursuant to a trust agreement that would require us to pursue one or more stated investment objectives, and (iv) are not required to provide daily transparency as to our bitcoin holdings or our daily net asset value. Furthermore, recommendations by broker-dealers to buy, hold, or sell complex products and non-traditional ETPs, or an investment strategy involving such products, may be subject to additional or heightened scrutiny that would not be applicable to broker-dealers making recommendations with respect to our listed securities. Additionally, other companies have recently adopted bitcoin strategies similar to ours, providing investors with further potential alternative means of gaining exposure to bitcoin. Fund sponsors also offer bitcoin futures exchange-traded funds ( ETFs ) and leveraged bitcoin futures ETFs, which offer different types of economic exposure to bitcoin. Based on how we are viewed in the market relative to ETPs, other companies that have adopted a strategy similar to ours with respect to bitcoin, bitcoin futures ETFs, leveraged bitcoin futures ETFs, and similar vehicles, any premium or discount in our class A common stock relative to the value of our bitcoin holdings may increase or decrease differently than that of such other vehicles in response to changes in market conditions. Although our listed securities also include preferred stocks, which provide investors with economic exposure to bitcoin and the opportunity to earn dollar- or Euro- denominated yield returns, to the extent that investors are seeking an investment with exposure to bitcoin and a dollar- or Euro- denominated yield return, investors may choose to allocate to certain funds that pursue yield-based strategies based on trading derivatives of our class A common stock or bitcoin rather than purchasing our preferred stocks, as the former may, from time to time, produce higher yields than our preferred stock. Other companies have also recently adopted treasury strategies with exposure to digital assets other than bitcoin. Additionally, the SEC has approved rule changes permitting the listing and trading of spot ETPs that invest in ether, the main crypto asset supporting the Ethereum blockchain, and has published for comment and review exchange rule change notices with respect to spot ETPs for other digital assets. The current and potential future availability of investment options with respect to other digital assets could result in a decline in the price of bitcoin, which could in turn cause a decline in the price of our class A common stock and our other listed securities and such decline could be disproportionate to the decline in value of our bitcoin. Any of the foregoing factors, including the availability of spot ETPs and futures-based ETFs for bitcoin, and funds that pursue yield-based strategies based on trading derivatives of our class A common stock, the availability and potential future availability of spot ETPs for Ethereum and other digital assets, and the adoption by other companies of strategies similar to ours with respect to bitcoin and other digital assets, could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our listed securities. Our bitcoin strategy subjects us to enhanced regulatory oversight As noted above, several spot bitcoin ETPs have received approval from the SEC to list their shares on a U.S. national securities exchange with continuous share creation and redemption at net asset value. Even though we are not, and do not function in the manner of, a spot bitcoin ETP, it is possible that we nevertheless could face regulatory scrutiny from the SEC or other federal or state agencies due to our bitcoin holdings and our bitcoin strategy more generally. In addition, there has been increasing focus on the extent to which digital assets can be used to launder the proceeds of illegal activities, fund criminal or terrorist activities, or circumvent sanctions regimes, including those sanctions imposed in response to the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. While we have implemented and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations and take care to only acquire our bitcoin through entities subject to anti-money laundering regulation and 28 related compliance rules in the United States, if we are found to have purchased any of our bitcoin from bad actors that have used bitcoin to launder money or persons subject to sanctions, we may be subject to regulatory proceedings and any further transactions or dealings in bitcoin by us may be restricted or prohibited. Although our bitcoin holdings did not serve as collateral securing any of our outstanding indebtedness as of December 31, 2025, we may incur indebtedness or enter into other financial instruments in the future that may be collateralized by our bitcoin holdings. We may also consider pursuing strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate funds using our bitcoin holdings. These types of bitcoin-related transactions are the subject of enhanced regulatory oversight. These and any other bitcoin-related transactions we may enter into, beyond simply acquiring and holding bitcoin, may subject us to additional regulatory compliance requirements and scrutiny, including under federal and state money services regulations, money transmitter licensing requirements and various commodity and securities laws and regulations. Additional laws, guidance and policies may be issued by domestic and foreign regulators, including for example, in response to the failure of a major participant in the digital assets industry, such as the filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection by FTX in November 2022. Increased enforcement activity and changes in the regulatory environment, including changing interpretations and the implementation of new or varying regulatory requirements by the government or any new legislation affecting bitcoin, as well as enforcement actions involving or impacting our trading venues, counterparties and custodians, may impose significant costs or significantly limit our ability to hold and transact in bitcoin. In addition, private actors that are wary of bitcoin or the regulatory concerns associated with bitcoin have in the past taken and may in the future take further actions that may have an adverse effect on our business or the market price of our listed securities. For example, an affiliate of HSBC Holdings has prohibited customers of its HSBC InvestDirect retail investment platform from buying shares of our class A common stock after determining that the value of our stock is related to the performance of bitcoin, indicating that it did not want to facilitate exposure to virtual currencies. In November 2025, we issued STRE Stock, which is a Euro-denominated preferred stock instrument listed for trading on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. As a result of such listing, we are subject to certain disclosure and other requirements under applicable EU regulations. We intend to continue to seek access to non-U.S. capital markets, list or admit our securities to trading on additional foreign exchanges, or otherwise expand the distribution of our securities in foreign jurisdictions, and we may become subject to additional regulatory oversight, disclosure obligations, conduct requirements and review of our bitcoin strategy and digital asset activities in those jurisdictions. Any such additional non-U.S. regulatory oversight could increase our compliance and reporting costs, constrain our flexibility in implementing our bitcoin strategy, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Due to the unregulated nature and lack of transparency surrounding the operations of many bitcoin trading venues, bitcoin trading venues may experience greater fraud, security failures or regulatory or operational problems than trading venues for more established asset classes, which may result in a loss of confidence in bitcoin trading venues and adversely affect the value of our bitcoin Bitcoin trading venues are relatively new (compared to stock exchanges) and, in many cases, unregulated. Furthermore, there are many bitcoin trading venues which do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices and regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in bitcoin trading venues, including prominent exchanges that handle a significant volume of bitcoin trading and/or are subject to regulatory oversight, in the event one or more bitcoin trading venues cease or pause for a prolonged period the trading of bitcoin or other digital assets, or experience fraud, significant volumes of withdrawal, security failures or operational problems. Reports and academic studies have estimated that a substantial portion of trading volume reported by certain unregulated crypto-asset trading venues may be non-economic in nature (including wash trading), with a December 2022 study estimating wash trading averaged over 70% of reported volume on unregulated exchanges studied. The SEC also alleged as part of its June 2023 complaint against Binance Holdings Ltd. that Binance committed strategic and targeted wash trading through its affiliates to artificially inflate the volume of certain digital assets traded on its exchange. The SEC has also brought recent actions against individuals and digital asset market participants alleging that such persons artificially increased trading volumes in certain digital assets through wash trades, or repeated buying and selling of the same assets in fictitious transactions to manipulate their underlying trading price. Such reports and allegations may indicate that the bitcoin market is significantly smaller than expected and that the United States makes up a significantly larger percentage of the bitcoin market than is commonly understood. Any actual or perceived wash trading in the bitcoin market, and any other fraudulent or manipulative acts and practices, could adversely affect the value of our bitcoin. Negative perception, a lack of stability in the broader bitcoin markets and the closure, temporary shutdown or operational disruption of bitcoin trading venues, lending institutions, institutional investors, institutional miners, custodians, or other 29 major participants in the bitcoin ecosystem, due to fraud, business failure, cybersecurity events, government-mandated regulation, bankruptcy, or for any other reason, may result in a decline in confidence in bitcoin and the broader bitcoin ecosystem and greater volatility in the price of bitcoin. For example, in 2022, each of Celsius Network, Voyager Digital, Three Arrows Capital, FTX, and BlockFi filed for bankruptcy, following which the market prices of bitcoin and other digital assets significantly declined. In addition, in June 2023, the SEC announced enforcement actions against Coinbase, Inc., and Binance Holdings Ltd., two providers of large trading venues for digital assets, which similarly was followed by a decrease in the market price of bitcoin and other digital assets. These were followed in November 2023, by an SEC enforcement action against Payward Inc. and Payward Ventures Inc., together known as Kraken, another large trading venue for digital assets. Although these complaints were ultimately dismissed, the SEC or other regulatory agencies may initiate similar actions in the future. As the price of our listed securities is affected by the value of our bitcoin holdings, the failure of a major participant in the bitcoin ecosystem could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our listed securities. The concentration of our bitcoin holdings enhances the risks inherent in our bitcoin strategy As of February 13, 2026, we held approximately 717,131 bitcoins that were acquired at an aggregate purchase price of $54.5 billion and we intend to purchase additional bitcoin and increase our overall holdings of bitcoin in the future. The concentration of our bitcoin holdings limits the risk mitigation that we could achieve if we were to purchase a more diversified portfolio of assets, which enhances the risks inherent in our bitcoin strategy. Any future significant declines in the price of bitcoin would have a more pronounced impact on our financial condition than if we had used our cash to purchase a more diverse portfolio of assets. The emergence or growth of other digital assets, including those with significant private or public sector backing, could have a negative impact on the price of bitcoin and adversely affect our business As a result of our bitcoin strategy, our assets are concentrated in our bitcoin holdings. Accordingly, the emergence or growth of digital assets other than bitcoin may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. As of December 31, 2025, bitcoin was the largest digital asset by market capitalization. However, there are numerous alternative digital assets and many entities, including consortiums and financial institutions, are researching and investing resources into private or permissioned blockchain platforms or digital assets that do not use proof-of-work mining like the Bitcoin network. For example, in late 2022, the Ethereum network transitioned to a proof-of-stake mechanism for validating transactions that requires significantly less computing power than proof-of-work mining. The Ethereum network has completed another major update since then and may undertake additional updates in the future. If the mechanisms for validating transactions in Ethereum and other alternative digital assets are perceived as superior to proof-of-work mining, those digital assets could gain market share relative to bitcoin. Other alternative digital assets that compete with bitcoin in certain ways include stablecoins, which are designed to maintain a constant price related to or based on some other asset or traditional currency because of, for instance, their issuers promise to hold high-quality liquid assets (such as U.S. dollar deposits and short-term U.S. treasury securities) equal to the total value of stablecoins in circulation. In July 2025, the GENIUS Act was enacted, which establishes a federal framework for payment stablecoins, treating them as payment systems, not securities, and mandating fiat-backed reserves, monthly disclosures, anti-money laundering safeguards, and similar measures. Stablecoins have grown rapidly as an alternative to bitcoin and other digital assets as a medium of exchange and store of value, particularly on digital asset trading platforms, and their use as an alternative to bitcoin could expand further as a result of the GENIUS Act being enacted. As of December 31, 2025, two of the seven largest digital assets by market capitalization were U.S. dollar-pegged stablecoins. Additionally, central banks in some countries have started to introduce digital forms of legal tender. For example, China s CBDC project was made available to consumers in January 2022, and governments including Japan, the United Kingdom and the European Union have been discussing the potential creation of new CBDCs. Further, some countries, such as Sweden, Norway and Israel, are exploring cross-border interoperability of retail CBDCs. Whether or not they incorporate blockchain or similar technology, CBDCs, as legal tender in the issuing jurisdiction, could also compete with, or replace, bitcoin and other digital assets as a medium of exchange or store of value. As a result, the emergence or growth of these or other digital assets could cause the market price of bitcoin to decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Our bitcoin holdings are less liquid than our existing cash and cash equivalents and may not be able to serve as a source of liquidity for us to the same extent as cash and cash equivalents Historically, the bitcoin market has been characterized by significant volatility in price, limited liquidity and trading volumes compared to sovereign currencies markets, relative anonymity, a developing regulatory landscape, potential susceptibility to market abuse and manipulation, compliance and internal control failures at exchanges, and various other 30 risks inherent in its entirely electronic, virtual form and decentralized network. In December 2025, we established the USD Reserve to support the payment of dividends on our preferred stock and interest on our outstanding indebtedness. As of February 13, 2026, the balance of the USD Reserve was $2.25 billion. If we deplete our USD Reserve and we are unable to secure equity or debt financing in a timely manner, on favorable terms, or at all, we may be required to sell bitcoin to satisfy our financial obligations or liquidity needs, and we may be required to make such sales at prices below our cost basis or on terms that are otherwise unfavorable. Additionally, during periods of market instability, we may not be able to sell our bitcoin at favorable prices or at all. For example, a number of bitcoin trading venues temporarily halted deposits and withdrawals in 2022, although the Coinbase exchange (our principal market for bitcoin) has, to date, not done so. As a result, our bitcoin holdings may not be able to serve as a source of liquidity for us to the same extent as cash and cash equivalents. Further, the bitcoin that we hold with our custodians and transact with our trade execution partners does not enjoy the same protections as are available to cash or securities deposited with or transacted by institutions subject to regulation by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. Additionally, we may be unable to enter into loans or other capital raising transactions collateralized by our unencumbered bitcoin or otherwise generate funds using our bitcoin holdings, including in particular during periods of market instability or when the price of bitcoin has declined significantly. If we are unable to sell our bitcoin, enter into additional capital raising transactions, including capital raising transactions using bitcoin as collateral, or otherwise generate funds using our bitcoin holdings, or if we are forced to sell our bitcoin at a significant loss, in order to meet our financial obligations and liquidity needs, our business and financial condition could be negatively impacted. If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to our bitcoin, or if our private keys are lost or destroyed, or other similar circumstances or events occur, we may lose some or all of our bitcoin and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected Substantially all of the bitcoin we own is held in custody accounts at institutional-grade digital asset custodians. Security breaches and cyberattacks are of particular concern with respect to our bitcoin. Bitcoin and other blockchain-based cryptocurrencies and the entities that provide services to participants in the bitcoin ecosystem have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks, or other malicious activities. For example, in October 2021 it was reported that hackers exploited a flaw in the account recovery process and stole from the accounts of at least 6,000 customers of the Coinbase exchange (our principal market for bitcoin), although the flaw was subsequently fixed and Coinbase reimbursed affected customers. Similarly, in November 2022, hackers exploited weaknesses in the security architecture of the FTX Trading digital asset exchange and reportedly stole over $400 million in digital assets from customers. In 2025, Coinbase reported that criminals bribed certain of its non-U.S. employees to steal customer data to use in social engineering attacks. A successful security breach or cyberattack could result in: a partial or total loss of our bitcoin in a manner that may not be covered by insurance or the liability provisions of the custody agreements with the custodians who hold our bitcoin; harm to our reputation and brand; improper disclosure of data and violations of applicable data privacy and other laws; or significant regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, penalties, and other legal, regulatory, contractual and financial exposure. Further, any actual or perceived data security breach or cybersecurity attack directed at other companies with digital assets or companies that operate digital asset networks, regardless of whether we are directly impacted, could lead to a general loss of confidence in the broader Bitcoin blockchain ecosystem or in the use of the Bitcoin network to conduct financial transactions, which could negatively impact us. Attacks upon systems across a variety of industries, including industries related to bitcoin, are increasing in frequency, persistence, and sophistication, and, in many cases, are being conducted by sophisticated, well-funded and organized groups and individuals, including state actors. Emerging technologies, such as AI-driven cyberattacks and the potential for quantum computing, could introduce new vulnerabilities in our systems, potentially rendering traditional cryptographic techniques less effective and exposing us to more sophisticated forms of cyberattacks. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper or illegal access to systems and information (including personal data and digital assets), disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized or detected until after they have been launched against a target. Novel methods, such as those utilizing AI or quantum computing, may be even more difficult to detect and defend against. These attacks may occur on our systems or those of our third-party service providers or partners. We may experience breaches of our security measures due to human 31 error, malfeasance, insider threats, system errors or vulnerabilities or other irregularities. In particular, unauthorized parties have attempted, and we expect that they will continue to attempt, to gain access to our systems and facilities, as well as those of our partners and third-party service providers, through various means, such as hacking, social engineering, phishing and fraud. Threats can come from a variety of sources, including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, and insiders. In addition, certain types of attacks could harm us even if our systems are left undisturbed. For example, certain threats are designed to remain dormant or undetectable, sometimes for extended periods of time, or until launched against a target and we may not be able to implement adequate preventative measures. Further, there has been an increase in such activities due to the increase in work-from-home arrangements since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The risk of cyberattacks could also be increased by cyberwarfare in connection with geopolitical conflicts, such as the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, including potential proliferation of malware into systems unrelated to such conflicts. As of the date of this Annual Report, neither we nor any of our service providers has experienced a security breach or cyberattack that has materially impacted our digital asset holdings, financial condition or operating results; however, any future breach of our operations or those of our service providers or others in the bitcoin industry could materially and adversely affect our business. We face risks relating to the custody of our bitcoin, including the loss or destruction of private keys required to access our bitcoin and cyberattacks or other data loss relating to our bitcoin We hold our bitcoin with regulated custodians that have duties to safeguard our private keys. Although our custodial services contracts do not restrict our ability to reallocate our bitcoin among our custodians, our bitcoin holdings may be concentrated with a single custodian from time to time, which may enhance our risk of losses. In light of the significant amount of bitcoin we hold, we continually seek to engage additional custodians to achieve a greater degree of diversification in the custody of our bitcoin as the extent of potential risk of loss is dependent, in part, on the degree of diversification. If there is a decrease in the availability of digital asset custodians that we believe can safely custody our bitcoin, for example, due to regulatory developments or enforcement actions that cause custodians to discontinue or limit their services in the United States, we may need to enter into agreements that are less favorable than our current agreements or take other measures to custody our bitcoin, and our ability to seek a greater degree of diversification in the use of custodial services would be materially adversely affected. As of December 31, 2025, the insurance coverage available for losses of our bitcoin covers only a small fraction of the value of the entirety of our bitcoin holdings and there can be no assurance that we would recover the full value of our bitcoin lost under all circumstances. Based on information shared by our custodians, they currently maintain commercial insurance coverage of $320.0 million, $100.0 million, and in excess of $100.0 million at Coinbase, Anchorage, and Fidelity, respectively, in the aggregate and not per occurrence, to cover bitcoin losses as well as certain other losses, subject to the terms and provisions of the applicable insurance policies. The insurance policies maintained by our custodians are shared among all of such custodian s customers and are not specific to us, and there can be no guarantee that such i
