. RISK FACTORS Factors Affecting Our Future Operating Results Operational Risks We sell primarily to companies in developed countries. An economic downturn in these countries could hurt our operating results. Most of our business is derived from companies in developed countries. Economic uncertainty and challenging market conditions in many parts of the world, including international trade disputes, tariffs, inflation, governmental monetary policies, interest rates, armed conflicts, and sovereign debt levels in the European Union and the United States, are situations that we monitor closely. If developed countries continue to experience slow growth or experience a recession, we could see the following effects: slower growth in our sales compared to prior years; a drop in demand for our products; companies being unable to finance their businesses; difficulty in obtaining materials and supplies; potential devaluation and/or impairment of assets; difficulty in collecting accounts receivables; an increase in accounts receivable write-offs; and greater foreign exchange rate volatility affecting our profitability and cash flow. Economic downturns or recessions adversely affect our operating results because our customers often decrease or delay capital expenditures. Customers may also purchase lower-cost products made by competitors and not resume purchasing our products even after economic conditions improve. These conditions would reduce our revenues and profitability. In addition, a potential financial crisis on financial institutions globally would likely have an adverse effect on the global capital markets and our business. We are subject to risks associated with our international operations, including our significant concentration of business in China. We conduct business in many countries, including emerging markets in Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe, and these operations represent a significant portion of our sales and earnings. In addition to the currency risks discussed below, our international operations pose other potential substantial risks for us, including the following: recently reduced market demand in our core segments in China and the current economic conditions in this region; local tariffs and trade barriers and the potential for retaliatory tariffs; additions or revisions to a country's legal and regulatory requirements; difficulties in staffing and managing local operations and/or mandatory salary increases; credit risks arising from financial difficulties facing local customers and distributors; difficulties in protecting intellectual property; nationalization of private enterprises which may result in the confiscation of assets, as we hold significant assets around the world in the form of property, plant, and equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable, as well as $19.2 million of cash at December 31, 2025, in our Chinese subsidiaries; restrictions on investments and/or limitations regarding foreign ownership; adverse tax consequences, including tax disputes and imposition or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 14 Table of Contents domestic purchasing requirements that could favor local competition; other uncertain local economic, political, and social conditions, including inflation, hyper-inflation, and other decreases in purchasing power, or periods of low or no productivity growth, or effects of natural disasters or pandemics and epidemics; reduced foreign investment and/or demand; credit tightening or reduction in credit availability for local customers; geopolitical topics within Asia and other regions; and emerging markets can be volatile and change quickly. China represents a significant portion of our business and financial results and has an important role in our global supply chain. For example, our Chinese operations accounted for 16% of sales to external customers, 29% of total segment profit, and approximately 29% of our global production during 2025. In recent years, geopolitical tensions have increased, particularly between the United States and China. Among other issues, these geopolitical topics have resulted in increased tariffs and trade restrictions. The Chinese government and other governments have also increased their focus on domestic purchasing requirements. In addition, due to increasing political tensions and potential tariff increases, many companies are seeking increased flexibility in their supply chains that may result in reduced foreign investment in China. The Chinese economy remains under pressure and is impacted by challenges with the country's real estate market that affects domestic consumption and has historically been a source of funds for government stimulus. These risks, all of which will be exacerbated by trade wars and tariffs, could lead to reduced sales in China, as well as higher costs. After benefiting from significant growth in 2022 and 2021, market demand in China declined significantly during the second half of 2023, which continued in 2024. Our business is significantly impacted by market demand in our core segments of pharma/biopharmaceutical, food manufacturing, and chemical. Market conditions also can be volatile and change quickly, as experienced in 2023. We must also comply with regulations regarding the conversion and repatriation of funds earned in local currencies. For example, we need government approval to convert earnings from our operations in China into other currencies and to repatriate these funds. If we cannot comply with these or other applicable regulations or these regulations are amended to make it more difficult to repatriate the funds, we may face increased difficulties in using cash generated in China. We are required to comply with various import, export control, and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers, business partners, and other persons, including in certain cases dealings with or between our employees and subsidiaries. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services, and technologies, and in other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting a controlled item. Failure to comply with any regulations and sanctions could result in civil and criminal actions, monetary and non-monetary penalties, disruptions to our business, limitations on our ability to import and export products and services, and damage to our reputation. The EU Council has been working to expand renewable energy use, reduce consumption, and diversify energy sources due to reduced Russian energy supplies as a result of the war between Ukraine and Russia. This may impact energy availability and costs in Europe and could impact our European manufacturing operations and demand for our products in Europe. Ongoing conflicts may impact demand locally and globally while disrupting supply chains, increasing costs, and reducing shipping capacity, all of which could affect our financial results and customer demand. Escalating global conflicts, including in Ukraine and the Middle East, have heightened economic and geopolitical uncertainty. 15 Table of Contents Estimating the impact of ongoing global conflicts on supply chain disruptions and energy shortages is challenging. The Ukraine invasion and Middle East conflict could negatively affect our financial results and pose risks to our business. Additionally, uncertainties surrounding these conflicts persist, and their effects on the global economy and market conditions can change rapidly. Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by a cybersecurity attack. We rely on our technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders, support our customers, and bill, collect, and make payments. Our internally developed system and processes, as well as those provided by third-party vendors, may be susceptible to damage or interruption from cybersecurity incidents, such as terrorist or hacker attacks, the introduction of malicious computer viruses, ransomware, falsification of banking and other information, insider risk, or other security breaches. If there is a cybersecurity incident, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of assets or data, or reduced functionality. Many of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for every eventuality a cybersecurity incident could cause. Security breaches of our systems which allow inappropriate access to or inadvertent transfer of information and misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our employees, customers, or suppliers could result in our suffering significant financial and reputational damage. Customers may use our products and/or software to generate or manage critical information. Though we take steps to ensure our products and/or software are secure, it is possible that a cyber attack could result in the loss or compromise of critical information. If a customer alleges that a cyber attack causes or contributes to a loss or compromise of critical information, whether or not caused by us, we could face harm to our reputation and financial condition. The techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber attacks and compromise information technology infrastructure, as well as the sources and targets of these attacks, change and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for some time. In addition, there has been an increase in state-sponsored cyber attacks which are often conducted by capable, well-funded groups. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies amplify these concerns. Our mitigation measures reduce, but cannot eliminate, the risk of a cybersecurity incident, and our systems remain potentially vulnerable to cybersecurity threats. A cybersecurity incident would harm our reputation and financial condition and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to respond to such events. Our cyber liability insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our services or asset or data loss as a result of cybersecurity incidents. In addition, regulatory or legislative action related to cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection worldwide, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation, increases the costs to develop, implement, or secure our products or services. We expect cybersecurity regulations to continue to evolve and be costly to implement. If we violate or fail to comply with such regulatory or legislative requirements, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned, and such fines or penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. We are vulnerable to system failures and data loss risks, which could harm our business. We rely on our technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, support our customers, fulfill orders, and bill, collect, and make payments. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, malicious employees or employee negligence, computer viruses, and other events. When we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data, or reduced functionality. A significant number of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every 16 Table of Contents eventuality. Any interaction with third-party systems increases cyber attack risks. System failures could cause interruptions in our services, fraudulent or negligent loss of assets, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, which could harm our reputation and financial condition. Our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our services or data loss as a result of system failures. Customers may use our products and/or software to generate or manage confidential information. If a customer alleges system failures in our products and/or software cause or contribute to a loss of such confidential information, whether or not caused by us, we could face harm to our reputation and our financial condition and legal liability. We have also been implementing our Blue Ocean program to globalize our business processes and information technology systems that includes the implementation of a Company-wide enterprise resource planning system. This has been proceeding on a staggered basis over a multi-year period. We estimate that we have more than 95% of our users on the program and will continue to implement additional locations and functionality over the coming years. If our implementation is flawed, we could suffer interruptions in operations and customer-facing activities that could harm our competitive position, reputation, and financial condition or cause us to lose data, experience reduced functionality, or have delays in reporting financial information. In addition, the program has increased our reliance on a single information technology system, which would have greater consequences should we experience a system disruption. Our ability to manufacture and deliver products and services may be disrupted. We have key manufacturing facilities located in China, Europe, and the United States. Many of our products are developed and manufactured at single locations, with limited alternate facilities. In addition, a large portion of our products and spare parts are distributed through regional logistics centers, in which certain logistics activities are outsourced to third parties. If we experience any significant disruption in these facilities for any reason, such as global supply chain and production issues, changes in third-party service providers, pandemics, strikes or other labor unrest, labor shortages, power interruptions, cybersecurity attacks, fire, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, rising water levels, other weather events or natural disasters (including the potential impacts of climate change), or other events beyond our control, we may be unable to satisfy customer demand for our products or services resulting in lost sales. It may be expensive to resolve these issues, and some of these risks are not covered by insurance policies. More importantly, customers may switch to competitors and may not return to us even if we resolve the interruption. Our business would suffer if we were unable to obtain supplies of material. We purchase most of our raw materials, components, and supplies from multiple suppliers. Some items are purchased from a limited or single source of supply, and disruption of these sources whether as a result of issues with our suppliers' operation or the timely availability of shipments from freight carriers could affect our ability to manufacture products. Even where multiple sources of materials and components are available, the quality of the alternative materials, regulatory and contractual requirements to qualify materials for use in manufacturing, and the time required to establish new relationships with reliable suppliers could result in manufacturing delays and possible loss of sales. If we are unable to obtain materials or components for an extended time, this could damage our customer relationships and harm our financial condition or results of operations. Our product development efforts may not produce commercially viable products in a timely manner. To remain competitive, we must continue to make significant investments in research and development, sales and marketing, customer service and support, and operational excellence throughout 17 Table of Contents our supply chain to ensure that our products do not become technologically obsolete over time. We cannot be sure that we will have sufficient resources to continue to make these investments. In developing new products, we may be required to make substantial investments before we can determine their commercial viability. We continue to invest in global market trends around automation and digitalization, as well as technologies related to artificial intelligence (AI). We have several initiatives that further strengthen our capabilities to serve customers, and we continue to advance the digital capability of our products and software to provide additional insights and productivity improvements to our customers throughout their value chains. As we develop new products and software, such as those related to automation and digitalization trends, we are required to comply with additional regulations. If we fail to comply with the new regulations, it could affect the launch of the new product or software, in particular, and our company, as a whole. For instance, it is expected that laws and regulations around the use of AI and machine learning tools will increase over the next few years, but it is unknown at this time what these laws and regulations will address and how and whether they will be adopted globally. As we introduce AI and machine learning into our technology platform (as well as those of our customers through provision of our services), we could become subject to these new regulations, which may be difficult to comply with. Some of our competitors may not be required to comply with similar regulations, which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, challenges with properly managing the use of AI could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. Further, if we fail to adopt these new technologies, we may face price pressure from competitors using lower-cost AI systems. We may not be successful in developing new products and software, and we may never realize the benefits of our research and development activities, resulting in reduced sales, increased expenses, and a weakened competitive position. We face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties that we do not control, which could harm our business. We sell some products through third parties, including distributors and value-added resellers. This exposes us to various risks, including competitive pressure, concentration of sales volumes, credit risks, and compliance risks. With respect to certain products, we rely on one or a few key distributors for a product or market, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue and net earnings. Distributors may also face financial difficulties, especially during times of economic volatility, slow growth or recession, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivables. Violations of the FCPA or similar anti-bribery laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could materially impact our business. In addition to financial risk, the actions of some of our distributors could cause reputational harm, especially if our products are involved. Risks related to our use of distributors may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position. Departures of key employees could impair our operations. Key employees could leave the Company. If any key employees stopped working for us, our operations could be harmed. Important R&D personnel may leave and join competitors, which could substantially delay or hinder ongoing development projects. We have no key man life insurance policies with respect to any of our senior executives. 18 Table of Contents Strategic Risks A prolonged downturn or additional consolidation in the pharma/biopharmaceutical, food manufacturing, and chemical industries could adversely affect our operating results. A reduction in the capital resources or government funding of our customers could reduce our sales. Our products are used extensively in the pharma/biopharmaceutical, food manufacturing, and chemical industries. We recently experienced reduced demand in these segments, which negatively impacted our net sales over the past few years. Market demand in pharma/biopharmaceutical was particularly impacted in 2023 after significant growth during the COVID-19 pandemic. Consolidation in these industries also hurt our sales in the past. A prolonged global economic downturn, a downturn affecting one or more of these industries, or consolidation in any of these industries could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, the capital spending policies of our customers in these and other industries are based on a variety of factors we cannot control, including the resources available for purchasing equipment, the spending priorities among various types of equipment, and policies regarding capital expenditures. Any decrease or delay in capital spending by our customers would cause our revenues to decline and could harm our profitability. Changes in governmental regulations, such as policies reducing drug pricing like Most Favored Nation pricing, or a decline in government funding of research or education could reduce some customers ability to purchase our products. For example, recent cuts in U.S. governmental funding related to medical and scientific research has economically impacted government agencies and academic institutions who were the recipients of this funding in the past. We operate in highly competitive markets, and it may be difficult for us to preserve operating margins, gain market share, and maintain a technological advantage. Our markets are highly competitive. Many are fragmented both geographically and by application, particularly the industrial and food retailing markets. As a result, we have numerous regional or specialized competitors, many of which are well established in their markets. In addition, some of our competitors are divisions of larger companies with potentially greater financial and other resources than our own. There has also been an increase in the consolidation of precision instrument companies in recent years. Consolidation within our market could result in certain competitors becoming larger and having greater financial and other resources than our own. Some of our competitors are domiciled or operate in emerging markets and may have a lower cost structure than ours. We are confronted with new competitors in emerging markets which, although relatively small in size today, could become larger companies in their home markets. Given the sometimes significant growth rates of these emerging markets, and in light of their cost advantage over developed markets, emerging market competitors could become more significant global competitors. Taken together, the competitive forces present in our markets could harm our operating margins. We also expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new products with competitive prices. Prices have been affected by recently imposed tariffs and, if we cannot continue to pass the increased costs of tariffs to our customers, our margins could be impacted as we work to remain competitive. In addition, our competitors are expected to continue to improve their technology infrastructure, as well as the technology services offered to their customers, including the use of AI and machine learning solutions, to interact with suppliers, sell their products and services, and support and grow their customer base. Our ability to innovate our own technology infrastructure and appropriately address user experience could affect our ability to compete. Although we believe that our products and services have advantages over our competitors, we may not be able to realize and maintain these advantages. 19 Table of Contents We may face risks associated with acquisitions. We have pursued in the past, and may in the future pursue acquisitions of complementary product lines, technologies, or businesses, but these involve risks such as integration challenges, management distractions, and potential loss of key employees. Future acquisitions may also lead to stock issuances that dilute current shareholders, increased debt and liabilities, and higher amortization expenses for intangible assets. Any of these risks could materially impact our profitability. Larger companies are increasingly targeting life sciences and instruments, potentially altering competition for potential targets. Additionally, we may face challenges in identifying, completing, or integrating future acquisitions, and even successful acquisitions may not positively impact our business or results. We must also estimate the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, relying on valuation models with inherent uncertainties and our judgment regarding certain assumptions. Financial Risks Currency fluctuations affect our operating profits. Our earnings are affected by changing exchange rates. We are particularly sensitive to changes in the exchange rates between the Swiss franc, euro, Chinese renminbi, and U.S. dollar. We have more Swiss franc expenses than we do Swiss franc sales because we develop and manufacture products in Switzerland that we sell globally and have a number of corporate functions located in Switzerland. When the Swiss franc strengthens against our other trading currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar and euro, our earnings go down. We also have significantly more sales in the euro than we do expenses. When the euro weakens against the U.S. dollar and Swiss franc, our earnings also go down. We estimate a 1% strengthening of the Swiss franc against the euro would reduce our earnings before tax by approximately $2.8 million to $3.1 million annually. We also conduct business throughout the world, including Asia Pacific, the United Kingdom, Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Canada. Fluctuations in these currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar can also affect our operating results. The most significant of these currency exposures is the Chinese renminbi. The impact on our earnings before tax of the Chinese renminbi weakening 1% against the U.S. dollar is a reduction of approximately $2.2 million to $2.6 million annually. In addition to the effects of exchange rate movements on operating profits, our debt levels can fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates, particularly between the U.S. dollar, the Swiss franc, and the euro. Based on our outstanding debt at December 31, 2025, we estimate that a 5% weakening of the U.S. dollar against the currencies in which our debt is denominated would result in an increase of $53.7 million in the reported U.S. dollar value of our debt. Inflation can impact our operating results and the global economy. Inflation affects the costs of goods and services that we use, including raw materials to manufacture our products, as well as transportation and logistical costs and other external costs and services. Inflation also affects labor costs, which are a significant element of our overall cost structure. If these costs cannot be passed on to customers, our margins could be reduced. Recent rates of inflation also led to increased interest rates as country monetary policies combat inflation, which resulted in reduced economic growth and recessionary conditions, as well as higher borrowing costs. Even though inflation has generally moderated, it continues to be elevated in certain jurisdictions and could prove to be persistent as a result of new tariffs imposed by the U.S. and other countries. These inflationary conditions could have a greater impact on our operating results in future years. The pace of inflationary changes can also occur more quickly than our ability to respond with corresponding price increases and cost optimization or reduction measures. In addition, there may be 20 Table of Contents differences in inflation rates between countries where we incur the major portion of our costs and other countries where we sell products, which may limit our ability to recover increased costs. The competitive environment in which we operate may also limit our ability to recover higher costs through increased selling prices. Historically, we also have experienced higher inflation in China, Eastern Europe, India, and Brazil. To date, these inflationary conditions have not had a material effect on our operating results. However, given our presence in China, Eastern Europe, India, and Brazil, conditions in these regions could have a greater impact on our operating results. We may experience impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets. As of December 31, 2025, our consolidated balance sheet included goodwill of $739.2 million and other intangible assets of $278.9 million. Our business acquisitions typically result in goodwill and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment expense. We make estimates and assumptions in valuing such intangible assets that affect our consolidated financial statements. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired. The evaluation may be based on valuation models that estimate fair value. In preparing the valuation models, we consider a number of factors, including operating results, business plans, economic conditions, future cash flows, and transaction and market data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and our judgment in applying them to the impairment analyses. The significant estimates and assumptions within our fair value models include sales growth, controllable cost growth, perpetual growth, effective tax rates, and discount rates. Our assessments to date have indicated that there has been no impairment of these assets. Should any of these estimates or assumptions change, or should we incur lower-than-expected operating performance or cash flows, including from a prolonged economic slowdown, we may experience a triggering event that requires a new fair value assessment for our reporting units, possibly prior to the required annual assessment. These types of events and resulting analysis could result in impairment charges for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets if the fair value estimate declines below the carrying value. Our amortization expense related to intangible assets with finite lives may materially change should our estimates of their useful lives change. Concerns regarding the Eurozone debt levels and market perception related to the instability of the euro could affect our operating profits. We conduct business in many countries that use the euro as their currency (the Eurozone). There are concerns regarding the debt burden of certain Eurozone countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations, as a result of rising interest rates, fiscal pressures from defense spending, and slow growth. In addition, concerns in the past have existed regarding the overall stability of the euro and the suitability of the euro as a single currency given the diverse economic and political circumstances in individual Eurozone countries. These concerns and issues could lead to the re-introduction of individual currencies in one or more Eurozone countries or, in more extreme circumstances, the possible dissolution of the euro currency entirely. Should the euro dissolve entirely, the legal and contractual consequences for holders of euro-denominated obligations would be determined by laws in effect at such time. These potential developments, or market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect the value 21 Table of Contents of our euro-denominated assets and obligations. In addition, concerns over the effect of this type of financial crisis on financial institutions in Europe and globally could have an adverse effect on the global capital markets and, more specifically, on the ability of our Company, our customers, suppliers, and lenders to finance their respective businesses and to access liquidity at acceptable financing costs, if at all, on the availability of supplies and materials, and on the demand for our products. Legal, Tax, Regulatory, and Other Risks Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or additional income tax liabilities could impact our profitability. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various other jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses among different jurisdictions. Our effective tax rates and tax obligations could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or rates (including the potential implementation of various U.S. tax proposals), changes in the mix of earnings by jurisdiction, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and material adjustments from tax audits. In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the U.S., is dependent upon our ability to generate future taxable income in the U.S. In addition, the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits in various jurisdictions, and a material assessment by a governing tax authority could affect our profitability. Our tax expense and tax obligations could increase as a result of changing the application of tax law. Governments are facing greater pressure on public finances, which could lead to more aggressive application of existing tax laws and regulations. Governments also periodically change tax laws and regulations. The Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) has adopted changes to the current transfer pricing arm s length standard for allocating profit as well as a 15% minimum tax by jurisdiction. While the provision to alter the way profit is allocated by jurisdiction is not expected to impact the Company, the 15% minimum tax by jurisdiction may adversely impact our global tax provision. Any changes in corporate income tax rates or regulations, on repatriation of dividends, earnings, share repurchases, or capital, or on transfer pricing, as well as changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, could adversely affect our cash flow and increase our overall tax burden, which would negatively affect our profitability. Potential OECD changes impacting consumer businesses could also have an unfavorable effect on some of our key customer segments such as pharmaceutical and food manufacturing, which could result in a decline or delay in capital spending by our customers and a resulting decline in our revenues and profitability. We may be adversely affected by tariffs and other trade restrictions and by failure to comply with regulations of governmental agencies or by the adoption of new regulations. Political policies in the U.S., China, Europe, Mexico, and Canada may affect global trade, reduce domestic purchasing power, and create uncertainty. In 2025, the U.S. government enacted incremental tariff rates on imports from several foreign countries, which remain subject to negotiation and change, and the Chinese government implemented retaliatory tariffs resulting in incremental tariff costs of approximately $50 million in 2025. Accordingly, tariffs have raised the cost of our products, components, and raw materials, negatively impacting our gross margin. In addition, foreign governments, including 22 Table of Contents China, have enacted domestic purchasing requirements favoring local competition, which could reduce our sales. We have implemented mitigating actions, including increasing our pricing and optimizing our global supply chain. Although we have implemented various actions to mitigate the effect of current tariffs, they may be inadequate to cover the potential costs of future tariffs that may be enacted. In addition, higher prices may also reduce our competitiveness and customer demand. Our products are subject to other regulations by governmental agencies, as well. These other regulations govern a wide variety of activities relating to our products, including design and development, product safety, labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales, and distribution. We also operate a global business and are subject to various laws and regulations in the many markets where we do business, including those relating to competition, employment and labor practices, international trade, and corruption. If we fail to comply with these regulations, or if new regulations are adopted that substantially change existing practices or impose new burdens, we may have to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution. In addition, we could be subject to government investigation, which could materially increase our costs, affect our reputation, subject us to fines and criminal prosecution, and other damages that could impact our profitability. The various trade policy and regulatory actions described above may restrict our access to lower-cost countries in certain circumstances and have created uncertainty, negatively impacting global markets, and has made it more difficult and costly for us to import our products into certain countries. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies could also lead to an economic downturn, increased inflation, and/or could create unfavorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates (see above description "Currency fluctuations affect our operating profits."). In times of uncertainty, some customers delay investments or defer normal replacement cycles, which has an adverse impact on our sales. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions or other governmental action related to tariffs, trade agreements, or policies have the potential to further adversely impact our business and financial performance. If we cannot protect our intellectual property rights, or if we infringe or misappropriate the proprietary rights of others, our operating results could be harmed. Our success depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, and enforce patents on our technology, maintain our trademarks, and protect our trade secrets. Our patents do not provide complete protection and expire from time to time, and competitors have developed similar products that may not be covered by our patents. Our patents have also been challenged by third parties and invalidated or narrowed. We may experience a decline in sales and/or profitability as a result of these occurrences. Competitors sometimes seek to take advantage of our trademarks or brands in ways that may create customer confusion or weaken our brand. Improper use or disclosure of our trade secrets could also occur. We have also been sued in the past for alleged infringement on the intellectual property rights of others. The cost of litigation can affect our profitability regardless of the outcome, and management attention can be diverted. If we are unsuccessful in such litigation, we may have to pay damages, stop the infringing activity, and/or obtain a license. If we fail to obtain a required license, we may be unable to sell some of our products, which could result in a decline in our revenues. We may be adversely affected by environmental and climate change laws, regulations, and expectations. We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations and incur expenditures in complying with environmental laws and regulations. For instance, federal, international, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies are increasingly focused on combating and/or limiting the effects of climate change 23 Table of Contents through a variety of means, including regulating greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, implementing policies mandating or promoting the use of renewable or zero-carbon energy and sustainability initiatives, and additional taxes on fuel and energy. Increasing public interest in climate change topics may result in the enactment of additional disjointed governmental laws and regulations related to this subject area. Such increased compliance burdens and costs could disrupt the sourcing, manufacturing, and distribution of our products and adversely affect our business, and financial condition, or results in operations. In addition, evolving and sometimes conflicting stakeholder expectations with respect to climate-change-related Company policies, actions, or goals, could expose us to legal and reputational risks. We are currently involved in, or have potential liability with respect to, the remediation of past contamination in various facilities. In addition, some of our facilities are or have been in operation for many decades and may have used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are hazardous or may be considered hazardous in the future. These sites and disposal sites owned by others to which we sent waste may in the future be identified as contaminated and require remediation. Accordingly, it is possible that we could become subject to additional environmental liabilities in the future that may harm our results of operations or financial condition. Climate change, or the effects of climate change, may negatively affect us. Climate change risks could negatively impact our business. Climate-related changes may increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters, such as extreme weather events, wildfires, rising temperatures, and shifting precipitation patterns. These disruptions could affect our suppliers' ability to fulfill contracts due to workforce and infrastructure challenges, impacting material availability and costs. Additionally, rising insurance and operating expenses from climate-related disruptions could adversely affect our financial performance. We may be adversely affected by regulations and market expectations related to sourcing and our supply chain, including conflict minerals. The SEC has adopted disclosures and reporting requirements for companies whose products contain certain minerals and their derivatives, namely tin, tantalum, tungsten, or gold, known as conflict minerals. Companies must report annually whether or not such minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries. These requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability, and pricing of materials used in the manufacturing of our products. In addition, we have incurred additional costs to comply with the disclosure requirements, including costs related to determining the source of any of the relevant minerals used in our products. Since our supply chain is complex, due diligence procedures we have implemented to understand the origins of the minerals we use in our operations may not enable us to ascertain with sufficient certainty the origins for these minerals or determine that these minerals are DRC conflict free, which may harm our reputation. We may also face difficulties in satisfying customers and other stakeholders who may require that our products be certified as DRC conflict free, which could harm our relationships with these customers and/or lead to a loss of revenue. These requirements also could have the effect of limiting the pool of suppliers from which we source these minerals, and we may be unable to obtain conflict-free minerals at prices similar to the past, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our manufacturing operations and our profitability. Future laws, regulations, or customers may make additional demands on our supply chain, including more transparency into the activities of our suppliers with regard to human rights and sustainable sourcing. Increased demands may cause us to incur increased supply chain costs. If we cannot satisfy customers demands, we may lose business, and if we cannot meet new regulatory requirements, we may have to alter our sourcing at increased expense. 24 Table of Contents Our ability to generate and repatriate cash depends in part on factors beyond our control. Our ability to make payments on our debt and to fund our share repurchase program, planned capital expenditures, research and development efforts, and acquisitions depends on our ability to generate and repatriate cash. This is subject to factors beyond our control, including general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, governmental, and other factors described in this section. We cannot ensure that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under our credit facility, or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We cannot ensure that we will be able to refinance any of our debt, including our credit facility and the senior notes, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our ability to fund our share repurchase program is also dependent on our ability to repatriate our international cash flows. Changes in governmental cash repatriation policies, restrictions, or tax laws could impair our ability to continue our share repurchase program. Risks Related to Our Debt We have debt and we may incur substantially more debt, which could affect our financial position and may otherwise restrict our activities. We have debt and we may incur substantial additional debt in the future. As of December 31, 2025, we had a total indebtedness of approximately $2.2 billion, net of cash of $66.9 million. Our debt instruments allow us to incur substantial additional indebtedness. The existence and magnitude of our debt could have important consequences. For example, it could make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our debt instruments; and require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to payments on our indebtedness, which would reduce the amount of cash flow available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development, and other corporate requirements; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including changes in raw material costs; limit our ability to respond to business opportunities; limit our ability to borrow additional funds, which may be necessary; and subject us to financial and other restrictive covenants, as more fully described below. The agreements governing our debt impose restrictions on our business. The note purchase agreements governing our notes and the agreements governing our credit facility contain covenants imposing various restrictions on our business. These restrictions may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. The restrictions these covenants place on us include limitations on our ability to incur liens and consolidate, merge, sell, or lease all or substantially all of our assets. Our credit facility and the note purchase agreements governing our senior notes also require us to meet certain financial ratios. Our ability to comply with these agreements may be affected by events beyond our control, including economic, financial, and industry conditions. The breach of any covenants or restrictions could result in a default under the note purchase agreements governing the senior notes and/or under our credit facility. An event of default under the agreements governing our debt would permit holders of our debt to declare all amounts owed to them under such agreements to be immediately due and payable. Acceleration of our other indebtedness may cause us to be unable to make interest payments on the senior notes and repay the principal amount of the senior notes. 25 Table of Contents The lenders under our credit agreement may be unable to meet their funding commitments, reducing the amount of our borrowing capacity. We have a revolving credit facility outstanding under which the Company and certain of its subsidiaries may borrow up to $1.35 billion. Our credit facility is provided by a group of 13 financial institutions, which individually have between 4% and 11% of the total funding commitment. At December 31, 2025, we had borrowings of $813.7 million outstanding under our credit facility. Our ability to borrow further funds under our credit facility is subject to the various lenders financial condition and ability to make funds available. If one or more of the lenders encounters financial difficulties or goes bankrupt, such lenders may be unable to meet their obligations. This could result in us being unable to borrow the full $1.35 billion amount available. General RISK FACTORS We make forward-looking statements, and actual events or results may differ materially from these statements because assumptions we have made prove incorrect due to market conditions in our industries or other factors. We provide forward-looking statements both in our filings with the SEC and orally in connection with our quarterly earnings calls, and other events and presentations, including guidance on anticipated sales growth and earnings per share. Our actual results or performance may be materially different than reflected in forward-looking statements because of various risks and uncertainties. Our forward-looking statements may not be accurate or complete, and we do not intend to update or revise them in light of actual results. New risks also periodically arise. Please consider the risks and factors that could cause our results to differ materially from what is described in our forward-looking statements. See in particular Factors Affecting Our Future Operating Results and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. In providing guidance on our future earnings, we evaluate our budgets, strategic plans, and other factors relating to our business. We make assumptions about external factors, including the following: the outlook for our end markets and the global economy; the level of U.S. import tariffs, as well as the impact of retaliatory tariffs from other countries the impact of external factors on our competition; the financial position of our customers and their willingness to pay for our products and services; the estimated costs of purchasing materials; the estimated costs and performance of transportation and logistics, including third-party service providers; developments in personnel costs; our estimated income tax expense; and rates for currency exchange, particularly between the Chinese renminbi and the U.S. dollar and between the Swiss franc and the euro. These assumptions may prove to be incorrect over time. For example, although no single end-customer accounts for more than 1% of our revenues, if a number of our customers experienced significant deterioration in their financial positions concurrently, it could have an impact on our results of operations. 26 Table of Contents Some of our key internal assumptions include the following: our ability to implement our business strategy; our ability to implement price increases as forecasted; the effectiveness of our sales and marketing programs such as our Spinnaker, market penetration, and Field Turbo initiatives; the effectiveness of our programs to improve our service business, including growth, globalization, and productivity initiatives; our ability to develop and deliver innovative products and services; the continued growth of our sales in emerging markets; our ability to mitigate increase tariff costs; and the effectiveness of our productivity and cost-saving initiatives. These internal assumptions may also prove to be incorrect over time. For example, with respect to our ability to realize our planned price increases without disturbing our customer base in core markets, in certain markets, such as emerging markets, price tends to be a more significant factor in customers decisions to purchase our products and services. Furthermore, we can have no assurance that our cost reduction programs will generate adequate cost savings. Additionally, it may become necessary to take additional restructuring actions resulting in additional restructuring costs. Should any of our assumptions prove to be incorrect, or should we incur lower-than-expected operating performance or cash flows, we may experience results different than our projections. Our business involves certain operating risks, and our insurance may not be adequate to cover all insured losses or liabilities we might incur in our operations. We have procured various insurance policies for certain types of insurance coverage and in varying coverage amounts. Our insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities that we might incur in our operations. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies may substantially increase. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. We also are subject to the risk that we may be unable to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at a reasonable cost. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were uninsured or for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
