. RISK FACTORS In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, this section discusses important factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us. The order of presentation is not necessarily indicative of the level of risk that each factor poses to us. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. Risk Factor Summary Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry volatility in average selling prices of our products; a range of factors that may adversely affect our gross margins; our international operations, including geopolitical risks; the highly competitive nature of our industry; our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products; realizing expected returns from capacity expansions; achieving or maintaining certain outcomes and the compliance requirements associated with incentives from various governments; availability and quality of materials, supplies, electrical power, gas, water, and capital equipment, or dependency on third-party service providers; a downturn or ongoing adverse conditions in regional or worldwide economies; disruptions to our manufacturing process from operational issues, natural disasters, or other events; dependency on certain customers, including international customers, and end markets; products that fail to meet specifications, are defective, or are incompatible with end uses; breaches of our security systems or products, systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions of our systems or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners; uncertainties and outcomes associated with the use and evolution of AI; attracting, retaining, and motivating highly skilled employees; responsible sourcing requirements and related regulations; sustainability and governance expectations or standards; acquisitions and/or strategic transactions; and restructure plans may not realize expected savings or other benefits. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Litigation protecting our intellectual property and retaining key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property; legal, regulatory and administrative investigations, inquiries, proceedings, and claims; and claims that our products or manufacturing processes infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others or failure to obtain or renew license agreements covering such intellectual property. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations impacts of government actions and compliance with tariffs, trade restrictions, and/or trade regulations; tax expense and tax laws in key jurisdictions; and compliance with laws, regulations, or industry standards, including environmental considerations. Risks Related to Capitalization and Financial Markets our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing; our debt obligations; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; counterparty default risk; volatility in the trading price of our common stock; and fluctuations in the amount and frequency of our common stock repurchases and payment of cash dividends and resulting impacts. 22 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry Volatility in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory and storage products may adversely affect our business. We have experienced significant volatility in our average selling prices and may continue to experience such volatility in the future. In the past five years, annual percentage changes in DRAM average selling prices have ranged from plus low 40% to a minus high 40% range. In the past five years, annual percentage changes in NAND average selling prices have ranged from plus low 30% to a minus low 50% range. In some prior periods, average selling prices for our products have been below our manufacturing costs and we may experience such circumstances in the future. In periods of significant declines in average selling prices for our products, we have experienced adverse effects on our business and results of operations. Significant declines in average selling prices in future periods could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our gross margins may be adversely affected by a range of factors. In addition to the impact of our average selling prices, our gross margins are dependent, in part, upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce our per gigabit manufacturing costs at sufficient levels to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins include, but are not limited to: strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix; increasing complexity of our product portfolio, which may impact operational costs; increasing complexity of manufacturing processes; difficulties in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies or additional 3D memory layers or NAND cell levels; process complexity including number of mask layers and fabrication steps; manufacturing yield and defect density; technological barriers; changes in process technologies; new products that may require relatively larger die sizes or advanced packaging technologies; start-up or other costs associated with capacity expansions; regional cost differences that may become more pronounced when we transition the manufacture of certain products within our global network; higher costs of goods and services due to, among other things, inflationary pressures, regulatory actions, including tariffs or trade restrictions, increased input costs, or market conditions; and higher manufacturing costs per gigabit due to fabrication facility underutilization, lower wafer output, and insufficient volume to run new technology nodes to achieve cost optimization. Many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which have in the past and could in the future lead to underutilization of our production assets. These factors may include, among others, a weak demand environment, industry oversupply, inventory surpluses, difficulties in ramping emerging technologies, supply chain disruptions, and delays from equipment suppliers. A significant portion of our manufacturing costs are fixed and do not vary proportionally with changes in production output. As a result, lower utilization, lower wafer output, and corresponding increases in our per gigabit manufacturing costs could result in higher inventory carrying costs, and have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our gross margins, business, results of operations, or financial condition. We operate in a dynamic and rapidly evolving industry where the timeframes for product transitions, facility expansions, production ramps, and supply chain shifts are increasingly compressed. To remain competitive, we must continuously develop and implement new products and technologies and decrease manufacturing costs in spite of inflationary pressures and regulatory uncertainty. As we streamline our production and shift capacity to leading-edge nodes, we face execution risks that could impact our ability to meet customer demand and maintain market coverage. 23 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents There can be no assurance we will be able to do the following: timely identify and address technology inflections and market changes; accurately forecast demand and inventory levels of our customers or distributors; timely ramp production as we transition our operations footprint to new fabrication facilities; maintain operational flexibility in response to unforeseen changes in customer demand; and maintain supply scalability during downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete as we streamline our product portfolio to drive further fabrication efficiencies. Our ability to execute on multiple transitions simultaneously, while maintaining supply continuity, quality standards, and cost competitiveness, is critical to sustaining our market position. If we do not successfully anticipate technology inflections and respond to changes in customer requirements and market changes, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Any misalignment between forecasted and actual demand, or delays in ramping new technologies, could result in elevated inventory levels, underutilized capacity, and gross margin pressure. We have a broad portfolio of products to address our customers needs, which span multiple market segments and are subject to rapid technological changes. Our manufacturing costs on a per gigabit basis vary across our portfolio as they are largely influenced by the technology node in which the solution was developed. We strive to balance our demand and supply for each technology node, but the dynamics of our markets and our customers can create periods of imbalance, which can lead us to carry elevated inventory levels and underutilized capacity. Consequently, we may incur charges in connection with obsolete or excess inventories, or we may not fully recover our costs, which would reduce our gross margins. In addition, due to the customized nature of certain products we manufacture, we may be unable to sell certain finished goods inventories to alternative customers or manufacture in-process inventory to different specifications, which may result in excess and obsolescence charges in future periods. In addition, if we are unable to supply products that meet customer design and performance specifications, we may be required to sell such products at lower average selling prices, which may reduce our gross margins. Our gross margins may also be impacted by shifts in product mix, driven by our strategy to optimize our portfolio to best respond to changing market dynamics. We may not be able to predict or quickly respond to trends in the dynamics of our markets and our customers or changes in customer demand, which could negatively impact our gross margin. Although AI is a relatively new demand driver for our products, it is evolving rapidly, and the expected timing and amount of investments related to AI can change significantly. As a result, it may be difficult to accurately forecast such demand and we may incur costs in anticipation of demand that ultimately does not materialize. If such demand does materialize, but is lower than expected, we may not be able to reduce our costs in response, which would adversely impact our gross margins. Our inability to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition to our U.S. operations, a substantial portion of our operations are conducted in Taiwan, Singapore, Japan, Malaysia, China, and India, and many of our customers, suppliers, and vendors also operate internationally. In 2025, approximately one-third of our revenue was from sales to customers who have headquarters located outside the United States, while approximately 80% of our revenue in 2025 was from products shipped to customer locations outside the United States. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including: restrictions on sales of goods or services to one or more of our significant foreign customers; export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, customs regulations and processes, and restrictions on the transfer of funds, including currency controls and global tariffs, which could negatively affect the amount and timing of payments from certain of our customers and, as a result, our cash flows; 24 Table of Contents compliance with U.S. and international laws involving international operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, sanctions and anti-corruption laws, export and import laws, intellectual property, cybersecurity and data privacy laws, and similar rules and regulations; theft of intellectual property; political and economic instability, including instability resulting from domestic and international conflicts; government actions or civil unrest preventing the flow of products and materials, including delays in shipping and obtaining products and materials, cancellation of orders, or loss or damage of products; public perception of governments in the regions where we operate; problems with the transportation or delivery of products and materials; issues arising from cultural or language differences and labor unrest; longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; compliance with trade, technical standards, and other laws in a variety of jurisdictions; contractual and regulatory limitations on the ability to maintain flexibility with staffing levels; disruptions to manufacturing or R&D activities as a result of actions imposed by governments; changes in economic policies of foreign governments; loss of market share in foreign jurisdictions resulting from political and regulatory uncertainty regarding possible trade restrictions, domestic sourcing initiatives, or other government actions; difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and public health issues. If we or our customers, suppliers, or vendors are impacted by any of these risks, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Following the May 2023 decision of its cybersecurity review of our products sold in China, the CAC determined that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products, impacting our revenue with companies headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, including direct sales as well as indirect sales through distributors. Further actions by the Chinese government, through CAC action or other means, could impact revenue inside or outside China, or our operations in China, or our ability to ship products to our customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition, the U.S. government has in the past and continues to restrict American firms, including us, from selling products and software to certain of our customers and may in the future impose similar restrictions on one or more of our significant customers. We may not be able to fully prevent the unauthorized resale, diversion, or misuse of our products by third parties. These restrictions may not prohibit our competitors from selling similar products to our customers, which may result in a loss of sales and market share. Even as such restrictions are lifted, financial or other penalties or continuing export restrictions imposed with respect to our customers could have a continuing negative impact on our future revenue and results of operations, and we may not be able to recover any customers or market share we lose, or make such recoveries at acceptable average selling prices, while complying with such restrictions. Political, economic, or other actions may adversely affect our operations in Taiwan. A majority of our DRAM production output in 2025 was from our fabrication facilities in Taiwan, and any loss of output could have a material adverse effect on us. Any political, economic, or other actions may also adversely affect our customers and the technology industry supply chain, for which Taiwan is a central hub, and as a result, could have a material adverse impact on us. 25 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; SK hynix Inc.; Kioxia Holdings Corporation; Sandisk Corporation; ChangXin Memory Technologies, Inc. ( CXMT ); and Yangtze Memory Technologies Co., Ltd. ( YMTC ). Our competitors may use aggressive pricing to obtain market share. Some of our competitors are large corporations or conglomerates that may operate in jurisdictions with lower labor and compliance costs and may have a larger market share and greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Consolidation of industry competitors could put us at a competitive disadvantage as our competitors may benefit from increased manufacturing scale and a stronger product portfolio. Alternatively, new entrants into the memory and storage market could have a significant adverse impact on our competitive position. We operate in different jurisdictions than our competitors and may be impacted by unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates, import/export restrictions, and other trade regulations, including tariffs. In addition, governments have provided, and may continue to provide, significant assistance, financial or otherwise, to some of our competitors or to new entrants and may intervene in support of national industries and/or competitors. As a result, we face the threat of increasing competition and DRAM and NAND oversupply due to significant investment in the semiconductor industry, including by the Chinese government and various state-owned or affiliated entities, such as CXMT and YMTC. In addition, the CAC s decision that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products had an adverse impact on our ability to compete effectively in China and elsewhere. We intend to advance our process technology to increase bit output per wafer, improve yields, and increase wafer supply. In addition, our competitors may increase capital expenditures resulting in future increases in worldwide supply. We, and some of our competitors, have plans to construct new fabrication facilities and/or ramp production at existing fabrication facilities. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, could lead to declines in average selling prices for our products and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Additionally, rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. If competitors are more successful at developing or implementing new product or process technology, their products could have cost or performance advantages. The competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products. Our key semiconductor memory and storage technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. These barriers include achieving acceptable yields and quality for HBM products with their multiple chip layers, potential limitations on stacking additional 3D memory layers, increasing bits per cell (i.e., cell levels), meeting higher density requirements, developing advanced packaging solutions, improving power consumption and reliability, and delivering advanced features and higher performance. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate, which has generally reduced per gigabit cost. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products and process technologies, such as EUV lithography, to continue to deliver advanced product requirements. Such new technologies can add complexity and risk to our schedule and may affect our costs and production output. We may be unable to recover our investment in R&D or otherwise realize the economic benefits of reducing die size or increasing memory and storage densities. Our competitors are working to develop new memory and storage technologies that may offer performance and/or cost advantages to existing technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. Accordingly, our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies. 26 Table of Contents We are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new semiconductor product and system-level solution development. We are increasingly differentiating our products and solutions to meet the specific demands of our customers, which increases our reliance on our customers ability to accurately forecast the needs and preferences of their customers. In addition, our ability to successfully introduce new products often requires us to make product specification decisions multiple years in advance of when new products enter the market. Recent technologies, such as generative AI models have emerged, and while they have driven increased demand for HBM and other advanced products in the data center and other markets, the long-term trajectory is unknown and associated demand may fluctuate. Due to the higher performance and more complex manufacturing process, HBM requires a higher number of wafers and more cleanroom space to produce the same number of bits as conventional DRAM in the same technology node. If demand for HBM weakens and suppliers shift capacity from HBM to conventional DRAM, this could result in a significant increase in conventional DRAM supply. An oversupplied DRAM market may lead to downward pressure on pricing, which could adversely impact our financial results. Our product demand may also be impacted significantly by the strategic actions of our customers. It is important that we deliver products in a timely manner that meet customer requirements at the time our customers are designing and evaluating samples for their products. If we do not meet their product design schedules, our customers may exclude us from further consideration as a supplier for those products. The process to develop new products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality, performance, and reliability, often well in advance of a planned ramp of production, in order to secure design wins with our customers. Many factors may negatively impact our ability to meet anticipated timelines and/or expected or required quality standards with respect to the development of certain of our products. In addition, some of our components have long lead-times, requiring us to place orders up to a year in advance of anticipated demand. Such long lead-times increase the risk of excess inventory or loss of sales in the event our forecasts vary substantially from actual demand. There can be no assurance of the following: we will be successful in developing competitive new semiconductor memory and storage technologies and products; we will be able to cost-effectively manufacture new products; we will be able to successfully achieve revenue targets for these technologies; margins and cash flows generated from sales of these products will allow us to recover costs of development efforts; we will be able to establish or maintain key relationships with customers, or that we will not be prohibited from working with certain customers, for specific chip set or design requirements; we will accurately predict and design products that meet our customers specifications; or we will be able to introduce new products into the market and qualify them with our customers on a timely basis. Unsuccessful efforts to develop new memory and storage technologies and products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may not be able to achieve expected returns from capacity expansions. We have commenced expansion of our production capacity in the United States and in other regions where we operate. Semiconductor fabs are complex, capital-intensive projects and require specialized knowledge, expertise, experience, and skill sets to construct and operate. Our construction projects are highly dependent on available sources of materials, and specialized equipment, as well as labor, skilled sub-contractors and other service providers. Increasing demand, supply constraints, inflation, tariffs, trade restrictions, and other market conditions could result in shortages and higher costs. Additionally, difficulties in obtaining labor, skilled sub-contractors and other service providers or other resources could result in delays in completion of our construction projects and cost increases, including costs to operate these facilities. In the United States and in certain other regions, fab building has been uncommon in recent years. Concurrent semiconductor expansion projects across the industry introduce significant competition for the limited pool of 27 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents construction talent with requisite expertise and experience in these regions. As such, expanding production capacity in the United States and certain other regions may introduce more challenges than we would experience in geographies with more established ecosystems. In addition, these expansions involve several risks including the following: inability to meet capital expenditure requirements for capacity expansions, including during periods of relatively low free cash flow generation, resulting from challenging memory and storage industry conditions; unavailability of necessary funding, which may include external sources; inability to realize expected grants, investment tax credits, and other government incentives, including through the CHIPS Act and other national, international, state, and local grants; potential changes in laws or provisions of grants, investment tax credits, and other government incentives, including the CHIPS Act; delays and potential restrictions related to environmental and other government regulations or permits; potential restrictions on expanding in certain geographies; inability to complete construction as scheduled and within budget; inability to attract, retain and motivate key talent; inability to timely ramp production in a cost-effective manner; increases to our cost structure until new production is ramped to adequate scale; and insufficient customer demand to utilize our increased capacity. From time to time, we have experienced impacts from certain of the above items and, because these risks are a characteristic of our business, we expect to experience them in the future. Depending on the nature and extent of the impact from these risks, we may be unable to produce sufficient capacity in the expected timeframe which could result in delays in the completion of our construction projects and increased costs, including costs to operate these facilities. We have a broad portfolio of products to address our customers needs, which span multiple market segments and are subject to rapid technological changes. We invest our capital in areas that we believe best align with our business strategy and optimize future returns. Investments in capital expenditures may not generate expected returns or cash flows. Significant judgment is required to determine which capital investments will result in optimal returns, and we could invest in projects that are ultimately less profitable than those projects we do not select. Our strategic decision-making process involves careful evaluation and prioritization of investments to ensure alignment with our long-term goals. Additionally, we may choose to exit business segments that do not provide us with optimal returns. As we streamline our product portfolio, we may face execution risks that could impact our ability to support demand and maintain share in certain markets. Further, as we continue to optimize the efficiency of our fabrication facilities to support demand from leading edge notes, any delays in completion and ramping of new production facilities, or failure to optimize our investment choices, could significantly impact our ability to realize expected returns on our capital expenditures. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 28 Table of Contents Our incentives from various governments are conditioned upon achieving or maintaining certain outcomes and satisfying compliance requirements and are subject to reduction, termination, or clawback, and could impose certain limitations on our business. We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, benefits and incentives from national, state, and local governments in various regions of the world designed to encourage us to establish, maintain, or increase investment, workforce, research and development, or production in those regions. However, there is no guarantee that such government incentives and benefits will continue to be available in the future on the same terms, terms that are acceptable to us or at all and existing incentives could be modified or terminated by government authorities. In addition, we have discretion in the timing of use of certain of these incentives. If we choose to exercise such discretion due to the cyclicality of our business or other factors, we may not be able to fully utilize these incentives. Our future business plans may be impacted by obtaining these government incentives, which may take various forms, including grants, subsidies, loans, and tax arrangements, and typically require us to achieve or maintain certain levels of investment, capital spending, employment, technology deployment or development milestones, construction or production milestones, or research and development activities to qualify for such incentives or could restrict us from undertaking certain activities. We may fail to achieve these milestones, in a timely manner or at all, due to a variety of factors, some of which may be outside of our control, including a cyclical downturn in our business or global downturn. Failure to achieve such milestones could result in up to all of certain incentives being clawed back, in some cases along with interest and/or loss of project assets. In some cases, these incentives have additional terms and conditions regarding our business operations or governance that are required to be satisfied as a condition to receive incentives or disbursements. Compliance with these terms and conditions may add complexity to our operations and increase our costs and failure to comply could result in termination of incentive programs or clawbacks of incentive amounts received, in some cases along with interest and/or loss of project assets. We may be unable to obtain sufficient future incentives to continue to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and operating costs, without which our cost structure may be adversely impacted and planned capital expenditures and research and development expenditures may be affected. For example, in December 2024, we entered into direct funding agreements, providing funds for the construction of fab facilities in Idaho and New York, with the United States Department of Commerce (the Department ) under the Department s CHIPS Incentives Program established pursuant to the CHIPS Act. In June 2025, such agreements were subsequently amended to expand our investments, and we entered into a direct funding agreement to provide funds to expand and modernize our fab in Virginia. The awards under the direct funding agreements are subject to various conditions and we may not receive the funding expected on the same terms or at all. We cannot guarantee that we will successfully achieve or maintain outcomes or satisfy the compliance requirements to qualify for these incentives or that the granting agencies will provide or continue to provide such funding. See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 20. Government Incentives. These incentive arrangements, including the funding agreements, typically provide the granting agencies with rights to audit our compliance with their terms and obligations. Such audits could result in modifications to, or termination of, the applicable incentive program. In addition, the incentives we receive, including the funding agreements, are in some cases subject to reduction, termination, or clawback under certain circumstances, and any decrease or clawback of government incentives could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 29 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents Our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected by the availability and quality of materials, supplies, electrical power, gas, water, and capital equipment, or dependency on third-party service providers. Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. We generally have multiple sources of supply for our materials and services. However, only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain materials, components, and services that meet our standards and, in some cases, materials, components, or services are provided by a single or sole source, and we may be unable to qualify new suppliers on a timely basis. The availability of materials or components, such as chemicals, silicon wafers, gases, photoresists, semiconductors, substrates, lead frames, printed circuit boards, targets, and reticle glass blanks is impacted by various factors. These factors could include a shortage of raw materials or a disruption in the processing or purification of those raw materials into finished goods. Shortages or increases in lead times have occurred in the past, are currently occurring with respect to some materials and components, and may occur from time to time in the future because of the nature of the industry. Constraints within our supply chain for certain materials and integrated circuit components could limit our bit shipments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our manufacturing processes are also dependent on our relationships with third-party manufacturers of controllers, analog integrated circuits, and other components used in some of our products and with outsourced semiconductor foundries, assembly and test providers, contract manufacturers, logistics carriers, and other service providers, including providers of maintenance for our advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment and providers of electricity and other utilities. Although we have certain long-term contracts with some of our suppliers, many of these contracts do not provide for long-term capacity or pricing commitments. To the extent we do not have firm commitments from our third-party suppliers over a specific time period or for any specific capacity, quantity, and/or pricing, our suppliers may allocate capacity to their other customers and capacity and/or materials may not be available when needed or at reasonable prices. Inflationary pressures may continue to increase costs for materials, supplies, and services. Regardless of contract structure, large swings in demand may exceed our contracted supply and/or our suppliers capacity to meet those demand changes, resulting in a shortage of parts, materials, or capacity needed to manufacture our products. In periods of shortage, we may be required to incur increased costs in order to meet our contractual commitments and demand from our customers or experience a decrease in revenue. In addition, if any of our suppliers were to cease operations or become insolvent, this could impact their ability to provide us with necessary supplies, and we may not be able to obtain the needed supply in a timely manner or at all from other providers. Certain materials are primarily available in a limited number of countries, including rare earth elements, minerals, and metals. Trade disputes, geopolitical tensions, economic circumstances, political conditions, or public health issues may limit our ability to obtain such materials. Although these rare earth and other materials are generally available from multiple suppliers, China is a predominant producer of these materials. China has in the past restricted export of certain of these materials and may in the future continue to restrict, expand restrictions, or stop exporting these or other materials, and as a result, our suppliers ability to obtain such supply may be constrained, and we may be unable to obtain sufficient quantities, or obtain supply in a timely manner or at a commercially reasonable cost. Constrained supply of rare earth elements, minerals, and metals may restrict our ability to manufacture certain of our products and make it difficult or impossible to compete with other semiconductor memory and storage manufacturers who are able to obtain sufficient quantities of these materials from China. We and/or our suppliers and service providers could be affected by regional conflicts, acts of war, civil unrest, labor disruptions, sanctions, tariffs, embargoes, or other trade restrictions, and retaliatory actions in response to such actions, as well as laws and regulations enacted in response to concerns regarding climate change, conflict minerals, responsible sourcing practices, public health crises, or other matters, which could limit the supply of our materials and/or increase the cost. Environmental regulations could limit our ability to procure or use certain chemicals or materials in our operations or products. In addition, disruptions in transportation lines could delay our receipt of materials. Our ability to procure components to repair equipment essential for our manufacturing processes could also be negatively impacted by various restrictions or disruptions in supply chains, among other items. The disruption of our supply of materials, components, or services, or the extension of our lead times could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 30 Table of Contents Our operations are dependent on a reliable and uninterrupted supply of electrical power, gas, and water to our manufacturing facilities. Any power shortages, capacity constraints, prolonged outages, or significant or unexpected increases in the cost of power could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. For certain key types of equipment, including photolithography tools, we are sometimes dependent on a single supplier. From time to time, we have experienced difficulties in obtaining some equipment on a timely basis due to suppliers limited capacity. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. Delays in obtaining equipment could also impede our ability to ramp production and could increase our overall costs of a ramp. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our construction projects to expand production and R&D capacity are highly dependent on available sources of labor, materials, equipment, and services. Increasing demand, supply constraints, inflation, and other market conditions could result in increasing shortages and higher costs for these items. Difficulties in obtaining these resources could result in delays in completion of our construction projects and cost increases, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our inability to source materials, supplies, capital equipment, or third-party services could affect our overall production output and our ability to fulfill customer demand. Significant or prolonged shortages of our products could halt customer manufacturing and damage our relationships with these customers. Any damage to our customer relationships as a result of a shortage of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Similarly, if our customers experience disruptions to their supplies, materials, components, or services, or the extension of their lead times, they may reduce, cancel, or alter the timing of their purchases with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Downturns or ongoing adverse conditions in regional or worldwide economies may harm our business. Downturns or ongoing adverse conditions in regional or worldwide economies, due to inflation, geopolitics, changes in government borrowing or spending, trade disputes, war, major central bank policy actions including interest rate increases, public health crises, or other factors, have harmed our business in the past and current and future downturns could also adversely affect our business. Adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that incorporate our products, such as personal computers, smartphones, automobiles, and servers. Reduced demand for memory and storage products could result in significant decreases in our average selling prices and product sales. In addition, to the extent our customers or distributors have elevated inventory levels or are impacted by a deterioration in credit markets, we may experience a decrease in short-term and/or long-term demand resulting in industry oversupply and declines in pricing for our products. A deterioration of conditions in regional or worldwide credit markets could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures. In addition, we may experience losses on our holdings of cash and investments due to failures of financial institutions and other parties. Difficult economic conditions may also result in a higher rate of losses on our accounts receivable due to credit defaults. Additionally, our current or potential future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify, delay, or cancel plans to purchase our products. Any inability of our current or potential future customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. As a result, downturns or ongoing adverse conditions in regional or worldwide economies could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If our manufacturing process is disrupted by operational issues, natural disasters, or other events, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We and our subcontractors manufacture products using highly complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous modification to improve yields and performance. Difficulties in the manufacturing process or the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce yields or disrupt production and may 31 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents increase our per gigabit manufacturing costs. We and our subcontractors maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at manufacturing facilities, which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries including the United States, Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, Malaysia, China, and India. As a result of the necessary interdependence within our network of manufacturing facilities, an operational disruption at one of our or a subcontractor s facilities may have a disproportionate impact on our ability to produce many of our products. From time to time, there have been disruptions in our manufacturing operations as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment and facilities, disruptions in supply of raw materials or components, or equipment failures. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences and possible climate changes, such as severe and variable weather and geological events resulting in increased costs, or disruptions to our manufacturing operations or those of our suppliers or customers. In addition, climate change may pose physical risks to our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers facilities, including increased extreme weather events that could result in supply delays or disruptions. Other events, including political or public health crises, such as an outbreak of contagious diseases, may also affect our production capabilities or that of our suppliers, including as a result of quarantines, closures of production facilities, lack of supplies, or delays caused by restrictions on travel or shipping. Events of the types noted above have occurred from time to time and, because these risks are a characteristic of our business, they may occur in the future. As a result, in addition to disruptions to operations, our insurance premiums may increase or we may not be able to fully recover any sustained losses through insurance. If production is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected, or we may be unable to meet our customers requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. This could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs, loss of revenue, or damage to customer relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated with certain customers and end markets. In 2025, over half of our total revenue came from our top ten customers. Among our end markets, approximately one-half of our total revenue was concentrated in the data center end market. A disruption in our relationship with any of our top customers or a significant decrease in demand for our data center products, or in the overall data center end market, could adversely affect our business. We could experience fluctuations in our customer base or the mix of revenue by customer or end market, as markets and strategies evolve. Demand for our products may fluctuate due to factors beyond our control. Our inability to qualify our products to meet customer or end market requirements could adversely impact our revenue. A meaningful change in inventory strategy by our top customers or in certain end markets could impact our industry bit demand growth outlook. In addition, any consolidation of our customers or consolidation of significant end markets could limit the opportunity for sale of our products. The loss of, or restrictions on our ability to sell to, one or more of our major customers or in certain end markets, or any significant reduction in orders or a shift in product mix, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 28. Certain Concentrations. Increases in sales of system solutions may increase our dependency upon specific customers and our costs to develop, qualify, and manufacture our system solutions. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully meeting our customers specifications for those products. Developing and manufacturing system-level products with specifications unique to a customer increases our reliance upon that customer for purchasing our products at sufficient volumes and prices in a timely manner. Even if our products meet customer specifications, our sales of system-level solutions are dependent upon our customers choosing our products over those of our competitors and purchasing our products at sufficient volumes and prices. Our competitors products may be less costly, provide better performance, or include additional features when compared to our products. Our long-term ability to sell system-level memory and storage products is reliant upon our customers ability to create, market, and sell their products containing our system-level solutions at sufficient volumes and prices in a timely manner. If we fail to successfully develop and market system-level products, our business, results of operations, or financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 32 Table of Contents Manufacturing system-level solutions, such as SSDs, managed NAND, and HBM, typically results in higher per-unit manufacturing costs and longer cycle time as compared to other products. Even if we are successful in selling system-level solutions to our customers in sufficient volume, we may be unable to generate sufficient profit if our per-unit manufacturing costs are not offset by higher per-unit selling prices. Manufacturing system-level solutions to customer specifications requires a longer development cycle, as compared to discrete products, to design, test, and qualify, which may increase our costs. Some of our system-level solutions are increasingly dependent on sophisticated firmware that may require significant customization to meet customer specifications, which increases our costs and time to market. Additionally, we may need to update our controller and hardware design as well as our firmware or develop new firmware as a result of new product introductions or changes in customer specifications and/or industry standards, which increases our costs. System complexities and extended warranties for system-level products could also increase our warranty costs. Our failure to cost-effectively manufacture system-level solutions and/or controller, hardware design, and firmware in a timely manner may result in reduced demand for our system-level products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Products that fail to meet specifications, are defective, or are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us. Products that do not meet specifications or that contain, or are perceived by our customers to contain, defects or that are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. From time to time, we experience problems with non-conforming, defective, or incompatible products after we have shipped such products. In recent periods, we have further diversified and expanded our product offerings, which could potentially increase the chance that one or more of our products could fail to meet specifications in a particular application. Our products and solutions may be deemed fully or partially responsible for functionality in our customers products and may result in sharing or shifting of product or financial liability from our customers to us for costs incurred by the end user as a result of our customers products failing to perform as specified. In addition, if our products and solutions perform critical functions in our customers products or are used in high-risk consumer end products, such as autonomous driver assistance programs, home and enterprise security, smoke and noxious gas detectors, medical monitoring equipment, or wearables for child and elderly safety, our potential liability may increase. We could be adversely affected in several ways, including the following: we may be required or agree to compensate customers for costs incurred or damages caused by defective or incompatible products and to replace products; we could incur a decrease in revenue or adjustment to pricing commensurate with the reimbursement of such costs or alleged damages; we could be required to indemnify our customers or end users or we may face other claims, including litigation, which could result in increased costs in defending ourselves and/or paying resulting damages; and we may encounter adverse publicity, which could cause a decrease in sales of our products or harm our reputation or relationships with existing or potential customers. Any of the foregoing items could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Breaches of our security systems or products, systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our systems or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners, could expose us to losses. We maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities. We also manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. In addition, we process, store, and transmit data relating to our customers, suppliers, and employees, including sensitive personal information. Unauthorized persons, employees, former employees, nation states, or other parties may gain access to our facilities or technology infrastructure and systems through fraudulent means and may steal trade secrets or other proprietary information, compromise confidential information, create system disruptions, or have other impacts. This risk is exacerbated as competitors for talent, particularly engineering talent, attempt to hire our employees. Through cyberattacks on technology infrastructure and systems, unauthorized parties may obtain access to computer systems, networks, and data, including cloud-based platforms. Our technology infrastructure and systems and that 33 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents of our suppliers, vendors, service providers, cloud solution providers, and partners have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, such attacks, which could impact our operations. Cyberattacks can include ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, zero-day attacks, supply chain attacks, phishing and other forms of social engineering, exploitation of open source software vulnerabilities, and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including those using techniques that change frequently or may be disguised or difficult to detect, or designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, impersonation of authorized users, and efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities, as well as intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges. The emergence and maturation of AI capabilities may also lead to new and/or more sophisticated methods of attack. Globally, cyberattacks are increasing in number and the attackers are increasingly organized and well-financed, or supported by state actors, and are developing increasingly sophisticated systems to not only attack, but also to evade detection. In addition, geopolitical tensions or conflicts may create a heightened risk of cyberattacks. Breaches of our physical security, including break-ins, sabotage or vandalism, attacks on our technology infrastructure and systems, security breaches or incidents, or attacks on our customers, suppliers, or business partners who maintain or otherwise process confidential or sensitive information regarding us and our customers and suppliers, could result in damage to, or loss, disruption, or unavailability of data or systems, or inappropriate disclosure, destruction, loss, or other processing of confidential or sensitive information. In addition, our systems and those of our third-party vendors may experience service interruptions, data loss or compromise and outages, for other reasons, including human error, pandemics, fires, other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks and other geopolitical unrest, computer viruses, ransomware, and other malicious software, changes in social, political, or regulatory conditions or in laws and policies, or other changes or events. Any such event, or the perception it has occurred, may result in significant losses and damage our reputation with customers and suppliers and may expose us to claims, demands, and litigation. Products and the systems and applications that incorporate or otherwise utilize our products are also targets for cyberattacks. While some of our products contain encryption, security algorithms, or features designed to help protect third-party content, user-generated data stored on our products, or the functionality of our products as intended, systems and applications that utilize these products could be compromised, breached, or circumvented by motivated attackers. Further, our products contain sophisticated hardware, firmware and software (some of which is provided by third parties) that may contain weaknesses or defects in design or manufacture, including bugs and other problems that could interfere with the intended operation of our products or be potentially exploited by such attackers. If systems or applications that utilize our products experience a cyberattack, our products are attacked, or our suppliers, third-party service providers, cloud solution providers, or sub-processors, are breached or attacked, this could harm our business by requiring us to employ additional resources to remediate the errors or defects, and could expose us to litigation, claims, and harm to our reputation. We cannot be certain that any applicable insurance coverage we maintain will be adequate or otherwise protect us with respect to claims, expenses, fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, litigation, regulatory actions, or other impacts arising from security breaches or incidents, or that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all. Any of the foregoing security risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. New and evolving laws and regulations relating to cybersecurity, data privacy, digital products, and AI impose requirements for information confidentiality, integrity, availability, personal and proprietary data collection, storage, use, sharing, deletion, and AI systems to be appropriately transparent, fair, secure, responsibly deployed, and accountable. Along with these laws and regulations, standards and market expectations could cause us to incur additional direct costs for compliance, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers, or partners reluctance to share information or solutions due to actual or perceived inadequate controls. As a result of these considerations, we could experience a reduction of production or sales of our products; remediation costs and activities; increased compliance costs; regulatory penalties, fines, civil or criminal sanctions, and other legal liabilities; and reputational challenges. Compliance with, or our failure, or the failure of our third-party sales channel partners or agents, to comply with, laws, regulations, or industry standards could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 34 Table of Contents We may be adversely impacted by any of the multiple uncertainties and outcomes associated with the use and evolution of AI. We are increasingly incorporating AI capabilities into the development of technologies and our business operations, and into our products and services. AI technology is complex and rapidly evolving, and may expose us to significant competitive, legal, regulatory, and other risks. The implementation of AI can be costly and there is no guarantee that our use of AI will enhance our technologies, benefit our business operations, or produce products and services that are preferred by our customers. AI will continue to increase or change the competitive environment in our markets. Our competitors may be more successful in their AI strategy or they may have access to greater AI resources or technology and develop superior products and services. Additionally, AI algorithms or training methodologies may be flawed, and datasets may contain irrelevant, insufficient or biased information, which can cause errors in outputs. The use of AI in the development of our products could also cause loss of intellectual property, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy and cybersecurity. AI is also the subject of an evolving set of legal requirements and regulations and we may be subject to new and conflicting laws and regulations. Any of these matters may give rise to legal liability, damage our reputation, and materially harm our business. We must attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees. To stay competitive, we need a highly skilled, global workforce and effective succession management for key roles. Hiring, retaining, and motivating qualified executives and other skilled talent is critical to our business, and competition can be intense. If our total compensation programs, benefits, and workplace culture are not seen as competitive and inclusive, our ability to attract and retain talent could be compromised. Intense competition for talent can lead to increased compensation costs. Significant attrition and delays in replacing employees can result in a loss of critical skills, reduced morale, business disruptions, inefficiencies during transitions, and increased expenses. Additionally, changes to immigration policies and travel restrictions due to public health crises or other causes may limit our ability to hire, retain, or transfer talent to specific locations. Our business success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key talent. Failure to do so could inhibit our ability to maintain or expand operations and adversely impact our operating results. Compliance with responsible sourcing requirements and any related regulations could increase our operating costs or limit the supply and increase the cost of certain materials, supplies, and services, and if we fail to comply, customers may reduce purchases from us or disqualify us as a supplier. We and many of our customers have adopted responsible sourcing programs that require us to meet certain sustainability, governance, or other criteria, and to periodically report on our performance against these requirements, including that we source the materials, supplies, and services we use and incorporate into the products we sell as prescribed by these programs. Many customer programs require us to remove a supplier within a prescribed period if such supplier ceases to comply with prescribed criteria, and our supply chain may at any time contain suppliers at risk of being removed due to non-compliance with responsible sourcing requirements. Some of our customers may elect to disqualify us as a supplier (resulting in a permanent or temporary loss of sales to such customer) or reduce purchases from us if we are unable to verify that our performance or products (including the underlying supply chain) meet the specifications of our customers responsible sourcing programs on a continuous basis. Meeting responsible sourcing requirements may increase operating requirements and costs or limit the sourcing and availability of some of the materials, supplies, and services we use, particularly when the availability of such materials, supplies, and services is concentrated to a limited number of suppliers. From time to time, we remove suppliers or require our suppliers to remove suppliers from their supply chains based on our responsible sourcing requirements or customer requirements, and we or our suppliers may be unable to replace such removed suppliers in a timely or cost-effective manner. Any inability to replace removed suppliers in a timely or cost-effective manner may affect our ability and/or the cost to obtain sufficient quantities of materials, supplies, and services necessary for the manufacture of our products. Our inability to replace suppliers we have removed in a timely or cost-effective manner or comply with customers responsible sourcing requirements or with any related regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 35 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents Evolving sustainability and governance expectations or standards or failure to achieve our related goals could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. In recent years, there has been an increased focus from stakeholders on sustainability and governance matters, including greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related risks, carbon-free electricity, water stewardship, waste management, inclusion, responsible sourcing and supply chain, and human rights. We actively manage these issues and have established and publicly announced certain sustainability goals, commitments, and targets which we may refine or modify further in the future. These goals, commitments, and targets reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Achieving these goals may entail significant costs, for example we have entered into several virtual power purchase agreements to obtain renewable energy credits at a cost that will vary based on future prices for electrical power. Evolving stakeholder expectations and our efforts to manage these issues, report on them, and accomplish our goals present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which could have a material adverse impact, including on our reputation and stock price. Such risks and uncertainties include: reputational harm, including damage to our relationships with customers, suppliers, investors, governments, or other stakeholders; adverse impacts on our ability to manufacture and sell products and maintain our market share; the success of our collaborations with third parties; loss of business due to failure to meet our customers sustainability targets; increased risk of litigation, investigations, or regulatory enforcement action; unfavorable sustainability and governance ratings or investor sentiment; diversion of resources and increased costs to control, assess, and report on sustainability and governance metrics; our ability to achieve our goals, commitments, and targets within timeframes announced; increased costs to achieve our goals, commitments, and targets; unforeseen operational and technological difficulties; access to and increased cost of capital; and adverse impacts on our stock price. Opinions, perspectives, and expectations on sustainability and governance matters may differ amongst our stakeholders and may evolve over time. We have been and may continue to be subject to conflicting expectations and views on various matters, and legal requirements and interpretations may change. Any failure, or perceived failure, to meet evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards or achieve our sustainability and governance goals, commitments, and targets could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. In addition, external standards for measuring and reporting sustainability metrics may change over time and may result in cost increases, significant revisions to our strategies and targets, or impact our ability to achieve them. We also are or may become subject to new sustainability laws and regulations, such as the State of California s new climate change disclosure rules. Compliance with these laws and regulations, as well as increased scrutiny from regulators, customers and other stakeholders on our sustainability practices, could result in additional costs and expose us to new risks. Any scrutiny of our sustainability disclosures, our failure to achieve related strategies and targets, or our failure to disclose our sustainability measures consistent with applicable laws and regulations or to the satisfaction of regulators or our stakeholders could negatively impact our reputation or result in penalties, fines or other adverse consequences. 36 Table of Contents Acquisitions and/or strategic transactions involve numerous risks. Acquisitions and strategic transactions, such as joint ventures and other partnering arrangements, involve numerous risks, including the following: integrating the operations, technologies, and products of acquired or newly formed entities or strategic partnerships into our operations; increasing capital expenditures to upgrade and maintain facilities; increased debt levels; the assumption of unknown or underestimated liabilities; the use of cash to finance a transaction, which may reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures, R&D expenditures, and other business activities; diverting management s attention from daily operations; managing larger or more complex operations and facilities and employees in separate and diverse geographic areas; hiring and retaining key employees; requirements imposed by government authorities in connection with the regulatory review of a transaction, which may include, among other things, divestitures, imposition of significant obligations, or restrictions on the conduct of our business or the acquired business; underestimating the costs or overestimating the benefits, including product, revenue, cost and other synergies and growth opportunities that we expect to realize, and we may not achieve those benefits; failure to maintain customer, vendor, and other relationships; inadequacy or ineffectiveness of an acquired company s internal financial controls, disclosure controls and procedures, compliance programs, and/or environmental, health and safety, anti-corruption, human resources, or other policies or practices; and impairment of acquired intangible assets, goodwill, or other assets as a result of changing business conditions or technological advancements. The global memory and storage industry has experienced consolidation and may continue to consolidate. We engage, from time to time, in discussions regarding potential acquisitions and similar opportunities. To the extent we are successful in completing any such transactions, we could be subject to some or all of the risks described above. Acquisitions of, or strategic transactions with, technology companies are inherently risky and may not be successful and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may incur restructure charges in future periods and may not realize expected savings or other benefits from restructure plans. From time to time, we have because of the nature of our business, and may in the future, enter into restructure initiatives in order to, among other items, streamline our operations, increase our synergies, respond to changes in business conditions, our markets, or product offerings, or to centralize certain key functions. We may not realize expected savings or other benefits from future restructure activities and may incur additional restructure charges or other losses in future periods associated with other initiatives. In connection with any restructure initiatives, we could incur restructure charges, loss of production output or sufficient customer demand to maintain scale, loss of key personnel, disruptions in our operations, difficulties in the timely delivery of products, and loss of customers and local market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 37 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Litigation We may be unable to protect our intellectual property or retain key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property. We maintain a system of controls over our intellectual property, including U.S. and foreign patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, licensing arrangements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with employees, consultants, and vendors, and a general system of internal controls. Despite our system of controls over our intellectual property, it may be possible for our current or future competitors to obtain, copy, use, or disclose, illegally or otherwise, our product and process technology or other proprietary information. The laws of some foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property to the same degree as do U.S. laws, and our confidentiality, non-disclosure, and non-compete agreements may be unenforceable or difficult and costly to enforce. The use of AI in the development of our products and services could also cause loss of intellectual property, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. Additionally, our ability to maintain and develop intellectual property is dependent upon our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly skilled employees. If our competitors or future entrants into our industry are successful in hiring our employees, they may directly benefit from the knowledge these employees gained while they were under our employment, and this may also negatively impact our ability to maintain and develop intellectual property. Our inability to protect our intellectual property or retain key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Legal, regulatory and administrative investigations, inquiries, proceedings, and claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. From time to time, we are subject to various legal, regulatory and administrative investigations, inquiries, proceedings, and claims that arise out of the ordinary conduct of our business or otherwise, both domestically and internationally. Such claims, investigations, inquiries, and proceedings may include, but are not limited to, allegations of anticompetitive conduct, infringement of intellectual property, and claims related to our compliance with securities and other laws. See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 14. Contingencies. We may be associated with and subject to litigation, claims, inquiries, investigations, or disputes arising from, or as a result of: our relationships with vendors or customers, supply agreements, or contractual obligations with our subcontractors or business partners; the actions of our vendors, subcontractors, or business partners; our indemnification obligations, including obligations to defend our customers against third-party claims asserting infringement of certain intellectual property rights, which may include patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secrets; our compliance with regulatory requirements, including defending against related third-party claims; fluctuations in stock price; and the terms of our product warranties or from product liability claims. As we continue to focus on developing system solutions with manufacturers of consumer products, including autonomous driving, augmented reality, humanoid robots, AI, and others, we may be exposed to greater potential for personal liability claims against us as a result of consumers use of those products. We, our officers, or our directors have been and could continue to be subject to claims of alleged violations of securities laws. 38 Table of Contents Expansion of our production capacity is subject to inherent safety risks for our employees and contractors. Expansion and renovation activities may involve accidents, which could result in project delays, litigation, claims or disputes by our contractors and others, as well as increased insurance costs. While the risks of our construction projects are covered by insurance and contractual indemnities from our contractors, we may not have insurance coverage or rights to indemnity for all risks. Further, there can be no assurance that we are adequately insured to protect against all claims and potential liabilities, and we may elect to self-insure with respect to certain matters. Exposures to various legal proceedings and claims, with or without merit, could require significant attention from our management and could lead to significant costs and expenses as we defend claims, are required to pay damage awards, or enter into settlement agreements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Claims that our products or manufacturing processes infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others, or failure to obtain or renew license agreements covering such intellectual property, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. As is typical in the semiconductor and other high technology industries, from time to time others have asserted, and may in the future assert, that our products or manufacturing processes infringe upon, misappropriate, misuse, or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. We are unable to predict the outcome of these assertions made against us. Any of these types of claims, regardless of the merits, could subject us to significant costs to defend or resolve such claims and may consume a substantial portion of management s time and attention. As a result of these claims, we may be required to: pay significant monetary damages, fines, royalties, or penalties; enter into license or settlement agreements covering such intellectual property rights; make material changes to or redesign our products and/or manufacturing processes; and/or cease manufacturing, having made, selling, offering for sale, importing, marketing, or using products and/or manufacturing processes in certain jurisdictions. We may not be able to take any of the actions described above on commercially reasonable terms and any of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 14. Contingencies. We have a number of intellectual property license agreements. Some of these license agreements require us to make one-time or periodic payments. We may need to obtain additional licenses or renew existing license agreements in the future. We are unable to predict whether these license agreements can be obtained or renewed on terms acceptable to us. The failure to obtain or renew licenses as necessary could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 39 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Government actions and regulations, such as export restrictions, tariffs, and tr
