. Key Information RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business Environment Climate change could have a material adverse impact on us and our clients. For more information on our risk management framework, see Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Credit, Market and Other Risk. (3) Human Capital MUFG manages human resource risk by defining it as one of the operational risks. Human resource risk includes, among other things, human capital retention risk and employee morale deterioration risk. These risks are reported to, and evaluated and deliberated by, the Risk Committee, the Risk Management Committee, and the Executive Committee, and shared with the Board of Directors as appropriate. Metrics & Targets (1) Sustainability MUFG sets and monitors specific metrics and targets aimed at solving environmental and social issues. We have set our sustainable finance target of 100 trillion in cumulative financing from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 to the fiscal year ending March 31, 2031. Our sustainable finance currently consists of the provision of financing, including loans, equity investments in funds, arrangements of project finance and syndicated loans, underwriting of equities and bonds, and financial advisory service, with reference to the relevant external standards, such as the Green Loan Principles, the Green Bond Principles and the Social Bond Principles, to businesses that are considered to contribute to the adaptation to and moderation of climate change, to the development of startups, job creation, and poverty alleviation and to the energization of local communities and regional revitalization, as well as fundamental service businesses including those involved in basic infrastructure and essential public services. 26 Table of Contents (2) Climate Change In May 2021, we announced our intent to achieve net zero greenhouse gas, or GHG, emissions from our financed portfolio by the end of 2050 and net zero GHG emissions from our operations by the end of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2031 in the MUFG Carbon Neutrality Declaration. These goals demonstrate our support for the goals of the Paris Agreement on Climate Change, which has been endorsed by the government of Japan, and our recognition of climate change-related risks and opportunities as a top strategic priority for the MUFG Group. In order to achieve net zero GHG emissions from our financed portfolio, so far we have set an interim target for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2031 for certain industries . For each interim target, we have considered and reflected, among other factors, the relevant characteristics of decarbonization pathways as well as the uniqueness of our financed portfolio for each sector. (3) Human Capital (a) Inclusion We are working to create a workplace where our employees can make the most of their abilities. For example, recognizing that raising gender representation in managerial, i.e. , line manager ( jicho or kacho ) or higher, positions in Japan is an urgent issue, in line with relevant policies and initiatives of the government and industry groups in Japan, we are working on the development and promotion of female representation in Japan in the medium and long term. For our three major subsidiaries, Mitsubishi UFJ Bank, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking, and Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities, on a combined basis, we achieved our target as of March 31, 2025 with a result of 24.0% female representation in such positions in Japan, including personnel decisions and transfer instructions finalized on or before March 31, 2025 but implemented thereafter. Under our Medium-term Business Plan, we aim to attain 27.0% for female representation in such positions in Japan on the same basis by the end of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2027. (b) Employee Well Being Recognizing that enhancing engagement is essential for sustained increases in corporate value, we take annual employee surveys as a means to gauge employee engagement (engagement score) and utilize the results to consider and implement various measures. Under our Medium-term Business Plan, we have set a target engagement score on a group-wide basis and intend to make a concerted effort to improve engagement. (4) Uncertainties, Risks and Other Important Notes Our ability to achieve any one or more of the foregoing targets is subject to various uncertainties and risks, which may be beyond our control. If any such uncertainty or risk materializes, we may be unable to achieve our targets. See Item 3.D. Key Information RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business Environment Climate change could have a material adverse impact on us and our clients. and Item 3.D. Key Information RISK FACTORS Operational Risk Damage to our reputation could harm our businesses. Additionally, certain of our disclosures herein are informed by various stakeholder expectations, including third-party sustainability frameworks and are therefore not necessarily material for purposes of our disclosures under federal U.S. securities laws or otherwise. Business Groups Our business groups are organized as follows with an aim to further integrate the expertise and capabilities of our subsidiaries to respond to the needs of our customers more effectively and efficiently. Retail & Digital Business Group The Retail & Digital Business Group focuses on serving retail customers, excluding wealth management customers, in Japan. This business group was formed on April 1, 2024 through the strategic reorganization of the Digital Service Business Group and the Retail & Commercial Banking Business Group. This reorganization was a response to the evolving and diversifying retail customer needs, including the demand for asset management solutions, driven by shifts in the economic and financial landscape. This business group seeks to enable a wider range of retail customers to flexibly utilize MUFG s diverse service channels. One of the strategic missions of this business group is to expand its touchpoints by optimally mixing the three service channels under the concept of Real (Face-to-Face) Remote Digital and deliver customer experience that makes its customers think I m glad I chose MUFG. We aim to further strengthen our retail business by maximizing customer life-time value (LTV). 27 Table of Contents Commercial Banking & Wealth Management Business Group The Commercial Banking & Wealth Management Business Group provides a wide range of financial products and services, including lending, fund settlement, M&A, inheritance, real estate, asset management, and business and asset succession solutions, to meet the diverse needs of not only large enterprises managed by the branches in Japan, but also small and mid-sized enterprises in Japan as well as domestic retail clients in the wealth management segment. Taking into account recent developments in the market and social environments in Japan, such as the transition into a world with interest rates, the declining birthrate and the aging population, as well as the Japanese government's policies to encourage investments in startups and promote asset management, we aim to strengthen our business succession and asset succession solutions in the overlapping areas between the corporate commercial banking business and the wealth management business, in addition to the products and services tailored to each of the corporate segment and the wealth management segment. Japanese Corporate & Investment Banking Business Group The Japanese Corporate & Investment Banking Business Group provides services to help large Japanese corporate customers seeking global expansion achieve growth in their corporate value. We are engaged in the lending, fund settlement, and foreign exchange businesses and also provide comprehensive investment banking solutions and real estate-related services, fully employing the expertise of each group entity. We seek to improve profitability and balance sheet soundness through strategic pricing focused on achieving appropriate returns and fine-tuning our balance sheet management policy in response to changes in the interest rate environment. Furthermore, we continue with our effort to reduce our equity holdings for portfolio risk management purposes. Our customers are expanding their business domains to address social issues. Through engagement with customers, we intend to collaborate to cultivate new industries and businesses. In this process, we seek to create new financing opportunities and provide financing to our customers, thereby contributing to the resolution of social issues. Asset Management & Investor Services Business Group The Asset Management & Investor Services Business Group covers the asset management and investor services businesses of Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking, MUFG Bank and Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management. The business group offers a full range of asset management and investor services for corporations and pension funds, including pension fund management and administration, advice on pension structures, and payments to beneficiaries, and also offers investment trusts for retail customers. We aim to expand our asset management and investor services business by enhancing the quality of our products and services, effectively utilizing the broad customer base of the MUFG Group and improving our operational efficiency through IT technology. Global Corporate & Investment Banking Business Group The Global Corporate & Investment Banking Business Group covers the corporate, investment and transaction banking businesses of MUFG Bank and its subsidiaries. Through a global network of offices and branches, we provide non-Japanese large corporate and financial institution customers with a comprehensive set of solutions that meet their increasingly diverse and sophisticated financing needs. Subject to obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals, MUFG Bank expects to acquire all of the shares in MUFG Securities EMEA plc, MUFG Securities Asia Limited, and MUFG Securities (Canada), Ltd., previously owned by Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings on October 1, 2025, through a series of internal reorganization transactions, making them MUFG Bank s wholly owned subsidiaries. Through the integrated business management structure between the Global Corporate & Investment Banking Business Group and the Global Markets Business Group, we aim to offer a wide range of financial services to meet the diverse needs of both corporate and institutional investor customers. The expansion of the global corporate and investment banking and global markets businesses has been an important pillar of the MUFG Group s growth strategy. We continue to work to strengthen the strategic alignment and collaboration among our group companies and across global geographies in order to best deploy our comprehensive expertise to provide our customers with value-added solutions and services. Corporate Banking 28 Table of Contents Through our global network of offices and branches, we provide a full range of corporate banking solutions, such as project finance, export credit agency finance, and financing through asset-backed commercial paper. Our primary customers include large corporations, financial institutions, sovereign and multinational organizations, and institutional investors that are headquartered outside of Japan. Investment Banking We provide investment banking services such as debt and equity issuance and M&A-related services to help our customers develop their financial strategies and realize their business goals. In order to meet customers various financing needs, we have established a customer-oriented coverage model through which our product experts coordinate with one another to offer innovative financing services globally. We have further integrated the management of the operations of our commercial banking and securities subsidiaries to enhance collaboration. We are one of the world s top providers of project finance, one of the core businesses of the Global Corporate & Investment Banking Business Group. We provide sophisticated professional services in arranging limited-recourse finance and secured finance, and offering financial advice in various sectors, including natural resources, power, and infrastructure, backed by our experience, expertise, knowledge, and global network. Transaction Banking We provide commercial banking products and services for large corporations and financial institutions in managing and processing domestic and cross-border payments, mitigating risks in international trade, and providing working capital optimization. We provide customers with support for their domestic, regional and global trade finance and cash management programs through our extensive global network. Global Commercial Banking Business Group The Global Commercial Banking Business Group provides a comprehensive array of financial products and services such as loans, deposits, fund transfers, investments and asset management services for local retail customers, small and medium-sized enterprises, and corporate customers across the Asia-Pacific region through our major local commercial banking subsidiaries and affiliates outside of Japan referred to as Partner Banks. Our Partner Banks include Krungsri in Thailand, Bank Danamon in Indonesia, VietinBank in Vietnam and Security Bank in the Philippines. The network among the Partner Banks covers a vast market, consisting of four countries with population totaling approximately 570 million. The market is expected to expand further in the medium to long term as the GDP growth rates are expected to remain relatively high in these countries with corresponding financial needs. We believe that our network, which combines the global reach of the MUFG Group companies with strong regional presence of the Partner Banks each carrying an established brand, provides us with unique competitive advantages. We aim to further strengthen the network by promoting business collaboration and enhancing governance. In addition, through continuous strategic investments in business areas such as digital financial services, we seek to contribute to financial inclusion in Asia and capture the business opportunities arising from the economic growth of the region. Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited (Krungsri) Krungsri is a strategic subsidiary of MUFG Bank in Thailand. Krungsri provides a comprehensive range of banking, consumer finance, investment, asset management, and other financial products and services to retail consumers, small and medium-sized enterprises, and large corporations mainly in Thailand through 573 branches (consisting of 532 banking branches, 40 automobile finance business branches and one overseas branch) and other service outlets nationwide. In addition, Krungsri s consolidated subsidiaries include the largest credit card issuer in Thailand with a market share of 15%, sales finance and personal loan accounts in its portfolio, a major auto finance provider, a fast-growing asset management company and a leading microfinance service provider in Thailand. MUFG owns a 76.88% ownership interest in Krungsri through MUFG Bank as of March 31, 2025. By combining Krungsri s local franchise with competitive presence in the retail and small and medium-sized enterprise banking markets in Thailand with MUFG Bank s global financial expertise, we seek to offer a wider range of high-value financial products and services to a more diverse and larger customer base. PT Bank Danamon Indonesia, Tbk. (Bank Danamon) Bank Danamon is a strategic subsidiary of MUFG Bank in Indonesia. Bank Danamon provides a comprehensive range of banking and other financial products and services to retail consumers, small and medium-sized enterprises, and large corporations in 29 Table of Contents Indonesia. It operates an extensive distribution network spread out from Aceh to Papua, with more than 865 branches and service outlets. In addition, Bank Danamon provides financing for automotive and consumer goods through PT Adira Dinamika Multi Finance Tbk (ADMF), a subsidiary of Bank Danamon. In March 2024, we completed the acquisition of 80.6% of the shares of PT Mandala Multifinance Tbk, a multi-finance company in Indonesia, through MUFG Bank and ADMF. In April 2025, we decided to merge MFIN into ADMF, subject to regulatory approvals. We intend to further reinforce and expand our auto loan business in Indonesia. MUFG made an initial investment in December 2017 and owns a 92.47% ownership interest in Bank Danamon through MUFG Bank as of March 31, 2025. This investment in Bank Danamon represents another milestone for our growth strategy in Indonesia and Southeast Asia. We aim to offer a unique and unparalleled retail and small and medium-sized enterprise banking business model based on the established local networks of our Partner Banks and MUFG s global network to provide holistic financial services to a wider range of customers. Other Activities in Southeast Asia We have been expanding our operations in Southeast Asia with an effort to further develop our businesses abroad. In addition to Krungsri and Bank Danamon, we have strategic business and capital alliances with other banks in Southeast Asia, including VietinBank in Vietnam and Security Bank in the Philippines, as our Partner Banks. VietinBank provides a wide range of financial services to consumers, small businesses, middle-market and large companies through its branch network predominantly in Vietnam. We own a 19.73% equity interest in VietinBank. Security Bank provides a wide range of financial services to consumers, small businesses, middle-market and large companies through its branch network in the Philippines. We own a 20% equity interest in Security Bank. As part of our strategic investments to capture growth opportunities in the digital finance area, following the investments in Silvrr Technology Co., Ltd. (known as Akulaku ), a fintech company providing digital financial services primarily in Indonesia, and in DMI Finance Private Ltd., a fintech company providing digital financial services primarily in India, we completed the acquisition of HC Consumer Finance Philippines, Inc. and PT Home Credit Indonesia, both of which were subsidiaries of a consumer finance company headquartered in the Netherlands, in 2023. In June 2024, we completed an investment in Ascend Money Company Limited in Thailand, followed by an investment in Globe Fintech Innovations, Inc. in the Philippines in February 2025. Both of these investees are providers of digital financial services in their home countries. Through strategic acquisitions and investments in Asia, we aim to further strengthen and enhance our business platform and will continue striving to contribute to the economic growth of the region. See Item 3.D. Key Information RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Strategies and Our Major Investees Our strategy to expand the range of our financial products and services and the geographic scope of our business globally may fail if we are unable to anticipate or manage new or expanded risks that entail such global expansion. Global Markets Business Group The Global Markets Business Group covers the customer business and the treasury operations of MUFG Bank, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking and Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings. The customer business includes sales and trading in fixed income instruments, currencies and equities as well as other investment products, and origination and distribution of financial products. The treasury operations include asset and liability management as well as global investments for the MUFG Group. We also make and manage long-term diversified investments as a sustainable revenue source. Customer Business Sales and Trading in Fixed Income Instruments, Currencies and Equities. We provide financing, hedging, and investment solutions to our retail, corporate, institutional, and governmental customers through sales and trading in financial market products such as fixed income instruments, currencies, and equities. Investment Products for Non-Institutional Customers in Japan. We provide investment products such as mutual funds, and structured bonds, notes and deposits to non-institutional customers in Japan. We offer solutions using these investment products to help customers better manage their assets and liabilities. This business is conducted through the integrated operations management structure among the Global Markets Business Group, the Asset Management & Investor Service Business Group, the Commercial Banking & Wealth Management Business Group, and the Japanese Corporate & Investment Banking Business Group. 30 Table of Contents Origination and Distribution. We provide financing solutions to institutional customers through origination and distribution of financial products such as syndicated loans and securities issuances. This business is conducted through the integrated operations management structure between the Global Markets Business Group and the Global Corporate & Investment Banking Business Group. Treasury Operations Asset and Liability Management. We seek to manage interest rate and liquidity risks residing in our balance sheets through, among other things, transactions designed to manage the profit and loss impact attributable to market movements based on our balance sheet analyses and forecasts. Such transactions include investments in high quality liquid securities such as Japanese government bonds and U.S. Treasury bonds and trading in other financial products such as interest rate swaps and cross currency swaps. Global Investment. Through our treasury operations, we also seek to enhance our profitability by diversifying our portfolio and strategically investing in financial products including corporate bonds and funds. Global Strategic Alliance with Morgan Stanley As of March 31, 2025, we held approximately 377 million shares of Morgan Stanley s common stock representing approximately 23.5% of the voting rights in Morgan Stanley and Series C Preferred Stock with a face value of approximately $521.4 million and 10% dividend. As of the same date, we had two representatives appointed to Morgan Stanley s board of directors. We adopted the equity method of accounting for our investment in Morgan Stanley beginning with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012. In conjunction with Morgan Stanley, we formed two securities joint venture companies in May 2010 to integrate our respective Japanese securities companies. We converted the wholesale and retail securities businesses conducted in Japan by Mitsubishi UFJ Securities into Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities. Morgan Stanley contributed the investment banking operations conducted in Japan by its former wholly-owned subsidiary, Morgan Stanley Japan, to Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities, and converted the sales and trading and capital markets businesses conducted in Japan by Morgan Stanley Japan into an entity called Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities, Co., Ltd. We hold a 60% economic interest in Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities and Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities, and Morgan Stanley holds a 40% economic interest in Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities and Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities. We hold a 60% voting interest and Morgan Stanley holds a 40% voting interest in Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities, and we hold a 49% voting interest and Morgan Stanley holds a 51% voting interest in Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities. Morgan Stanley s and our economic and voting interests in the securities joint venture companies are held through intermediate holding companies. We have retained control of Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities and we account for our interest in Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities under the equity method due to our significant influence over Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities. The board of directors of Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities has fifteen members, nine of whom are designated by us and six of whom are designated by Morgan Stanley. The board of directors of Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities has ten members, six of whom are designated by Morgan Stanley and four of whom are designated by us. The CEO of Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities is designated by us and the CEO of Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities is designated by Morgan Stanley. We have also expanded the scope of our global strategic alliance with Morgan Stanley into other geographies and businesses, including (1) a loan marketing joint venture that provides clients in the United States with access to the world-class lending and capital markets services from both companies, (2) business referral arrangements in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, covering capital markets, loans, fixed income sales and other businesses, (3) global commodities referral arrangements whereby MUFG Bank and its affiliates refer clients in need of commodities-related hedging solutions to certain affiliates of Morgan Stanley, and (4) an employee secondment program to share best practices and expertise in a wide range of business areas. In July 2023, we jointly announced with Morgan Stanley the launch of Alliance 2.0 , an enhanced Global Strategic Alliance for further collaboration between both companies for the next decade and beyond. As part of this alliance, we and Morgan Stanley began to collaborate in the Japanese stock market research and equity businesses for institutional clients in January 2024 and to collaborate in foreign currency exchange trading in April 2024. See Item 3.D. Key Information RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Strategies and Our Major Investees If our strategic alliance with Morgan Stanley fails, we could suffer financial or reputational loss. Competition We face strong competition in all of our principal areas of operation. The structural reforms in financial industry regulations and recent developments in financial markets have resulted in some significant changes in the Japanese financial system and prompted banks to merge or reorganize their operations. In addition, development of new technologies such as artificial intelligence and blockchain has also allowed non-financial institutions to enter the financial services industry with alternative services, thus changing the nature of competition from other financial institutions as well as from other types of businesses. See Item 3.D. Key Information 31 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Strategies and Our Major Investees Our business may be adversely affected by competitive pressures, which have partly increased due to regulatory changes and recent market changes in the financial industry domestically and globally. Japan Our major competitors in Japan include: Japan s other major banking groups: Mizuho Financial Group and Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group; Government financial institutions: Japan Finance Corporation, Japan Post Bank, Development Bank of Japan and Japan Bank for International Cooperation; Other commercial banking institutions: Resona Bank, SBI Shinsei Bank, regional banks, and credit associations ( shinkin banks ); Securities companies and investment banks: Nomura group and Daiwa group; Other internet-based banking and securities institutions: Rakuten group and SBI group; and Asset management companies. Foreign In foreign markets, we face competition from local and global commercial banks, money center banks, regional banks, thrift institutions, asset management companies, investment advisory companies, credit unions, fintech companies and other similar financial institutions. The Japanese Financial System Japanese financial institutions may be categorized into three types: the central bank, namely the Bank of Japan; private banking institutions; and government financial institutions. The Bank of Japan The Bank of Japan s role is to maintain price stability and the stability of the financial system to ensure a solid foundation for sound economic development. Private Banking Institutions Private banking institutions in Japan are commonly classified into two categories (the following numbers are based on information published by the FSA available as of June 3, 2025): ordinary banks (120 ordinary banks and 55 foreign commercial banks with ordinary banking operations); and trust banks (13 trust banks, including two Japanese subsidiaries of foreign financial institutions). Ordinary banks in turn are classified as city banks, of which there are four, including MUFG Bank, and regional banks, of which there are 97, and other banks, of which there are 19. In general, the operations of ordinary banks correspond to commercial banking operations in the United States. City banks and regional banks are distinguished based on head office location as well as the size and scope of their operations. The city banks are generally considered to constitute the largest and most influential group of banks in Japan. Generally, these banks are based in large cities, such as Tokyo and Osaka, and operate nationally through networks of branch offices. The city banks provide a wide variety of banking and other financial products and services to large corporate customers, including the major industrial companies in Japan, as well as small and medium-sized companies and retail customers. With some exceptions, the regional banks tend to be much smaller in terms of total assets than the city banks. Historically, each of the regional banks has been based in one of the Japanese prefectures and has extended its operations into neighboring prefectures. Their customers are mostly regional enterprises and local public utilities. Trust banks, including Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking, 32 Table of Contents provide various trust services relating to money trusts, pension trusts and investment trusts and offer other services relating to real estate, stock transfer agency and testamentary services, as well as banking services. Government Financial Institutions There are a number of government financial institutions in Japan, which are corporations wholly owned or majority-owned by the government and operate under the government s supervision. Their funds are provided mainly from government sources. Certain types of operations undertaken by these institutions have been or are planned to be assumed by, or integrated with the operations of, private corporations through privatizations and other measures. Among them are the following: The Development Bank of Japan, which was established for the purpose of contributing to the economic development of Japan by extending long-term loans, mainly to primary and secondary sector industries, and which was reorganized as a joint stock company in October 2008 as part of its ongoing privatization process, with the government being required by law to continue to hold 50% or more of the shares in the bank until the completion of certain specified investment operations, which the bank is required to endeavor to achieve by March 2026, and more than one-third for an unspecified period thereafter; Japan Finance Corporation, which was formed in October 2008, through the merger of the international financial operations of the former Japan Bank for International Cooperation, National Life Finance Corporation, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Finance Corporation, and Japan Finance Corporation for Small and Medium Enterprise, for the primary purposes of supplementing and encouraging the private financing of exports, imports, overseas investments and overseas economic cooperation, and supplementing private financing to the general public, small and medium-sized enterprises and those engaged in agriculture, forestry and fishery. In April 2012, Japan Finance Corporation spun off its international operations to create Japan Bank for International Cooperation as a separate government-owned entity; Japan Housing Finance Agency, which was originally established in June 1950 as the Government Housing Loan Corporation for the purpose of providing housing loans to the general public, and which was reorganized as an incorporated administrative agency and started to specialize in securitization of housing loans in April 2007; and The Japan Post Group companies, a group of joint stock companies including Japan Post Bank, which were formed in October 2007 as part of the Japanese government s privatization plan for the former Japan Post, a government-run public services corporation, which had been the Postal Service Agency until March 2003. In November 2015, approximately 11% of the outstanding shares of each of Japan Post Bank, Japan Post Insurance and Japan Post Holdings were sold to the public, and these companies are currently listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. As of March 31, 2025, Japan Post Holdings held 50.04% of the outstanding shares of Japan Post Bank (excluding the treasury shares owned by Japan Post Bank). In May 2025, Japan Post Holdings announced plans to further reduce its shareholding ratio to less than 50% by contributing a part of its shareholding to a share disposal trust, after which contribution Japan Post Bank notifies the Japanese authority of the contribution, and from the date on which Japan Post Bank makes such notification, Japan Post Bank is expected to be permitted to enter into new businesses without being required to obtain authorization from the Japanese authority. As of March 31, 2025, Japan Post Holdings held 49.84% of the outstanding shares of Japan Post Insurance (excluding the treasury shares owned by Japan Post Bank). Supervision and Regulation Japan Supervision. The FSA is responsible for supervising and overseeing financial institutions, making policy for the overall Japanese financial system and conducting insolvency proceedings with respect to financial institutions. The Bank of Japan, as the central bank for financial institutions, also has supervisory authority over banks in Japan, based primarily on its contractual agreements and transactions with the banks. The Banking Act . Among the various laws that regulate financial institutions, the Banking Act and its subordinated orders and ordinances are regarded as the fundamental law for ordinary banks and other private financial institutions. The Banking Act addresses capital adequacy, inspections and reporting of banks and bank holding companies, as well as the scope of business activities, disclosure, accounting, limitation on granting credit and standards for arm s length transactions for them. Bank holding companies, banks and other financial institutions are required to establish an appropriate system to cope with conflicts of interest that may arise from their business operations. The Banking Act and various other financial regulation related laws have recently been amended, including certain deregulations on restrictions for shareholdings by banks. For example, although a bank is generally prohibited from holding more than 5% of the outstanding shares of another domestic company (other than certain financial businesses) under the Banking Act, an amendment to the Banking Act which took effect in April 2017 allows banks to acquire and hold more than 5% of the voting rights in 33 Table of Contents certain financial technology companies if approved by the FSA. An additional amendment to the Banking Act which took effect in June 2018 introduced a framework for affiliation and cooperation between financial institutions and financial technology companies while adding measures designed to ensure customer protection. A further amendment to the Banking Act which took effect in May 2020 allows banks to engage in certain information provision services relating to customer and other information. In addition, an amendment to the Banking Act which took effect in November 2021 allows banks to engage in certain services contributory to the construction of a sustainable society such as regional revitalization or productivity enhancement and allows banks, with the FSA s approval, to acquire and hold more than 5% of the voting rights in companies which engage in certain services contributory to the construction of a sustainable society such as regional revitalization or productivity enhancement. Bank holding company regulations. A bank holding company is prohibited from carrying out any business other than the management of its subsidiaries and other incidental businesses. A bank holding company may have any of the following as a subsidiary: a bank, a securities company, an insurance company, a foreign subsidiary that is engaged in the banking, securities or insurance business and any company that is engaged in a finance-related business, such as a credit card company, a leasing company, investment advisory company, or financial technology company as permitted by the April 1, 2017 amendments to the Banking Act. Certain companies that are designated by a ministerial ordinance as those that cultivate new business fields may also become the subsidiaries of a bank holding company. In addition, under the April 1, 2017 amendments to the Banking Act, a bank holding company (i) is required to perform certain specified functions as a bank holding company to ensure effective management of its subsidiaries and (ii) is allowed to engage in certain specified common operations of its subsidiaries so as to improve the efficiency of the operations of its group companies. Capital adequacy. The capital adequacy guidelines adopted by the FSA that are applicable to Japanese bank holding companies and banks with international operations closely follow the risk-weighted approach introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision of the Bank for International Settlements. Basel II, as adopted by the FSA, has been applied to Japanese banks since March 31, 2007. Basel III, as adopted by the FSA, has been applied to Japanese banking institutions with international operations conducted through their foreign offices since March 31, 2013. Basel III is built on three pillars : (1) minimum capital requirements, (2) the self-regulation of financial institutions based on supervisory review process, and (3) market discipline through the disclosure of information. The Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision reached an agreement on the new global regulatory framework, which has been referred to as Basel III, in July and September 2010. In December 2010, the Basel Committee agreed on the details of the Basel III rules. The agreement on Basel III includes the following: (1) raising the quality of capital to ensure banks are able to better absorb losses both on a going concern basis and on a gone concern basis, (2) increasing the risk coverage of the capital framework, in particular for trading activities, securitizations, exposures to off-balance sheet vehicles and counterparty credit exposures arising from derivatives, (3) raising the level of minimum capital requirements, including an increase in the minimum common equity requirement from 2% to 4.5%, which was phased in between January 1, 2013 and the end of the calendar year 2014, and a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, which was phased in between January 1, 2016 and the end of the calendar year 2018, bringing the total common equity requirement to 7%, (4) introducing an internationally harmonized leverage ratio to serve as a backstop to the risk-based capital measure and to contain the build-up of excessive leverage in the system, (5) raising standards for the supervisory review process (Pillar 2) and public disclosures (Pillar 3), together with additional guidance in the areas of valuation practices, stress testing, liquidity risk management, corporate governance and compensation, (6) introducing minimum global liquidity standards consisting of both a short term liquidity coverage ratio, or LCR, and a longer term structural net stable funding ratio, or NSFR, and (7) promoting the build-up of capital buffers that can be drawn down in periods of stress, including both a capital conservation buffer and a countercyclical buffer to protect the banking sector from periods of excess credit growth. Under Basel III, Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital ratios are used to assess capital adequacy, which ratios are determined by dividing applicable capital components by risk-weighted assets. Total capital is defined as the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. Under Basel III, Tier 1 capital is defined to include Common Equity Tier 1 and Additional Tier 1 capital. Common Equity Tier 1 capital is a new category of capital primarily consisting of: common stock, capital surplus, retained earnings, and accumulated other comprehensive income. Regulatory adjustments including certain intangible fixed assets, such as goodwill, and defined benefit pension fund net assets (prepaid pension costs) will be deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital. 34 Table of Contents Additional Tier 1 capital generally consists of Basel III compliant preferred shares and perpetual subordinated obligations, net of regulatory adjustments. Tier 2 capital generally consists of: Basel III compliant subordinated obligations, allowances for credit losses, and non-controlling interests in subsidiaries Tier 2 capital instruments. In order to qualify as Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital under Basel III, applicable instruments such as preferred shares and subordinated debt must have a clause in their terms and conditions that requires them to be written-off or forced to be converted into common stock upon the occurrence of certain trigger events. Risk-weighted assets are the sum of risk-weighted assets compiled for credit risk purposes, quotient of dividing the amount equivalent to market risk by 8%, and quotient of dividing the amount equivalent to operational risk by 8%, and also include any amount to be added due to transitional measures as well as floor adjustments, if necessary. Risk-weighted assets include the capital charge of the credit valuation adjustment, or CVA, the credit risk related to asset value correlation multiplier for large financial institutions, the 250% risk-weighted threshold items not deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital, and certain Basel II capital deductions that were converted to risk-weighted assets under Basel III, such as securitizations and significant investments in commercial entities. Certain Basel III provisions were adopted by the FSA with transitional measures and became effective March 31, 2013. The capital ratio standards applicable to us are as follows: a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0%, a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%, and a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%. These minimum capital ratios are applicable to MUFG on a consolidated basis and to MUFG Bank and Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking on a consolidated as well as stand-alone basis. The approval granted to us by the FSA to exclude the majority of our investment in Morgan Stanley from being subject to double gearing adjustments, which had been phased out over a ten -year period, expired on March 30, 2023. The Financial Stability Board identified us as a global systemically important bank, or G-SIB, in its most recent annual report published in November 2024, and is expected to update the list of G-SIB annually. In December 2015, the FSA also designated us as a G-SIB as well as a domestic systemically important bank generally referred to as a D-SIB. Effective March 31, 2016, the FSA s capital conservation buffer, countercyclical buffer and G-SIB surcharge requirements became applicable to Japanese banking institutions with international operations conducted through foreign offices, including us. The requirements as of March 31, 2025 consist of a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, a G-SIB surcharge of 1.5% and a countercyclical buffer of 0.16% in addition to the 4.5% minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio. In December 2017, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision released final Basel III reforms. The reforms are designed, among other things, to help reduce excessive variability in risk-weighted assets among banks and improve the comparability and transparency of banks risk-based capital ratios. The reforms endorsed by the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision include the following elements: a revised standardized approach for credit risk, which is designed to improve the robustness and risk sensitivity of the existing approach; revisions to the internal ratings-based approach for credit risk, where the use of the most advanced internally modelled approaches for low-default portfolios are limited; revisions to CVA framework, including the removal of the internally modelled approach and the introduction of a revised standardized approach; a revised standardized approach for operational risk, which replaces the previous standardized approaches and the advanced measurement approaches; revisions to the measurement of the leverage ratio and a leverage ratio buffer for G-SIBs, which takes the form of a Tier 1 capital buffer set at 50% of a G-SIB s risk-weighted capital buffer; and 35 Table of Contents an aggregate output floor, which is designed to ensure that banks risk-weighted assets generated by internal models are no lower than 72.5% of risk-weighted assets as calculated by the Basel III framework s standardized approaches. Banks will also be required to disclose their risk-weighted assets based on these standardized approaches. These reforms, as adopted by the FSA, became generally applicable to Japanese banking institutions with international operations conducted through foreign offices, including us, on March 31, 2024. Transitional measures, including revisions to the aggregate output floor, are being phased in from March 31, 2024, with the initial capital floor of 50%, and are scheduled to be fully implemented at 72.5% from March 31, 2029. In January 2019, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision approved the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s finalized market risk capital framework. The approved market risk framework includes the revision of the standardized approach and the internal model approach and the introduction of simplified standardized approach. The framework became generally applicable to Japanese banking institutions with international operations conducted through foreign offices, including us, on March 31, 2024. For a discussion on our capital ratios, see Item 5.B. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Adequacy. Leverage ratio . Japanese banks and bank holding companies with international operations, including us, are required to maintain a minimum leverage ratio and disclose their leverage ratios calculated in accordance with the methodology prescribed in the FSA guidelines that have been adopted to implement the relevant Basel III standard. The leverage ratio is designed for monitoring and preventing the build-up of excessive leverage in the banking sector and is expressed as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to total balance sheet assets adjusted in accordance with the FSA guidelines. In December 2017, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision announced final Basel III reforms. The announced reforms include the revisions to the measurement of the leverage ratio and a 3.00% minimum leverage ratio requirement, plus a G-SIB leverage ratio buffer equal to 50% of the applicable G-SIB capital surcharge. In Japan, the FSA adopted a minimum leverage ratio requirement at 3.00%, effective March 31, 2019, and the minimum leverage ratio requirement applied to us as of March 31, 2024 was 3.75%, including a leverage ratio buffer set at 50% of a G-SIB surcharge which, as applied to us, equals 0.75%. From June 30, 2020 to March 31, 2024, deposits with the Bank of Japan were temporarily excluded from the calculation of the leverage ratio. Since April 1, 2024, the applicable minimum leverage ratio requirement including the applicable minimum leverage ratio buffer requirement has been 3.95% as the requirement has been raised from 3.00% plus a G-SIB leverage ratio buffer set at 50% of a G-SIB surcharge to 3.15% plus a G-SIB leverage ratio buffer set at 50% of a G-SIB surcharge plus 0.05%, while deposits with the Bank of Japan remain excluded from the leverage exposure for the purpose of the calculation of the leverage ratio in light of exceptional macroeconomic conditions and other circumstances. Total loss-absorbing capacity . In November 2015, the Financial Stability Board issued the final Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity, or TLAC, standard for G-SIBs, including us. The Financial Stability Board s TLAC standard is designed to ensure that if a G-SIB fails, it has sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity available in resolution to implement an orderly resolution that minimizes impacts on financial stability, ensures the continuity of critical functions, and avoids exposing public funds to loss. The Financial Stability Board s TLAC standard defines a minimum requirement for the instruments and liabilities that should be readily available to absorb losses in resolution. The TLAC standard which was set forth in the regulatory notices and related materials for the implementation of the Financial Stability Board s TLAC standard in Japan published by the FSA in March 2019 and which became fully applicable to (i) G-SIBs in Japan on March 31, 2022, and (ii) a domestic systemically important bank designated by the FSA, or D-SIB, in Japan deemed to be in particular need for a cross-border resolution arrangement and of particular systemic significance to the Japanese financial system if it fails (such G-SIBs and D-SIB, collectively, Covered SIBs ) on March 31, 2024, respectively, or the Japanese TLAC Standard, requires entities designated by the FSA as Domestic Resolution Entities for Covered SIBs to meet certain minimum external total loss-absorbing capacity, or External TLAC, requirements. The Japanese TLAC Standard and the Financial Stability Board s TLAC standard also require the Domestic Resolution Entities to cause any of their material subsidiaries in Japan designated as systemically important by the FSA or their foreign subsidiaries subject to TLAC or similar requirements in the relevant jurisdictions to maintain certain minimum level of capital and debt having internal total loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity, or Internal TLAC. In the Japanese TLAC Standard, the FSA has designated the relevant ultimate holding companies in Japan as Domestic Resolution Entities for the Covered SIBs and, in our case, MUFG as the Domestic Resolution Entity for our Group, making MUFG subject to the External TLAC requirements in Japan. The FSA has also designated MUFG Bank, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking and Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities as MUFG s material subsidiaries in Japan, which are subject to the Internal TLAC requirements applicable to MUFG. External TLAC debt generally consists of Basel III compliant regulatory capital and the Japanese TLAC Standard compliant obligations, net of regulatory adjustments. Internal TLAC debt generally consists of Basel III compliant regulatory capital and the Japanese TLAC Standard compliant subordinated obligations, net of regulatory adjustments. The Japanese TLAC Standard does not require that, in order for unsecured senior debt issued by the Domestic Resolution Entity of a Japanese G-SIB to qualify as External 36 Table of Contents TLAC debt, such debt be subject to any contractual write-down, write-off or conversion provisions or to any subordination provisions so long as its creditors are recognized as structurally subordinated to the creditors of its subsidiaries and affiliates by the FSA on the ground that the amount of excluded liabilities of such Domestic Resolution Entity ranking pari passu with, or junior to, its unsecured senior liabilities does not, in principle, exceed 5% of the aggregate amount of its External TLAC. In contrast, Internal TLAC debt incurred by a material subsidiary of a Japanese G-SIB is required to be subject to contractual loss absorption provisions and to be subordinated to such subsidiary s excluded liabilities. The Japanese TLAC Standard requires a Japanese G-SIB, such as us, to issue and maintain External TLAC debt in an amount not less than 18% of its consolidated risk-weighted assets and 7.10% (6.75% from March 31, 2022 until March 31, 2024) of the applicable Basel III leverage ratio denominator. In addition, under the Japanese TLAC Standard, Japanese G-SIBs are allowed to count as External TLAC the Japanese Deposit Insurance Fund Reserves in an amount equivalent to 3.5% of their consolidated risk-weighted assets. Deposits with the Bank of Japan were temporarily excluded from the calculation of External TLAC ratio and Internal TLAC amounts on a total exposure basis (also referred to as a leverage exposure basis) as well as the leverage ratio from June 30, 2020 until March 31, 2024. Since April 1, 2024, the applicable External TLAC ratio on a total exposure basis has been raised from 6.75% to 7.10%, while deposits with the Bank of Japan remain excluded from the total exposure for the purpose of the calculation of External TLAC ratio and Internal TLAC amounts in light of exceptional macroeconomic conditions and other circumstances. Under the Japanese TLAC Standard, the FSA may order the Domestic Resolution Entity of a Covered SIB to submit a report outlining an improvement plan if the External TLAC ratio of the Domestic Resolution Entity or the Internal TLAC of its material subsidiaries in Japan falls below the minimum requirements. If the FSA further deems it necessary to ensure improvement, the FSA may issue a business improvement order to such Domestic Resolution Entity. The Domestic Resolution Entity may also be subject to a capital distribution constraints plan if the capital buffers are used and reduced below the required level to make up for its required External TLAC on a risk-weighted assets basis. See Item 3.D. Key Information RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Ability to Meet Regulatory Capital Requirements We may not be able to maintain our capital ratios and other regulatory ratios above minimum required levels, which could result in various regulatory actions, including the suspension of some or all of our operations. Prompt corrective action system . Under the prompt corrective action system, the FSA may take corrective action, if a bank or a bank holding company fails to meet the minimum capital adequacy ratio or leverage ratio. These actions include requiring such bank or bank holding company to formulate and implement capital improvement measures, requiring it to reduce assets or the bank s business operations or take other specific actions, and issuing an order to dispose of shares of its subsidiaries or suspend all or part of the bank s business operations. Capital distribution constraints system . Under the capital distribution constraints system, the FSA may order a bank or a bank holding company to submit and carry out a capital distribution constraints plan, if the bank or the bank holding company fails to maintain Common Equity Tier 1 capital required as applicable capital buffers, or if the bank or the bank holding company is a Japanese G-SIB, such as us, and fails to maintain Tier 1 capital required as applicable leverage buffers. A capital distribution constraints plan must be determined to be reasonably designed to restore the required capital buffers or leverage buffers by restricting capital distributions, such as dividends, share buybacks, interest payments on, and redemption and repurchase of, Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, and bonus payments, up to a certain amount depending on the level of the deficit in the required capital buffers or leverage buffers of the bank or the bank holding company. Prompt warning system . Under the prompt warning system, the FSA may take precautionary measures to maintain and promote the sound operations of financial institutions, even before those financial institutions become subject to prompt corrective actions. These measures require a financial institution to enhance profitability, credit risk management, stability and cash flows. Deposit insurance system and government measures for troubled financial institutions . The Deposit Insurance Act is intended to protect depositors if a financial institution fails to meet its obligations. The Deposit Insurance Corporation was established in accordance with the Deposit Insurance Act. City banks, including MUFG Bank, regional banks, trust banks, including Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking, and various other credit institutions participate in the deposit insurance system on a compulsory basis. Under the Deposit Insurance Act, the maximum amount of protection is 10 million of principal amount, together with any interest accrued on such principal amount, per customer within one bank. The 10 million maximum applies to all deposits except for non-interest-bearing deposits, which are non-interest-bearing deposits redeemable on demand and maintained by depositors primarily in settlement accounts for payment and settlement purposes. Deposits in settlement accounts are fully protected without a maximum amount limitation. Certain types of deposits are not covered by the deposit insurance system, such as foreign currency deposits and negotiable certificates of deposit. As of April 1, 2025, the Deposit Insurance Corporation charged an insurance premium equal to 0.022% per year on the deposits in the settlement accounts, and a premium equal to 0.014% per year on the deposits in other accounts. 37 Table of Contents Under the Deposit Insurance Act, a Financial Reorganization Administrator can be appointed by the Prime Minister if a bank s liabilities exceed its assets or a bank has suspended, or is likely to suspend, repayment of deposits. The Financial Reorganization Administrator will take control of the assets of the troubled bank, dispose of the assets and search for another institution willing to take over the troubled bank s business. The troubled bank s business may also be transferred to a bridge bank established by the Deposit Insurance Corporation to enable the troubled bank s operations to be maintained and continue temporarily, and the bridge bank will seek to transfer the troubled bank s assets to another financial institution or dissolve the troubled bank. The Deposit Insurance Corporation protects deposits, as described above, either by providing financial aid for costs incurred by the financial institution succeeding the insolvent bank or by paying insurance money directly to depositors. The financial aid provided by the Deposit Insurance Corporation may take the form of a monetary grant, loan or deposit of funds, purchase of assets, guarantee or assumption of debt, subscription for preferred stock, or loss sharing. The Deposit Insurance Act also provides for exceptional measures to cope with systemic risk in the financial industry. Where the Prime Minister recognizes that the failure of a bank which falls into any of (i) through (iii) below may cause an extremely grave problem to the maintenance of the financial order in Japan or the region where such bank is operating, or systemic risk, if none of the measures described in (i) through (iii) below is implemented, the Prime Minister may, following deliberation by the Financial Crisis Response Council, confirm ( nintei ) the need to take any of the following measures: (i) if the bank does not fall into either of the categories described in (ii) or (iii) below, the Deposit Insurance Corporation may subscribe for shares or subordinated bonds of, or extend subordinated loans to the bank, or subscribe for shares of the bank holding company of the bank, in order to enhance the bank s regulatory capital ( Item 1 measures ( dai ichigo sochi )); (ii) if the bank has suspended, or is likely to suspend, repayment of deposits, or its liabilities exceed its assets, financial aid exceeding the pay-off cost may be made available to such bank ( Item 2 measures ( dai nigo sochi )); and (iii) if the bank has suspended, or is likely suspend, repayment of deposits, and its liabilities exceed its assets, and the systemic risk cannot be avoided by the measures mentioned in (ii) above, the Deposit Insurance Corporation may acquire all of the bank s shares ( Item 3 measures ( dai sango sochi )). The expenses for the implementation of the above measures will be borne by the banking industry, with an exception under which the Japanese government may provide partial subsidies for such expenses. Under the new orderly resolution regime established by amendments to the Deposit Insurance Act that were promulgated in June 2013 and became effective on March 6, 2014, financial institutions, including banks, insurance companies and securities companies and their holding companies, are subject to the regime. Further, where the Prime Minister recognizes that the failure of a financial institution which falls into either of (a) or (b) below may cause a significant disruption to the Japanese financial market or system in Japan if measures described in (a) or measures described in (b) are not taken, the Prime Minister may, following deliberation by the Financial Response Crisis Council, confirm ( nintei ) that any of the following measures need to be applied to the financial institution: (a) if the financial institution is not a financial institution whose liabilities exceed its assets, the financial institution shall be placed under the special supervision by the Deposit Insurance Corporation over the financial institution s business operations and management and the disposal of the financial institution s assets, and the Deposit Insurance Corporation may provide the financial institution with loans or guarantees necessary to avoid the risk of significant disruption to the financial system in Japan, or subscribe for shares or subordinated bonds of, or extend subordinated loans to, the financial institution, taking into consideration the financial condition of the financial institution ( Specified Item 1 measures ( tokutei dai ichigo sochi ) under Article 126-2, Paragraph 1, Item 1 of the Deposit Insurance Act); or (b) if the financial institution is a financial institution whose liabilities exceed, or are likely to exceed, its assets or which has suspended, or is likely to suspend, payments on its obligations, the financial institution shall be placed under the special supervision by the Deposit Insurance Corporation over the financial institution s business operations and management and the disposal of the financial institution s assets, and the Deposit Insurance Corporation may provide financial aid necessary to assist a merger, business transfer, corporate split or other reorganization in respect of such failed financial institution ( Specified Item 2 measures ( tokutei dai nigo sochi ) under Article 126-2, Paragraph 1, Item 2 of the Deposit Insurance Act). If the Prime Minister confirms that any of the measures set out in (b) above needs to be applied to a failed financial institution, the Prime Minister may order that the failed financial institution s business operations and management and the disposal of the failed financial institution s assets be placed under the special control of the Deposit Insurance Corporation. The business or liabilities of the financial institution subject to the special supervision or the special control of the Deposit Insurance Corporation as set forth above may also be transferred to a bridge financial institution established by the Deposit Insurance Corporation to enable the financial institution s operations to be maintained and continue temporarily, or the financial institution s liabilities to be repaid, and the bridge financial institution will seek to transfer the financial institution s business or liabilities to another financial institution or dissolve the financial institution. The financial aid provided by the Deposit Insurance Corporation to assist a merger, business transfer, corporate split or other reorganization in respect of the failed financial institution set out in (b) above may take the form of a monetary grant, loan or deposit of funds, purchase of assets, guarantee or assumption of debts, subscription for preferred stock or subordinated bonds, subordinated loan, or loss sharing. If the Deposit Insurance Corporation has provided such financial assistance, the Prime Minister may designate the movable assets and claims of the failed financial institution as not subject to attachment, and such merger, business transfer, corporate split or other reorganization may be conducted outside of the court-administrated insolvency proceedings. If the financial institution subject to the special supervision or the special control by the Deposit Insurance Corporation as set forth above 38 Table of Contents has liabilities that exceed, or are likely to exceed, its assets, or has suspended, or is likely to suspend, payments on its obligations, the financial institution may transfer all or a material portion of its business or all or a material portion of shares of its subsidiaries or implement corporate split or certain other corporate actions with court permission in lieu of any shareholder resolutions. In addition, the Deposit Insurance Corporation must request other financial institution creditors of the failed financial institution to refrain from exercising their rights against the failed financial institution until measures necessary to avoid the risk of significant disruption to the financial system in Japan have been taken, if it is recognized that such exercise of their rights is likely to make the orderly resolution of the failed financial institution difficult. The expenses for implementation of the measures under this regime will be borne by the financial industry, with an exception under which the Japanese government may provide partial subsidies for such expenses within the limit to be specified in the government budget in cases where it is likely to cause extremely serious hindrance to the maintenance of the credit system in Japan or significant turmoil in the Japanese financial market or system if such expenses are to be borne only by the financial industry. According to the announcement made by the FSA in March 2014, (i) Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments under Basel III issued by a bank must be written down or converted into common shares when the Prime Minister confirms ( nintei ) that Item 2 measures ( dai nigo sochi ), Item 3 measures ( dai sango sochi ), or Specified Item 2 measures ( tokutei dai nigo sochi ) need to be applied to the bank and (ii) Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments under Basel III issued by a bank holding company must be written down or converted into common shares when the Prime Minister confirms ( nintei ) that Specified Item 2 measures ( tokutei dai nigo sochi ) need to be applied to the bank holding company. Further, in an explanatory paper outlining the FSA s approach for the introduction of the TLAC framework in Japan published by the FSA in April 2016 and revisions to the paper published by the FSA in April 2018, collectively the FSA TLAC Approach, as well as in the Japanese TLAC Standard, the FSA expressed its view that single point of entry, or SPE, resolution, in which a single national resolution authority applies its resolution tools to the ultimate holding company in Japan of a financial group, would be the preferred strategy for resolution of the Covered SIBs. However, it is uncertain which measure is to be taken in a given case, including whether or not the SPE resolution strategy will actually be elected and implemented in a given case, and the actual measures to be taken will be determined on a case-by-case basis considering the actual condition of the relevant Japanese G-SIB in distress. Under a possible model of resolution of a Japanese G-SIB based on the SPE resolution strategy as described in the Japanese TLAC Standard, if the FSA determines that a material subsidiary in Japan of a financial institution that is a Japanese G-SIB is non-viable due to material deterioration in its financial condition and issues an order concerning restoration of financial soundness, including recapitalization and restoration of liquidity of such material subsidiary, to the ultimate holding company in Japan designated by the FSA as Domestic Resolution Entity for the financial institution under the Banking Act of Japan (Act No. 59 of 1981), the material subsidiary s Internal TLAC instruments will be written off or, if applicable, converted into equity in accordance with the applicable contractual loss absorption provisions of such Internal TLAC instruments. Following the write-off or conversion of Internal TLAC instruments, if the Prime Minister recognizes that the financial institution s liabilities exceed, or are likely to exceed, its assets, or that it has suspended, or is likely to suspend, payments on its obligations, as a result of the financial institution s loans to, or other investment in, the material subsidiary becoming subject to loss absorption or otherwise, and further recognizes that the failure of such financial institution is likely to cause a significant disruption to the Japanese financial market or system, the Prime Minister may, following deliberation by the Financial Crisis Response Council, confirm that Specified Item 2 Measures ( tokutei dai nigo sochi ) need to be applied to the financial institution for its orderly resolution. Any such confirmation by the Prime Minister also triggers the point of non-viability clauses of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments issued by the financial institution, causing such instruments to be written off or, if applicable, converted into equity, as described above. Upon the application of Specified Item 2 Measures ( tokutei dai nigo sochi ), a financial institution will be placed under the special supervision by, or if the Prime Minister so orders, under the special control of, the Deposit Insurance Corporation. In an orderly resolution, the Deposit Insurance Corporation would control the operation and management of a financial institution s business, assets and liabilities, including the potential transfer to a bridge financial institution established by the Deposit Insurance Corporation as its subsidiary, or such other financial institution as the Deposit Insurance Corporation may determine, of the financial institution s systemically important assets and liabilities, which we expect in the case of MUFG would include the shares of our material subsidiaries based on the Japanese TLAC Standard. The Prime Minister may prohibit creditors of the financial institution from attaching any of our assets and claims which are to be transferred to a bridge financial institution or another financial institution. Based on the Japanese TLAC Standard, it is currently expected that the External TLAC eligible senior notes issued by the financial institution will not be transferred to a bridge financial institution or other transferee in the orderly resolution process but will remain as such financial institution s liabilities subject to court-administered insolvency proceedings. On the other hand, in an orderly resolution process, the shares of material subsidiaries of such financial institution may be transferred to a bridge financial institution or other transferee, and such financial institution would only be entitled to receive consideration representing the fair value of such shares, which could be significantly less than the book value of such shares. Following such business transfer, the recoverable value of such financial institution s residual assets in court-administered insolvency proceedings may not be sufficient to fully satisfy any payment obligations that such financial institution may have under its liabilities, including the External TLAC eligible senior notes. Recovery and resolution plan. In November 2024, the Financial Stability Board published the latest list of G-SIBs, which includes us. The list is annually updated by the Financial Stability Board. A recovery and resolution plan must be put in place for each G-SIB, and the plans must be regularly reviewed and updated. In Japan, under the Banking Act and the Comprehensive Guidelines for 39 Table of Contents Supervision of Major Banks, etc., financial institutions identified as G-SIBs must, as part of their crisis management, prepare and submit a recovery plan, including triggers for the recovery plan and an analysis of recovery options, to the FSA. The Comprehensive Guidelines also provide that resolution plans for such financial institutions are prepared by the FSA. We have submitted our most recent recovery plan to the FSA in a timely manner. Liquidity Coverage Ratio . Japanese banks and bank holding companies with international operations conducted through foreign offices are required to maintain a minimum LCR and disclose their LCRs calculated in accordance with the methodology prescribed in the FSA guidelines that have been adopted to implement the relevant Basel III standard. The LCR is a measure to determine whether a bank has a sufficient amount of high-quality liquid assets, which are assets that can be converted easily and immediately into cash in private markets in order to meet the bank s liquidity needs, to survive in a 30-day financial stress scenario, including sizable deposit outflows, inability to issue new bonds or access the interbank market, stoppage of the collateralized funding market, need for additional collateral in connection with derivative transactions, and significant outflows of cash under commitment lines to customers. Once a bank or bank holding company fails to meet the minimum LCR of 100%, it is required to immediately report such failure to the FSA. If the FSA deems the financial condition of the bank or bank holding company to be serious, the FSA may issue a business improvement order. A minimum LCR of 100% is currently required. Net Stable Funding Ratio . Japanese banks and bank holding companies with international operations conducted through foreign offices are also required to maintain a minimum NSFR and disclose their NSFRs calculated in accordance with the methodology prescribed in the FSA guidelines that have been adopted to implement the relevant Basel III standard. The NSFR is a measure to determine whether a bank has sustainable and long-term liabilities and capital for its assets and activities. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision issued the final standard of NSFR in October 2014. In Japan, the FSA promulgated its NSFR guidelines on March 31, 2021, and the NSFR requirements became applicable on September 30, 2021, requiring a minimum NSFR of 100%. Once a bank or bank holding company fails to meet the minimum NSFR of 100%, it is required to immediately report such failure to the FSA. If the FSA deems the financial condition of the bank or bank holding company to be serious, the FSA may issue a business improvement order. Inspection and reporting . The FSA has the authority to order reporting from, and inspect, banks and banking holding companies in Japan. Based on its Principles and Approaches of Inspection and Supervision, the FSA seeks to evaluate the effectiveness of the operations and functions of financial institutions, supervise financial institutions based on proactive and forward-looking analyses, facilitate best practices among financial institutions, focus monitoring on high-priority issues, and integrate on- and off-site monitoring. Furthermore, the Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission of Japan, or SESC, inspects banks in connection with their securities business as well as financial instruments business operators, such as securities firms. The Bank of Japan also conducts inspections of banks. The Bank of Japan Law provides that the Bank of Japan and financial institutions may agree as to the form of inspection to be conducted by the Bank of Japan. Laws limiting shareholdings of banks . The provisions of the Antimonopoly Act that generally prohibit a bank from holding more than 5% of another domestic company s voting rights do not apply to a bank holding company. However, the Banking Act prohibits a bank holding company and its subsidiaries from holding, on an aggregated basis, more than 15% of the voting rights of domestic companies other than those which can legally become subsidiaries of bank holding companies. There have recently been amendments to various financial regulation related laws, including the Banking Act, which include certain deregulations of restrictions on shareholdings by banks, as described in Bank holding company regulations above. In addition, a bank is prohibited from holding shares in other companies exceeding the aggregate of its Common Equity Tier 1 capital amount and Additional Tier 1 capital amount. Restrictions on exposures to single large counterparties. The Banking Act prohibits banks and bank holding companies with international operations (on a consolidated basis with their subsidiaries and affiliates) from having large exposure exceeding 25% of their Tier 1 capital to a single counterparty and also prohibits a G-SIB s exposure to another G-SIB exceeding 15% of its Tier 1 capital. Financial Instruments and Exchange Act . The Financial Instruments and Exchange Act provides protection for investors and also regulates sales of a wide range of financial instruments and services, requiring financial institutions to improve their sales rules and strengthen compliance frameworks and procedures. Among the instruments that the Japanese banks deal in, derivatives, foreign currency-denominated deposits, and variable insurance and annuity products are subject to regulations covered by the sales-related rules of conduct under the law. Article 33 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act generally prohibits banks from engaging in securities transactions. However, bank holding companies and banks may, through a domestic or overseas securities subsidiary, conduct all types of securities businesses, with appropriate approval from the FSA. Similarly, registered banks are permitted to provide securities intermediation 40 Table of Contents services and engage in certain other similar types of securities related transactions, including retail sales of investment funds and government and municipal bonds. In June 2021, certain amendments to the Cabinet Office Ordinance under the Act became effective, which allowed non-public and other information of foreign company customers to be shared within a financial group. In addition, on June 22, 2022, certain amendments to the Cabinet Office Ordinance under the Act became effective, which allowed non-public and other information of certain subject companies such as listed companies to be shared within a financial group without consent of such companies, but required financial institutions to establish measures to respond to a request from relevant companies for suspension of sharing of such information. At the same time, financial institutions are required to strengthen the effectiveness of measures to prevent market abuse. Subsidiaries of bank holding companies engaging in the securities business are subject to the supervision of the FSA as financial instruments business operators. The Prime Minister has the authority to regulate the securities industry and securities companies, which authority is delegated to the Commissioner of the FSA under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act. In addition, the SESC, an extern
