. RISK FACTORS The following information sets forth RISK FACTORS that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and those we may make from time to time. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition could be harmed. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also affect our business operations. 20 Summary RISK FACTORS We face risks and uncertainties related to our business, many of which are beyond our control. In particular, risks associated with our business include: We may not be able to continue to successfully commercialize INGREZZA or any of our product candidates if they are approved in the future. We may not be able to successfully launch and commercialize CRENESSITY. If physicians and patients do not continue to accept INGREZZA or do not accept CRENESSITY, or our sales and marketing efforts are not effective, we may not generate sufficient revenue. We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, the demand for our products may be reduced. Government and third-party payors may impose sales and pharmaceutical pricing controls on our products or limit coverage and/or reimbursement for our products or impose policies and/or make decisions regarding the status of our products that could limit our product revenues and delay sustained profitability. Because the development of our product candidates is subject to a substantial degree of technological uncertainty, we may not succeed in developing any of our product candidates. Our clinical trials may be delayed for safety or other reasons, or fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which could prevent or significantly delay their regulatory approval. Enacted healthcare reform, drug pricing measures and other recent legislative initiatives, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA), could adversely affect our business. We have increased the size of our organization and will need to continue to increase the size of our organization. Such increases may not be sufficient and we may encounter difficulties with managing our growth, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We are transforming our research and development strategies to include the development of biologics, which requires substantial investment, including in personnel and facilities. We may encounter difficulties as we expand and may fail to successfully develop or commercialize our biologic product candidates, which could adversely affect our results of operations. If we are unable to retain and recruit qualified scientists and other employees or if any of our key senior executives discontinues his or her employment with us, it may delay our development efforts or impact our commercialization of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any product candidate approved by the FDA in the future. Use of our approved products or those of our collaborators could be associated with side effects or adverse events. We currently depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers. The loss of these suppliers, or delays or problems in the supply of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or our product candidates, could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully develop or commercialize INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates. We depend on our current collaborators for the development and commercialization of several of our products and product candidates and may need to enter into future collaborations to develop and commercialize certain of our product candidates. We currently have no manufacturing capabilities. If third-party manufacturers of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our concerns, or if their performance is substandard, our ability to commercialize existing products, conduct clinical trials and develop new products could be impaired and our costs may rise. We license some of our core technologies, drug leads, products, and product candidates from third parties. If we default on any of our obligations under those licenses, or violate the terms of these licenses, we could lose our rights to those technologies, drug leads, products, and product candidates, or be required to pay damages. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our competitors could develop and market products based on our discoveries, which may reduce demand for our products. 21 Our customers are concentrated and therefore the loss of a significant customer may harm our business. We may need additional capital in the future. If we cannot raise additional funding, we may be unable to fund our business plan and our future research, development, commercial and manufacturing efforts. We expect to increase our expenses for the foreseeable future, and we may not be able to sustain growth and profitability. Risks Related to Our Company We may not be able to continue to successfully commercialize INGREZZA or any of our product candidates if they are approved in the future. We launched INGREZZA in the U.S. as the first FDA-approved drug for the treatment of TD in May 2017 and for the treatment of chorea associated with Huntington's disease in August 2023. Our ability to produce INGREZZA revenues consistent with expectations ultimately depends on our ability to continue to successfully commercialize INGREZZA and secure and maintain adequate third-party reimbursement. Our experience in marketing and selling pharmaceutical products began with INGREZZA s approval in 2017, when we hired our sales force and established our distribution and reimbursement capabilities, all of which are necessary to successfully commercialize our current and future products. We have continued to invest in our commercial infrastructure, including the recent expansion of our sales teams for INGREZZA which we anticipate to be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2026. While our team members and consultants have experience marketing and selling pharmaceutical products, we may face difficulties related to managing the rapid growth of our personnel and infrastructure, and there can be no guarantee that we will be able to maintain the personnel, systems, arrangements and capabilities necessary to continue to successfully commercialize INGREZZA or any product candidate approved by the FDA, or equivalent foreign authorities, in the future. We may not be able to successfully launch and commercialize CRENESSITY. In December 2024, we announced FDA approval and launched CRENESSITY capsules and oral solution as an adjunctive treatment to glucocorticoid replacement to control androgens in adult and pediatric patients four years of age and older with classic CAH. We have also established our commercial team and hired our U.S. sales force for CRENESSITY. The successful commercial launch of CRENESSITY depends on the extent to which patients and physicians accept and adopt CRENESSITY as a treatment for CAH, and we do not know whether our expectations or estimates in this regard, or those of investors or securities analysts, will be accurate. Physicians may not prescribe CRENESSITY and patients may be unwilling to use CRENESSITY. In addition, patients may be unwilling to use CRENESSITY if reimbursement is not provided or reimbursement is inadequate to cover a significant portion of the cost to the patient. CRENESSITY is a first-in-class therapy for children and adults with classic CAH and will therefore require us to expend substantial time and resources to educate physicians and other healthcare providers about the benefits of CRENESSITY. If we are unable to provide our sales force with effective materials, including medical and sales literature to help them inform and educate potential customers about the benefits of CRENESSITY, our efforts to commercialize CRENESSITY may not be successful. Further, any negative publicity related to CRENESSITY, or negative development for CRENESSITY in our post-marketing commitments or in regulatory processes in other jurisdictions, may adversely impact the potential of CRENESSITY and our commercial results. If the commercialization of CRENESSITY and future sales are less successful than anticipated by us or our investors or securities analysts, our stock price could decline and our business may be harmed. If physicians and patients do not continue to accept INGREZZA or do not accept CRENESSITY, or our sales and marketing efforts are not effective, we may not generate sufficient revenue. The commercial success of INGREZZA and CRENESSITY will depend upon the acceptance of these products as safe and effective by the medical community and patients. The market acceptance of INGREZZA and CRENESSITY could be affected by a number of factors, including: the timing of receipt of marketing approvals for additional indications; the safety and efficacy of the products; the pricing of these products; the availability of healthcare payor coverage and adequate reimbursement for the products; public perception regarding these products; 22 the success of existing competitor products addressing our target markets or the emergence of equivalent or superior products; and the cost-effectiveness of the products. If the medical community, patients and payors do not continue to accept our products as being safe, effective, superior and/or cost effective, we may not generate sufficient revenue. We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, the demand for our products may be reduced. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are subject to rapid and intense technological change. We face, and will continue to face, competition in the development and marketing of our products and product candidates from academic institutions, government agencies, research institutions and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Competition may also arise from, among other things: other drug development technologies; methods of preventing or reducing the incidence of disease, including vaccines; and new small molecule or other classes of therapeutic agents. Developments by others (including the development of generic equivalents) may render our product candidates or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. We are commercializing and performing research on or developing products for the treatment of several disorders, including TD, chorea associated with Huntington's disease, classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia, uterine fibroids, endometriosis, pain, Parkinson s disease, schizophrenia, epilepsy, and other neurology, psychiatry, endocrinology, obesity and related metabolic diseases, and immunology-related diseases and disorders, and there are a number of competitors to our products and product candidates. If one or more of our competitors products or programs are successful (including the development of generic equivalents), the market for our products may be reduced or eliminated. INGREZZA competes with AUSTEDO (deutetrabenazine), marketed by Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries, for the treatment of TD in adults and chorea associated with Huntington's disease. A once-daily dosing of AUSTEDO (AUSTEDO XR) was introduced in February 2023. Additionally, there are a number of commercially available medicines used to treat TD off-label, such as XENAZINE (tetrabenazine) and generic equivalents, and various antipsychotic medications (e.g., clozapine), anticholinergics, benzodiazepines (off-label), and botulinum toxin. In addition, there are several programs in clinical development by other companies targeting Huntington's disease. CRENESSITY competes with high dose corticosteroid monotherapy which is the current standard of care to both correct the endogenous cortisol deficiency as well as reduce the excessive adrenocorticotropic hormone levels for patients with CAH. In the U.S. alone, there are more than two dozen companies manufacturing steroid-based products. In addition, there are several programs in clinical development by other companies targeting CAH. Our investigational treatments for potential use in schizophrenia and depression may in the future compete with several development-stage programs being pursued by other companies. In addition, there are a number of different anti-psychotic, including the muscarinic agonist COBENFY, and anti-depressant medications currently used in these patient populations. Our investigational treatments for potential use in neurology, psychiatry, endocrinology, obesity and related metabolic diseases, and immunology may in the future compete with numerous approved products and development-stage programs being pursued by several other companies. Compared to us, many of our competitors and potential competitors have substantially greater: capital resources; sales and marketing experience; research and development capabilities and capacity, including personnel and technology; regulatory experience; 23 preclinical study and clinical testing experience; manufacturing, marketing and distribution experience; and production facilities. Moreover, increased competition in certain disorders or therapies may make it more difficult for us to recruit or enroll patients in our clinical trials for similar disorders or therapies. Government and third-party payors may impose sales and pharmaceutical pricing controls on our products or limit coverage and/or reimbursement for our products or impose policies and/or make decisions regarding the status of our products that could limit our product revenues and delay sustained profitability. Our ability to continue to commercialize INGREZZA and successfully launch and commercialize CRENESSITY will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available. The continuing efforts of government and third-party payors to contain or reduce the costs of healthcare and the price of prescription drugs through various means may impact our revenues. These payors efforts could decrease the price that we receive for any products we may develop and sell in the future. Assuming we obtain coverage for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the out-of-pocket cost of our products. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available regardless of whether they are approved by the FDA for that particular use. Coverage decisions by payors for our competitors' products may also impact coverage for our products. Government authorities and other third-party payors are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs, such as by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Further, no uniform policy requirement for coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors in the U.S. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. In addition, communications from government officials, media outlets, and others regarding healthcare costs and pharmaceutical pricing could have a negative impact on our stock price, even if such communications do not ultimately impact coverage or reimbursement decisions for our products. There may also be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs or indications, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for coverage and reimbursement does not imply that a drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacturing, sale and distribution. In addition, we could also be subject to amendments in our rebate agreements with pharmaceutical benefit managers that require us to pay larger rebate amounts or modify our formulary position, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. For example, government authorities could make a decision that adversely impacts the status of one of our products, which could impact the eligibility and/or the amount of government reimbursement for that product. As a pharmaceutical manufacturer, we are subject to various federal statutes and regulations requiring the reporting of price data and the subsequent provision of concessions to certain purchasers/payors, including state Medicaid programs. Federal agencies issue guidance to manufacturers related to the interpretation of laws and regulations, and this guidance has changed and may change or be updated over time. In interpreting these laws, regulations and guidance, manufacturers may make reasonable assumptions to fill gaps, and these reasonable assumptions may need to be updated upon issuance of additional agency guidance. 24 If coverage and reimbursement are not available or reimbursement is available only to limited levels, we may be unable to successfully commercialize INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval in the future. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable reimbursement rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved products that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products, and our overall financial condition. Further, a majority of our current revenue is derived from federal healthcare program payors, including Medicare and Medicaid. Thus, changes in government reimbursement policies, government negotiation of the price of any of products, reductions in payments and/or our suspension or exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, the use of clinician telehealth services remains elevated, fueled by expansion of coverage and reimbursement for telehealth services across public and private insurers. The limitations that telehealth places on the ability to conduct a thorough physical examination may impact the ability of providers to screen for TD or chorea associated with Huntington s disease, leading to fewer patients being diagnosed and/or treated. Outside the U.S., reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. The EU provides options for EU Member States to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. An EU Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal product, it may refuse to reimburse a product at the price set by the manufacturer or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. To obtain reimbursement for our products in some European countries, including some EU Member States, we may be required to compile additional data comparing the cost-effectiveness of our products to other available therapies. The Health Technology Assessment (HTA) of medicinal products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in some EU Member States, including those representing the larger markets. The extent to which pricing and reimbursement decisions are influenced by the HTA of the specific medicinal product currently varies between EU Member States. Since January 12, 2025, the clinical elements of the HTA must be assessed via Joint Clinical Assessment at the EU level - initially, all new oncology medicines and ATMPs, expanded to orphan medicines in 2028, and covering all remaining centrally authorized medicines from 2030. If we are unable to obtain favorable pricing and reimbursement status in EU Member States for product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval, any anticipated revenue from and growth prospects for those products in the EU could be negatively affected. Legislators, policymakers, and payors may continue to propose and implement cost-containing measures to keep healthcare costs down. For example, in April 2025, the President issued an executive order that, among other things, directed specified agency heads to develop a Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (CMMI) model that enables the Medicare program to obtain better value for high-cost prescription drugs and biological products. In May 2025, the President issued another executive order directing the administration to take immediate steps to end global freeloading and take additional aggressive action should drug manufacturers fail to offer American consumers the Most-Favored Nation (MFN) price. In December 2025, CMS issued proposed regulations that, if finalized, would create CMMI demonstrations that would institute MFN-level pricing in the Medicare Part D and Part B markets. At present, given that the demonstrations are proposed rules that may or may not be finalized or implemented , there is uncertainty as to how these and other potential legal and regulatory changes may impact our business. However, if implemented, t hese policies could reduce or limit the prices we are able to charge for our products and product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the level of reimbursement available for our products from governmental authorities or third-party payors. Further, in January 2026, the President released The Great Healthcare Plan, a proposal which calls on Congress to codify the administration s 16 MFN drug-pricing agreements with manufacturers and potentially extend MFN pricing to additional manufacturers. In addition, the OBBBA is expected to reduce Medicaid spending and enrollment by implementing work requirements for some beneficiaries, capping state-directed payments, reducing federal funding and limiting provider taxes used to fund the program. The OBBBA also narrows access to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) marketplace exchange enrollment and declines to extend the ACA enhanced advanced premium tax credits, which expired at the end of 2025. These changes, along with other provisions of the OBBBA, are anticipated to reduce the number of Americans with health insurance. Further, an increasing number of countries use prices for medicinal products established in other countries as reference prices to help determine the price of 25 the product in their own territory. Consequently, a downward trend in prices of medicinal products in some countries could contribute to similar downward trends elsewhere, including in the U.S. Because the development of our product candidates is subject to a substantial degree of technological uncertainty, we may not succeed in developing any of our product candidates, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and future growth prospects, and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Only a small number of research and development programs ultimately result in commercially successful drugs. Potential products that appear to be promising at early stages of development may not reach the market for a number of reasons. These reasons include the possibilities that the potential products may: be found ineffective or cause harmful side effects during preclinical studies or clinical trials; fail to receive necessary regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all; be precluded from commercialization by proprietary rights of third parties; be difficult to manufacture on a large scale; or be uneconomical to commercialize or fail to achieve market acceptance. If any of our product candidates encounters any of these potential problems, we may never successfully market that product candidate. Because we believe our continued growth and success depend in part on our ability to identify (by internal development, in-license or acquisition), develop and ultimately commercialize a steady number of additional product candidates, our failure or perceived failure to achieve that plan could adversely affect our business, results of operations and future growth prospects, and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline . Our clinical trials may be delayed for safety or other reasons, or fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which could prevent or significantly delay their regulatory approval. Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of any of our potential products, we must subject these product candidates to extensive preclinical and clinical testing to demonstrate their safety and efficacy for humans. Clinical trials are expensive, time consuming and may take years to complete and the outcomes are uncertain. In connection with the clinical trials of our product candidates, we face the risks that: the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authority may not allow an IND or foreign equivalent filings required to initiate human clinical studies for our drug candidates or the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities may require additional preclinical studies as a condition of the initiation of Phase 1 clinical studies, or additional clinical studies for progression from Phase 1 to Phase 2, or Phase 2 to Phase 3, or for NDA approval; the product candidate may not prove to be effective or as effective as other competing product candidates; we may discover that a product candidate may cause harmful side effects or results of required toxicology or other studies may not be acceptable to the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities; clinical trial results may not replicate or improve upon the results of previous trials; we or the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities may suspend or vary the trials; the results may not be statistically significant; clinical site initiation or patient recruitment and enrollment may be slower or more difficult than expected; the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities may not accept the data from any trial or trial site outside of the U.S.; a study is compromised due to patients dropping out and not completing the trials; unforeseen disruptions or delays may occur, caused by geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, man-made or natural disasters, public health pandemics or epidemics, armed conflicts, trade restrictions, tariffs, the recent shutdown of the U.S. federal government and the resulting effects on its regulatory agencies, or other business interruptions; and regulatory requirements may change. 26 These risks and uncertainties impact all of our clinical programs and any of the clinical, regulatory or operational events described above could change our planned clinical and regulatory activities. Geopolitical tensions could also affect our ability to obtain supplies of our investigational products, which could cause delays or otherwise disrupt our clinical trials and research and development efforts. Some of our suppliers and research and development collaborators are located in China, exposing us to the possibility of supply disruption in the event of changes to the laws, rules, regulations, and policies of the governments of the U.S. or China. Any such changes to laws or the adoption of tariffs or other restrictions could impact our ability to contract with certain Chinese biotechnology companies, cause delays, or have other adverse effects on the development of certain of our research programs. In addition, late-stage clinical trials are often conducted with patients having the most advanced stages of disease. During the course of treatment, these patients can die or suffer other adverse medical effects for reasons that may not be related to the pharmaceutical agent being tested but which can nevertheless adversely affect clinical trial conduct, completion and results. Any failure or substantial delay in completing clinical trials for our product candidates may severely harm our business. Even if the clinical trials are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. The FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may either refuse to accept an application for substantive review or may form the opinion after review of an application that the application is insufficient to allow approval of a product candidate. To the extent that the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities do not accept our application for review or approve our application, we may be required to expend significant additional resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. Depending on the extent of these additional trials or any other studies that might be required, approval of any applications that we submit may be significantly delayed. It is also possible that any such additional studies, if performed and completed, may not be considered sufficient by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities and we may be forced to delay or abandon our applications for approval. We have increased the size of our organization and will need to continue to increase the size of our organization. Such increases may not be sufficient and we may encounter difficulties with managing our growth, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Since 2017, the number of our full-time employees has grown from approximately 200 to over 2,000. Although we have substantially increased the size of our organization, we may need to add additional qualified personnel and resources, especially with the recent increase in the size of our sales force. Our current infrastructure may be inadequate to support our development and commercialization efforts and expected growth. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on our organization, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain and integrate additional employees and implement and expand managerial, operational, and financial systems and may be costly and take time away from running other aspects of our business, including development and commercialization of our product candidates. For example, we implemented a company-wide enterprise resource planning (ERP) system in 2024 to streamline certain existing business, operational, and financial processes. This project has required and may continue to require investment of capital and human resources, the re-engineering of processes of our business, and the attention of many employees who would otherwise be focused on other aspects of our business, including post-implementation optimization and upgrades. Any deficiencies in the design, implementation, or subsequent upgrades of the ERP system could adversely affect the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or our ability to accurately maintain our books and records, provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results, or otherwise operate our business. Any of these consequences could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval in the future, will partially depend on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. In particular, as we commercialize INGREZZA and CRENESSITY, we will need to support the training and ongoing activities of our sales force and will likely need to continue to expand the size of our employee base for managerial, operational, financial and other resources. To that end, we must be able to 27 successfully: manage our development efforts effectively; integrate additional management, administrative and manufacturing personnel; further develop our marketing and sales organization; compensate our employees on adequate terms in an increasingly competitive, inflationary market; attract and retain personnel; and maintain sufficient administrative, accounting and management information systems and controls. We may not be able to accomplish these tasks or successfully manage our operations and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. Our failure to accomplish any of these goals could harm our financial results and prospects. We are transforming our research and development strategies to include the development of biologics, which requires substantial investment, including in personnel and facilities. We may encounter difficulties as we expand and may fail to successfully develop or commercialize our biologic product candidates, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We are transforming our research and development strategies to include the development of biologics, including peptides, proteins, antibodies, conjugates, and gene therapies. As a company, we do not have experience successfully developing and commercializing biologics and our current infrastructure may be inadequate to support the expected growth and transformation of processes, personnel, and technologies required for these new programs. We have hired employees with expertise in these modalities, but we will need to hire additional qualified personnel and expand our management, administrative, and technical staff to support the research and development organization. If we are unable to identify, recruit and integrate additional employees with the requisite skills, or effectively manage our transformation activities, the development of our biologic product candidates may not be successful, or be delayed or paused indefinitely. Gene therapies, in particular, may entail additional safety and development risks because they often require specialized administration (including intravenous administration) and may cause serious adverse events, including immune or inflammatory reactions, which could delay, suspend or terminate clinical development. Pre-existing immunity or immunity that develops after dosing may limit eligible patients and may prevent repeat dosing, which could reduce effectiveness and limit commercial adoption. Additionally, the manufacture of biologics and cognate devices are more complex than the manufacture of small molecule therapies. We currently have no manufacturing capabilities for biologic product candidates and devices and rely on third-party manufacturers. We may encounter delays in production and delivery of our biologic product candidates and devices by our third-party manufacturers or other vendors, which would result in corresponding delays to our development and commercialization of such biologic candidates. In addition, the regulatory requirements in the U.S. and in other countries governing biologics are evolving and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may change the requirements, or identify different regulatory pathways, for approval for any of our biologic candidates. As a result, we may be required to change our regulatory strategy or to modify our applications for regulatory approval, which could delay and impair our ability to complete the preclinical and clinical development and manufacture of, and obtain regulatory approval for, our biologic candidates. We have made, and expect to continue making, substantial investments in our research and development personnel and facilities, as well in external innovation to support our expansion into the development of our biologics. If any of these risks occur and we fail to successfully develop or commercialize our biologic product candidates, we may not realize a return on our investments which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 28 If we are unable to retain and recruit qualified scientists and other employees or if any of our key senior executives discontinues his or her employment with us, it may delay our development efforts or impact our commercialization of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any product candidate approved by the FDA in the future. We are highly dependent on the principal members of our management, commercial, and scientific staff. The loss of any of these people could impede the achievement of our objectives, including the successful commercialization of INGREZZA, the launch of CRENESSITY, or the commercialization of any product candidate approved by the FDA in the future. Furthermore, recruiting and retaining qualified scientific personnel to perform research and development work in the future, along with personnel with experience marketing and selling pharmaceutical products, is critical to our success. We may be unable to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and healthcare companies, and universities and non-profit research institutions for experienced scientists and individuals with experience marketing and selling pharmaceutical products. We may face particular retention challenges in light of the recent rapid growth in our personnel and infrastructure and the perceived impact of those changes upon our corporate culture. In addition, we rely on a significant number of consultants to assist us in formulating our research and development strategy and our commercialization strategy. Our consultants may have commitments to, or advisory or consulting agreements with, other entities that may limit their availability to us. Use of our approved products or those of our collaborators could be associated with side effects or adverse events. As with most pharmaceutical products, use of our approved products or those of our collaborators could be associated with side effects or adverse events which can vary in severity (from minor adverse reactions to death) and frequency (infrequent or prevalent). Side effects or adverse events associated with the use of our products or those of our collaborators may be observed at any time, including after a product is commercialized, and reports of any such side effects or adverse events may negatively impact demand for our or our collaborators products or affect our or our collaborators ability to maintain regulatory approval for such products. Side effects or other safety issues associated with the use of our approved products or those of our collaborators could require us or our collaborators to modify or halt commercialization of these products or expose us to product liability lawsuits which will harm our business. We or our collaborators may be required by regulatory agencies to conduct additional studies regarding the safety and efficacy of our products which we have not planned or anticipated. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we or our collaborators will resolve any issues related to any product related adverse events to the satisfaction of the FDA or any regulatory agency in a timely manner or ever, which could harm our business, prospects and financial condition. We currently depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers. The loss of these suppliers, or delays or problems in the supply of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or our product candidates, could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully develop or commercialize INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates. The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of process controls required to consistently produce the active pharmaceutical ingredients (API), the finished drug product and packaging in sufficient quantities while meeting detailed product specifications on a repeated basis. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products may encounter difficulties in production, such as difficulties with production costs and yields, process controls and validation, quality control and quality assurance, including testing of stability, impurities and impurity levels and other product specifications by validated test methods, compliance with strictly enforced U.S., state and non-U.S. regulations, and disruptions or delays caused by geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, man-made or natural disasters, public health pandemics or epidemics, armed conflicts, trade restrictions, tariffs, the recent shutdown of the U.S. federal government and the resulting effects on its regulatory agencies, or other business interruptions. We depend on a limited number of suppliers for the production (including API) of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, and our product candidates and for the packaging of INGREZZA and CRENESSITY. If our third-party suppliers for INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates encounter these or any other manufacturing, quality, or compliance difficulties, our ability to successfully develop or commercialize INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates could be materially and adversely affected. 29 In addition, if our suppliers fail or refuse to supply us with INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates, or their APIs for any reason, or terminate our supply agreements or do not perform as agreed, it would take a significant amount of time and expense to qualify a new supplier. The FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities must approve manufacturers of the active and inactive pharmaceutical ingredients and certain packaging materials used in pharmaceutical products. The loss of a supplier could require us to obtain regulatory clearance and to incur validation and other costs associated with the transfer of the API or product manufacturing processes. If there are delays in qualifying new suppliers or facilities or if a new supplier is unable to meet FDA or a similar foreign regulatory authority s requirements for approval, there could be a shortage of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully develop or commercialize INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates. We depend on our current collaborators for the development and commercialization of several of our products and product candidates and may need to enter into future collaborations to develop and commercialize certain of our product candidates. We depend on our current collaborators for the development and commercialization of several of our products and product candidates and may need to enter into future collaborations to develop and commercialize certain of our product candidates. For example, we depend on AbbVie for the manufacture and commercialization of ORILISSA and ORIAHNN and for the continued development of elagolix. We collaborate with TPC for the commercialization of DYSVAL in Japan and for the continued development and commercialization of valbenazine for movement disorders in other select Asian markets. Some of our other collaborators include Nxera Pharma UK Limited (formerly Sosei Heptares), Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, Voyager Therapeutics, Inc., and Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. Additionally, we depend on collaborators for the development of some of our biologics leads and candidates. Our current and future collaborations and licenses could subject us to a number of risks, including: strategic collaborators may sell, transfer or divest assets or programs related to our partnered product or product candidates; we may be required to undertake the expenditure of substantial operational, financial and management resources; we may be required to assume substantial actual or contingent liabilities; we may not be able to control the amount and timing of resources that our strategic collaborators devote to the development or commercialization of our products or product candidates; we may not be able to influence our strategic collaborator s decisions regarding the development and collaboration of our partnered product and product candidates, and as a result, our collaboration partners may not pursue or prioritize the development and commercialization of those partnered products and product candidates in a manner that is in our best interest; strategic collaborators may select indications or design clinical trials in a way that may be less successful than if we were doing so; strategic collaborators may not conduct collaborative activities in a timely manner, provide insufficient funding, terminate a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new version of a product candidate for clinical testing; strategic collaborators may not pursue further development and commercialization of products resulting from the strategic collaboration arrangement or may elect to discontinue research and development programs; disagreements or disputes may arise between us and our strategic collaborators that result in delays or in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management s attention and consumes resources; strategic collaborators may experience financial difficulties; strategic collaborators may not properly maintain, enforce or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in a manner that could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 30 we or strategic collaborators could terminate the arrangement (in whole or in part) or allow it to expire, which would delay the development and commercialization, result in disagreements or disputes or may increase the cost of developing and commercializing our products or product candidates; strategic collaborators could develop, either alone or with others, products or product candidates that may compete with ours; and our strategic collaborator s decisions regarding the development and commercialization of a partnered product or product candidate within their territory(ies) could negatively impact us in the territories where we have development and commercialization rights for such product or product candidate. If any of these issues arise, it may delay and/or negatively impact the development and commercialization of drug candidates and, ultimately, our generation of product revenues. We currently have no manufacturing capabilities. If third-party manufacturers of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our concerns, or if their performance is substandard, our ability to commercialize existing products, conduct clinical trials and develop new products could be impaired and our costs may rise. We have in the past utilized, and intend to continue to utilize, third-party manufacturers to produce the drug compounds we use in our clinical trials and for the commercialization of our products. We have limited experience in manufacturing products for commercial purposes and do not currently have any manufacturing facilities. Establishing internal commercial manufacturing capabilities would require significant time and resources, and we may not be able to timely or successfully establish such capabilities. Consequently, we depend on, and will continue to depend on, several contract manufacturers for all production of products for development and commercial purposes, including INGREZZA and CRENESSITY. If we are unable to obtain or retain third-party manufacturers, we will not be able to develop or commercialize our products, including INGREZZA and CRENESSITY. The manufacture of our products for clinical trials and commercial purposes is subject to specific FDA and equivalent foreign regulations, including current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations. Our third-party manufacturers might not comply with FDA or equivalent foreign regulations relating to manufacturing our products for clinical trials and commercial purposes or other regulatory requirements now or in the future. Our reliance on contract manufacturers also exposes us to the following risks: contract manufacturers may encounter difficulties in achieving volume production, quality control or quality assurance, and also may experience shortages in qualified personnel or materials and ingredients necessary to conduct their operations. As a result, our contract manufacturers might not be able to meet our clinical schedules or adequately manufacture our products in commercial quantities when required; switching manufacturers may be difficult because the number of potential manufacturers is limited. It may be difficult or impossible for us to find a replacement manufacturer quickly on acceptable terms, or at all; our contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to successfully produce, store or distribute our products or product candidates; and drug manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, equivalent foreign regulatory authorities, and other agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. Any delay, interruption, or other issue that arises in the manufacture of our products or product candidates as a result of a failure of a third-party manufacturer to pass regulatory inspections or maintain cGMP compliance could significantly impair our ability to develop our product candidates or to obtain approval for or successfully commercialize our products. Further, changes in federal policy could affect the geopolitical landscape and could give rise to circumstances that negatively affect our business. The third parties that manufacture our products have manufacturing facilities located in Europe. The U.S. has implemented, and has proposed to further implement, tariffs that may increase the costs of our third-party manufacturers and the expense to us to produce the drug compounds we use in our clinical trials and for the commercialization of our products. If such actions were to materially affect us or our third-party manufacturers, we may not be able to successfully develop our product candidates or commercialize our products. 31 Our current dependence upon third parties for the manufacture of our products may reduce our profit margin, if any, on the sale of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or our future products and our ability to develop and deliver products on a timely and competitive basis. We license some of our core technologies, drug leads, products, and product candidates from third parties. If we default on any of our obligations under those licenses, or violate the terms of these licenses, we could lose our rights to those technologies, drug leads, products, and product candidates or be required to pay damages. We are dependent on licenses from third parties for some of our key technologies. These licenses typically subject us to various commercialization, reporting and other obligations. If we fail to comply with these obligations, we could lose important rights. If we were to default on our obligations under any of our licenses, we could lose some or all of our rights to develop, market and sell products covered by these licenses. In addition, several of our collaboration and license agreements allow our licensors to terminate such agreements if we challenge the validity or enforceability of certain intellectual property rights or if we commit a material breach in whole or in part of the agreement and do not cure such breach within the agreed upon cure period. In addition, if we were to violate any of the terms of our licenses, we could become subject to damages. Likewise, if we were to lose our rights under a license to use proprietary research tools, it could adversely affect our existing collaborations or adversely affect our ability to form new collaborations. We also face the risk that our licensors could, for a number of reasons, lose patent protection or lose their rights to the technologies we have licensed, thereby impairing or extinguishing our rights under our licenses with them. Our customers are concentrated and therefore the loss of a significant customer may harm our business. We have entered into agreements for the distribution of INGREZZA with a limited number of specialty pharmacy providers and distributors. In addition, CRENESSITY is distributed by one specialty pharmacy provider. In the aggregate, four of these customers across our INGREZZA and CRENESSITY distribution arrangements represent over 90% of our total gross product sales. If any of our significant customers becomes subject to bankruptcy, is unable to pay us for our products or wants to terminate their relationship with us, or if we otherwise lose any of these significant customers, our revenue, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. Also, we may need to enter into agreements with additional distributors or specialty pharmacy providers, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we replace the loss of a significant customer, we cannot predict with certainty that such transition would not result in a decline in our revenue, results of operations and cash flows. We may need additional capital in the future. If we cannot raise additional funding, we may be unable to fund our business plan and our future research, development, commercial and manufacturing efforts. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors and we may need to raise additional capital to fund our business plan and our future research, development, commercial and manufacturing efforts. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: the commercial success of INGREZZA and CRENESSITY; the cost of commercialization activities and arrangements, including advertising campaigns; continued scientific progress in our research and development and clinical development programs; the magnitude and complexity of our research and development programs; progress with preclinical testing and clinical trials; the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals; the cost involved in filing and pursuing patent applications, enforcing patent claims, or engaging in interference proceedings or other patent litigation; costs associated with securing adequate coverage and reimbursement for our products; competing technological and market developments; developments related to any future litigation; the cost of manufacturing our product candidates; the impact of pandemics or epidemics on our business; and the cost of any strategic alliances, collaborations, product in-licensing, or acquisitions. 32 We may seek additional funding through public or private sales of our securities, including equity securities. In addition, we have previously financed capital purchases and may continue to pursue opportunities to obtain debt financing in the future. Additional equity or debt financing might not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. Any additional equity financings will be dilutive to our stockholders and any debt financings may involve operating covenants that restrict our business. We expect to increase our expenses for the foreseeable future, and we may not be able to sustain growth and profitability. We received FDA approval for INGREZZA for TD in April 2017 and for chorea associated with Huntington's disease in August 2023. We received FDA approval for CRENESSITY capsules and oral solution as an adjunctive treatment to glucocorticoid replacement to control androgens in adult and pediatric patients four years of age and older with classic CAH in December 2024. Our partner AbbVie received FDA approval for ORILISSA for endometriosis in July 2018 and for ORIAHNN for uterine fibroids in May 2020. Additionally, our partner TPC received Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare approval for DYSVAL for the treatment of TD in March 2022. However, we have not yet obtained regulatory approvals for any other product candidates. Even if we continue to succeed in commercializing INGREZZA, or are successful in commercializing CRENESSITY or any of our product candidates, we may not be able to sustain profitability. We also expect to continue to incur significant operating and capital expenditures as we: commercialize INGREZZA for TD and chorea associated with Huntington's disease; commercially launch CRENESSITY as an adjunctive treatment to glucocorticoid replacement to control androgens in adult and pediatric patients four years of age and older with classic CAH; seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates or for additional indications for our current products; develop, formulate, manufacture and commercialize our product candidates; in-license or acquire new product development opportunities; implement additional internal systems and infrastructure; and hire additional clinical, scientific, sales, marketing and administrative personnel. We expect to increase our expenses and other investments in the coming years as we fund our operations and capital expenditures. Thus, our future operating results and profitability may fluctuate from period to period due to the factors described above, and we will need to generate significant revenues to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow on a sustained basis. We may not be able to generate these revenues, and we may never achieve profitability on a sustained basis in the future. In addition, there is no guarantee that our prioritization determinations regarding our research and development and clinical development programs, including the acceleration or discontinuation of certain programs and product candidates, will generate their expected benefits and/or meet investor expectations. Our prioritization decisions may also adversely affect other internal programs and initiatives as well as our ability to recruit and retain skilled and motivated personnel. Our failure to maintain or increase profitability on a sustained basis could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. The independent clinical investigators and contract research organizations that we rely upon to conduct our clinical trials may not be diligent, careful or timely, or may make mistakes in the conduct of our trials. We depend on independent clinical investigators and CROs to conduct our clinical trials under their agreements with us. The investigators are not our employees, and we cannot control the amount or timing of resources that they devote to our programs. If our independent investigators fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our drug development programs, or if their performance is substandard, or not in compliance with good clinical practices (GCPs), it may delay or prevent the approval of our regulatory applications and our introduction of new treatments. The CROs we contract with for execution of our clinical trials play a significant role in the conduct of the trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data. Failure of the CROs to meet their obligations could adversely affect clinical development of our product candidates. Moreover, these independent investigators and CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, some of which may compete with us. If independent investigators and CROs assist our competitors at our expense, it could harm our competitive position. 33 We are subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review for INGREZZA and CRENESSITY. Additionally, our product candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other post-marketing requirements and restrictions. Regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. For INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, and any product candidate that the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the product is subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with GCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, advertising and promotional materials for approved products must comply with FDA regulations and those of foreign regulatory authorities and may be subject to other potentially applicable federal and state laws. As part of the Make America Healthy Again (MAHA) Commission s recent Strategy Report, the current administration has prioritized stricter oversight of direct-to-consumer advertising, including increasing the amount of information manufacturers provide regarding risks associated with the use of prescription drugs and ensuring that advertisements are not false, misleading or lacking in fair balance through coordination across government agencies. In September 2025, the FDA Office of Prescription Drug Promotion issued numerous untitled letters and warning letters to drug manufacturers regarding advertising and promotion, including one untitled letter addressed to us which alleges that certain claims made in promotional material for INGREZZA are misleading. Although we believe that our advertisement complies with applicable laws and regulations, resolving the concerns stated in the letter or future letters we may receive could negatively impact the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, increase compliance and media costs, and reduce demand for our products. Failure to comply with these ongoing regulatory requirements, or later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, may result in, among other things: restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, changes in the product s label, misbranding allegations, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; fines, warning or untitled letters or holds on clinical trials; refusal by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; adverse inspection findings, enforcement actions, or other activities that temporarily delay manufacture and distribution of our products; product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and product injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The occurrence of any of these events may adversely affect our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability on a sustained basis. The U.S. Supreme Court s June 2024 decision in Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo overturned the longstanding Chevron doctrine, under which courts were required to give deference to regulatory agencies reasonable interpretations of ambiguous federal statutes. The Loper decision could result in additional legal challenges to regulations and guidance issued by federal agencies, including the FDA, on which we rely. Any such legal challenges, if successful, could have a material impact on our business. Additionally, the Loper decision may result in increased regulatory uncertainty, inconsistent judicial interpretations, and other impacts to the agency rulemaking process, any of which could adversely impact our business and operations. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action or as a result of legal challenges, either in the U.S. or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our business could be materially harmed. 34 If the market opportunities for our products and product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, our expected revenues may be adversely affected, and our business may suffer. Certain of the diseases that INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, and our product candidates are being developed to address are in underserved and underdiagnosed populations, and, in the case of CRENESSITY, patients may also be incorrectly coded or misclassified in medical and reimbursement records. Accordingly, our projections of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who will seek treatment utilizing our products or product candidates, may not be accurate. As we expand the number of product candidates we are developing, it will become increasingly important that we accurately assess the market opportunities for those candidates. If our estimates of the prevalence or number of patients potentially on therapy prove to be inaccurate, the market opportunities for INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, and our product candidates may be smaller than we believe they are, our prospects for generating expected revenue may be adversely affected and our business may suffer. Because our operating results may vary significantly in future periods, our stock price may decline. Our quarterly revenues, expenses and operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future. Our financial results are unpredictable and may fluctuate, for among other reasons, due to seasonality and timing of customer purchases and commercial sales of INGREZZA and CRENESSITY, royalties from out-licensed products, the impact of Medicare Part D coverage, including redesign of the Part D benefit enacted as part of the IRA, our achievement of product development objectives and milestones, clinical trial enrollment and expenses, research and development expenses and the timing and nature of contract manufacturing, contract research payments, fluctuations in our effective tax rate, disruptions caused by geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, man-made or natural disasters, public health pandemics or epidemics, armed conflicts, trade restrictions, tariffs, the recent shutdown of the U.S. federal government and the resulting effects on its regulatory agencies, or other business interruptions. Because a majority of our costs are predetermined on an annual basis, due in part to our significant research and development costs, small declines in revenue could disproportionately affect financial results in a quarter. Thus, our future operating results and profitability may fluctuate from period to period, and even if we become profitable on a quarterly or annual basis, we may not be able to sustain or increase our profitability. Moreover, as our company and our market capitalization have grown, our financial performance has become increasingly subject to quarterly and annual comparisons with the expectations of securities analysts or investors. The failure of our financial results to meet these expectations, either in a single quarterly or annual period over a sustained period of time, could cause our stock price to decline. Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. New tax laws or regulations could be enacted at any time, and existing tax laws or regulations could be interpreted, modified, or applied in a manner that is adverse to us or our customers, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Federal laws such as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), enacted in 2025, the IRA enacted in 2022, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act enacted in 2020, and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in 2017, made significant changes to the U.S. tax laws. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act required taxpayers to capitalize and amortize U.S.-based and non-U.S. based research and experimental (R&E) expenditures over five and fifteen years, respectively. The OBBBA restored the deductibility of domestic R&E expenditures in the year incurred for tax years beginning after December 31, 2024, but retained the capitalization and amortization requirement for foreign R&E expenditures. Future guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities with respect to any laws may affect us, and certain aspects of such laws could be repealed or modified or sunset in future years. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to federal tax laws. Furthermore, our tax obligations (including the cost of compliance) and effective tax rate in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business could increase as a result of international tax developments, including the implementation of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s (OECD) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Two-Pillar framework, which involves, among other measures, the imposition of a minimum effective corporate tax rate (referred to as Pillar Two). Certain countries in which we conduct business have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, core provisions of the Pillar Two rules (with further provisions expected to be enacted in the future). Based on our current understanding of the minimum revenue thresholds contained in the Pillar Two proposal, we currently expect to fall within the scope of its rules. The OECD has issued (and is expected to 35 continue to issue further) administrative guidance providing transition and safe harbor rules in relation to the implementation of the Pillar Two proposal. For example, on January 5, 2026, the OECD published details of a proposed side-by-side arrangement providing for, among other things, additional safe harbors for multinational groups headquartered in certain qualifying jurisdictions. We continue to evaluate and assess the potential impact of these new rules, including on our effective tax rate, and our eligibility to qualify for any transition relief or safe harbor (including under the proposed side-by-side arrangement). Any changes in tax laws, including any new tax laws or initiatives, could not only significantly increase our tax provision, cash tax liabilities, and effective tax rate, but could also have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, result in significant one-time charges and ongoing compliance costs, and increase our future tax expense. Our effective tax rate may fluctuate, and we may incur obligations in tax jurisdictions in excess of accrued amounts. We have a multinational tax structure and are subject to income tax in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom and Switzerland. Our effective tax rate is influenced by many factors including changes in our operating structure, changes in the mix of our earnings among countries, our allocation of profits and losses among our subsidiaries, our intercompany transfer pricing agreements and rules relating to transfer pricing, our inability to secure or sustain acceptable agreements with tax authorities, the impact of stock-based compensation, the availability of U.S. research and development tax credits, the results of examinations and audits of our tax filings, changes in accounting for income taxes, and future changes in tax laws and regulations in the U.S. and foreign countries. Significant judgment is required in determining our tax liabilities including management s judgment for uncertain tax positions. The Internal Revenue Service, other U.S. taxing authorities, or non-U.S. taxing authorities may disagree with our interpretation of tax laws as applied to our operations. Our reported effective tax rate and after-tax cash flows may be materially and adversely affected by tax assessments in excess of amounts accrued for our financial statements. This could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations. The price of our common stock is volatile. The market prices for securities of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies historically have been highly volatile, and the market for these securities has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. For example, the applicability of the Medicare drug price negotiation provisions in the IRA negatively affected investor sentiment and resulted in significant volatility. Furthermore, especially as we and our market capitalization have grown, the price of our common stock has been increasingly affected by quarterly and annual comparisons with the valuations and recommendations of the analysts who cover our business. If our results do not meet these analysts forecasts, the expectations of our investors or the financial guidance we provide to investors in any period, which is based on assumptions that may be incorrect or that may change from quarter to quarter, the market price of our common stock could decline. Over the course of the last 12 months, the price of our common stock has ranged from approximately $84 per share to approximately $160 per share. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate in response to many factors, including: sales of INGREZZA and CRENESSITY; failure of CRENESSITY to achieve commercial success; the results of our clinical trials; reports of safety issues related to INGREZZA or CRENESSITY; any delay in filing an IND, NDA, marketing authorization application (MAA), or other regulatory submission for any of our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory agency's review of that IND, NDA, MAA, or other regulatory submission, including but not limited to the imposition of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by a regulatory agency; the perceived success of our plan to develop a steady cadence of innovative medicines for years to come; developments concerning new and existing collaboration agreements; announcements of technological innovations or new therapeutic products by us or others, including our competitors; 36 general economic and market conditions, including economic and market conditions affecting the biotechnology industry; developments in patent or other proprietary rights; developments related to the FDA, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and foreign regulatory agencies; government regulation, including the IRA; future sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; any trading activity pursuant to a share repurchase program; comments by securities analysts; additions or departures of key personnel; fluctuations in our operating results; potential litigation matters; government and third-party payor coverage and reimbursement; failure of any of our product candidates to achieve commercial success even if approved; disruptions caused by geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, man-made or natural disasters, public health pandemics or epidemics, armed conflicts, trade restrictions, tariffs, including protectionist or retaliatory measures taken by the U.S. or other countries, the recent shutdown of the U.S. federal government and the resulting effects on its regulatory agencies, or other business interruptions; and public concern as to the safety of our drugs. In addition, we are a member of the S&P MidCap 400 index. If we cease to be represented in the S&P MidCap 400 index, or other indexes or indexed products, as a result of our market capitalization falling below the threshold for inclusion in the index, certain institutional shareholders may, due to their internal policies and investment guidelines, be required to sell their shareholdings. Such sales may result in further negative pressure on our stock price and, when combined with reduced trading volume and liquidity, could adversely affect the value of your investment and your ability to sell your shares. There can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance long-term stockholder value. In October 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to $300 million of our common stock and we subsequently entered into an accelerated share repurchase (ASR) transaction to repurchase the entirety of this authorized amount. The purchase period for this ASR transaction ended in February 2025 and an aggregate of 2.3 million shares were delivered to us at an average repurchase price of $131.83 per share. Additionally, in February 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program under which we may repurchase up to $500 million of our common stock (of which $332.3 million remained available for additional repurchases as of December 31, 2025). This subsequent share repurchase authorization was in addition to the $300 million accelerated share repurchase program that was announced in October 2024 and completed in early February 2025. Our share repurchases may change from time to time, and we can provide no assurance that we will repurchase shares of our common stock at favorable prices, in particular amounts, or at all, and any repurchases may not enhance long-term stockholder value or prove to be the best use of our cash. If our Board of Directors authorizes any additional share repurchase programs, it could affect the trading price of our stock and increase volatility. Compliance with changing laws, regulations and standards relating to various aspects of our business, including corporate governance, workforce initiatives and public disclosure, may result in additional expenses and failure to comply with such laws, regulations and standards could adversely affect our business. Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to various aspects of our business, including corporate governance, workforce initiatives and public disclosure, including as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, new SEC regulations and Nasdaq rules a
