* Reporting to / informing Internal Framework External Framework Articles of Association, the Charter, Instructions for the CEO, Legislation, regulation, the Code, stock exchange rules policies, instructions, guidelines and Nordea’s values The numbers in the brackets refer to text paragraphs. * Group Risk Management as well as Group Compliance are described in separate sections and information is presented on page 59 to 64. 70 Nordea Annual Report 2011 Board of Directors' report General Meetings are held in Stockholm. For the member nor a time limit for how long a Board member minutes of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2011, see may serve on the Board. There are no such requirements in www.nordea.com. the external framework. Further, according to the Articles of Association the aim Voting rights shall be that the Board, as a whole, for its operations pos- According to the Articles of Association, shares may be sesses the requisite knowledge and experience of the issued in two classes, ordinary shares and C-shares. All social, business and cultural conditions prevailing in the shares in Nordea carry voting rights, with each ordinary regions and market areas in which the Group’s principal share entitled to one vote and each C-share entitled to one operations are conducted. tenth of one vote at General Meetings. At General Meet- The Board currently consists of eight members elected ings, each shareholder is entitled to vote for the full by the General Meeting after Björn Savén having informed number of shares that he or she owns or represents. the Board of Directors on 22 December 2011 that he would Nordea is not entitled to vote for its own shares at General resign with immediate effect from the Board of his own Meetings. C-shares are not entitled to any dividend. More accord. This was made public the same day. information about the Nordea share is presented in the In addition three members and one deputy member are section “The Nordea share and shareholders” on page appointed by the employees. Employees are entitled under 46 and in the Board of Directors’ Report on page 51. Swedish legislation to be represented in the Board. The The Articles of Association can be found at CEO of Nordea is not a member of the Board. The compo- www.nordea.com. Amendments to the Articles of Associa- sition of the Board of Directors appears from the table on tion are resolved at General Meetings in accordance with page 73 and further information regarding the Board Swedish law and are subject to approval by the Swedish members elected at the AGM 2011 is presented in the sec- Financial Supervisory Authority. tion "Board of Directors" page 200. Mandate to repurchase and convey of own shares Independence of the Board of Directors Information on mandate to repurchase and convey of own Nordea complies with applicable rules regarding the inde- shares is presented in the Financial Review on page 52. pendence of the Board. The Nomination Committee consid- ers all of the members elected by the shareholders independ- Nomination process (2) ent of the Company and its executive management, with the The AGM 2011 decided to set up a Nomination Committee exception of Lars G Nordström, who was employed as Presi- whose task in reference to the AGM 2012 is to propose dent and CEO of the Group until 13 April 2007. Thus the Board members, Chairman of the Board and auditor as majority of the Board members are independent in relation well as remuneration to the Board members and auditor. to the Company and its executive management. The Nomination Committee comprises Björn Wahlroos All Board members elected by the shareholders, apart (Chairman of the Board) and the four largest shareholders in from Björn Wahlroos and Kari Stadigh, are independent in terms of voting rights as of 31 August 2011, who wished to relation to the Company’s major shareholders. Björn Wahl- participate in the Committee. The appointment of the roos is board chairman of Sampo plc and Kari Stadigh is members of the Nomination Committee was made public managing director and CEO of Sampo plc, which owns on 16 September 2011. At the date of constitution, the more than ten per cent of all shares and votes in Nordea. Nomination Committee represented approximately Thus, the number of Board members who are independ- 41% of the shareholders votes. Sampo plc appointed ent in relation to the Company and its executive manage- Torbjörn Magnusson, the Swedish government appointed ment as well as independent in relation to the Company’s Kristina Ekengren, Nordea-fonden appointed Mogens major shareholders well exceeds the minimum require- Hugo and AMF appointed Peder Hasslev. Torbjörn Mag- ment. nusson was appointed chairman of the Committee. No Board member elected by the General Meeting is The proposals of the Nomination Committee will employed by or works in an operative capacity in the Com- be presented in the notice of the AGM 2012 and at pany. All Board members and deputy Board members www.nordea.com. appointed by the employees are employed by the Group and therefore not independent of the Company. Nordea Board of Directors (3) The independence of the Board of Directors also appears Composition of the Board of Directors in the table on page 73. According to the Articles of Association the Board of Directors shall consist of at least six and no more than fif- The work of the Board of Directors teen members elected by shareholders at the General The Board of Directors annually establishes its working Meeting. The term of office for Board members is one year. plan, in which the management and risk reporting to the Nordea has neither a specific retirement age for Board Board also is established. The statutory meeting following Nordea Annual Report 2011 71 Board of Directors' report the AGM 2011 elected the vice Chairman and appointed Evaluation of the Board the Board Committee members. The Board has adopted The Board of Directors annually carries out a self-evalua- rules of procedures for its work (the Charter), containing tion process, through which the performance and the among other things rules pertaining to the areas of work of the Board is thoroughly evaluated and discussed responsibility of the Board and the Chairman, the number by the Board. The evaluation is based on a methodology of meetings, documentation of meetings and rules regard- which includes questionnaires evaluating the Board as a ing conflicts of interest. Furthermore, the Board of Direc- whole and individual Board members. tors has adopted Instructions for the CEO specifying the CEO’s responsibilities as well as other policies, instruc- Board Committees tions and guidelines for the operations of the Group. These In accordance with the external framework and in order to together with the Articles of Association, the Charter and increase the effectiveness of the board work, the Board of Nordea’s values constitute the internal framework, which Directors has established separate working committees. regulate 
