. RISK FACTORS (dollars in millions, except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts) Our business activities are subject to significant risks, including those described below. You should carefully consider these risks. If any of the described risks actually occurs, our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Such risks are not the only ones we face and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. This report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below. Refer to Forward-Looking Statements. Risks Related to Our Operations and Business A substantial or extended decline in gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc prices would have a material adverse effect on us. Our business is dependent on the prices of gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc, which fluctuate on a daily basis and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control. Factors tending to influence prices include: Gold sales, purchases or leasing by governments and central banks; Speculative short positions taken by significant investors or traders in gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc or other metals; The relative strength of the U.S. dollar; The monetary policies employed by the world s major Central Banks; The fiscal policies employed by the world s major industrialized economies; Expectations of the future rate of inflation; Interest rates; Recession or reduced economic activity in the United States, Australia, China, India and other industrialized or developing countries; Decreased industrial, jewelry, base metal or investment demand; Increased import and export taxes; Increased supply from production, disinvestment and scrap; Forward sales by producers in hedging or similar transactions; Availability of cheaper substitute materials; and Changing investor or consumer sentiment, including in connection with transition to a low-carbon economy, investor interest in crypto currencies and other investment alternatives and other factors. Average gold prices for 2025 were $3,432 per ounce (2024: $2,386; 2023: $1,941), average copper prices for 2025 were $4.51 per pound (2024: $4.15; 2023: $3.85), average silver prices for 2025 were $40.03 per ounce (2024: $28.27; 2023: $23.35), average lead prices for 2025 were $0.89 per pound (2024: $0.94; 2023: $0.97), and average zinc prices for 2025 were $1.30 per pound (2024: $1.26; 2023: $1.20). Prices are obtained from the London Bullion Market Association for gold and silver and the London Metal Exchange for copper, lead and zinc. Any decline in our realized prices adversely impacts our revenues, net income and operating cash flows, particularly in light of our strategy of not engaging in hedging transactions with respect to sales of gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc. Historically, the commodity markets have been very volatile, and there can be no assurance that commodity prices will not be subject to wide fluctuations in the future. A substantial or extended decline in commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, cash flows, access to capital, and on the quantities of reserves that the Company can economically produce. Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. In addition, sustained lower gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead prices can: 17 Table of Contents Reduce revenues further through production declines due to cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits, that become uneconomic at sustained lower metal prices; Reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from ore stockpiles and ore on leach pads and increase the likelihood and amount that the Company might be required to record write downs related to the carrying value of its stockpiles and ore on leach pads; Halt or delay the development of new projects; Reduce funds available for exploration and advanced projects with the result that depleted reserves may not be replaced; and Reduce existing reserves by removing ores from reserves that can no longer be economically processed at prevailing prices. We may be unable to replace gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc reserves as they become depleted. Mining companies must continually replace reserves depleted by production to maintain production levels over the long term and provide a return on invested capital. Depleted reserves can be replaced in several ways, including expanding known ore bodies, by locating new deposits or acquiring interests in reserves from third parties. Exploration is highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and uncertainties and is frequently unsuccessful in discovering significant mineralization. Accordingly, our current or future exploration programs may not result in new mineral producing operations. Even if significant mineralization is discovered, it will likely take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. We may consider, from time to time, the acquisition of ore reserves from others related to development properties and operating mines. Such acquisitions are typically based on an analysis of a variety of factors including historical operating results, estimates of and assumptions regarding the extent of ore reserves, the timing of production from such reserves and cash and other operating costs. Other factors that affect our decision to make any such acquisitions may also include our assumptions for future gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc prices or other mineral prices and the projected economic returns and evaluations of existing or potential liabilities associated with the property and its operations and projections of how these may change in the future. In addition, in connection with any acquisitions we may rely on data and reports prepared by third parties (including ability to permit and compliance with existing regulations) and which may contain information or data that we are unable to independently verify or confirm. Other than historical operating results, all these factors are uncertain and may have an impact on our revenue, our cash flow and other operating issues, as well as contributing to the uncertainties related to the process used to estimate reserves and resources. In addition, there may be intense competition for the acquisition of attractive mining properties. As a result of these uncertainties, our exploration programs and any acquisitions which we may pursue may not result in the expansion or replacement of our current production with new ore reserves or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position. Estimates of proven and probable reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources are uncertain and the volume and grade of ore actually recovered may vary from our estimates. The mineral reserves stated in this report represent the amount of gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc and molybdenum that we estimated, at December 31, 2025, could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. Estimates of proven and probable reserves are subject to considerable uncertainty. Such estimates are, or will be, to a large extent, based on the prices of gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc, and molybdenum and interpretations of geologic data obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques, which data may not necessarily be indicative of future results. If our reserve estimations are required to be revised due to significantly lower gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc, and molybdenum prices, increases in operating costs, reductions in metallurgical recovery or other modifying factors, this could result in material write-downs of our investment in mining properties, goodwill and increased amortization, reclamation and closure charges. Producers use pre-feasibility or feasibility studies for undeveloped ore bodies to derive estimates of capital and operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined and processed, the predicted configuration of the ore body, expected recovery rates of metals from the ore, the costs of comparable facilities, the costs of operating and processing equipment and other factors. Actual operating and capital cost and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from original estimates. Further, it may take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time, the economic feasibility of production may change. Additionally, resources do not indicate proven and probable reserves as defined by the SEC or the Company s standards. Estimates of measured, indicated and inferred resources are subject to further exploration and development, and are, therefore, subject to considerable uncertainty. Inferred resources, in particular, have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence and their economic and legal feasibility. The Company cannot be certain that any part or parts of the resource will ever be converted into mineral reserves. In addition, if the price of gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc, or molybdenum declines from recent levels, if production costs increase, grades decline, recovery rates decrease or if applicable laws and regulations are adversely changed, the indicated level of 18 Table of Contents recovery may not be realized or mineral reserves or resources might not be mined or processed profitably. Similarly, mineral reserves may be impacted if assumptions relating to mine planning change or are not achieved, for example if planned improvements from our business improvement programs are not realized. If we determine that certain of our mineral reserves have become uneconomic, this may ultimately lead to a reduction in our aggregate reported mineral reserves and resources. Consequently, if our actual mineral reserves and resources are less than current estimates, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position may be materially impaired. Estimates relating to projects and mine plans of existing operations are uncertain and we may incur higher costs and lower economic returns than estimated. Mine development and expansion projects typically require a number of years and significant expenditures during the development phase before production is possible. Such projects could experience unexpected problems and delays during permitting, development, construction and mine start-up. Our decision to develop a project is typically based on the results of studies, which estimate the anticipated economic returns of a project. The actual project profitability or economic feasibility may differ from such estimates as a result of any of the following factors, among others: Changes in tonnage, grades and metallurgical characteristics of ore to be mined and processed; Changes in input commodity and labor costs, including as a result of inflation or tariffs; The quality of the data on which engineering assumptions were made; Increases in development capital and investment costs; Adverse geotechnical, geothermal and hydrogeological conditions; Availability of adequate and skilled labor force; Availability, supply and cost including: critical assets, water, reagents, and power; Costs related to environmental management and sales including waste management, monitoring and transport and storage of product sales; Fluctuations in inflation and currency exchange rates; Availability, cost and terms of financing; Ability to achieve anticipated benefits, synergies, savings and other efficiencies in connection with acquisitions, business improvement programs and initiatives, and through portfolio optimization and divestitures; Delays or inability to obtain environmental or other government permits or approvals or changes in the laws and regulations related to our operations or project development; Changes in tax laws, customs law and tariffs, the laws and/or regulations around royalties and other taxes due to the regional and national governments and royalty agreements; Government instability, including in jurisdictions that do not have a long-standing or significant mining industry, such that there may be limited clarity on agreements with such governments, or decreased governmental support for development of mining projects; Weather or severe climate impacts, including, without limitation, prolonged or unexpected precipitation, drought and/or sub-zero temperatures; Potential delays and restrictions in connection with health and safety issues, including pandemics (such as COVID-19 and related variants) and other infectious diseases, such as malaria or the zika virus; Potential delays relating to social and community issues, including, without limitation, issues resulting in protests, road blockages or work stoppages; and Potential challenges to mining activities or to permits or other approvals or delays in development and construction of projects based on claims of disturbance of cultural resources or the inability to secure consent generally from Indigenous groups. New projects require, among other things, the successful completion of feasibility studies, attention to various fiscal, tax and royalty matters, obtainment of, and compliance with, required governmental and regulatory permits and arrangements for necessary surface and other land rights. We may also have to identify adequate sources of water and power for new projects, ensure that appropriate community infrastructure (for example, reliable rail, ports, roads, and bridges) is developed to support the project and secure appropriate financing to fund a new project. These infrastructures and services are often provided by third parties whose operational activities are outside of our control. Establishing infrastructure for our development projects requires significant resources, identification of adequate sources of raw materials and supplies, and the cooperation of national and regional governments, none of which can be assured. In addition, new projects have no operating history upon which to base estimates of future financial and operating performance, including future cash flow. Thus, it is possible that actual costs may increase and economic returns may differ materially from our estimates. Consequently, our future development activities may not result in the expansion or replacement of 19 Table of Contents current production with new production, or one or more of these new production sites or facilities may be less profitable than currently anticipated or may not be profitable at all, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. For our existing operations, we base our mine plans on geological and metallurgical assumptions, financial projections and commodity price estimates. These estimates are periodically updated to reflect changes in our operations, including modifications to our proven and probable reserves, revisions to environmental obligations, changes in legislation and/or our political or economic environment, and other significant events associated with or impacting mining operations. Further, future positive revisions, if any, remain subject to improvements in costs, recovery, commodity price or a combination of these and other factors. Additionally, we review our operations for events and circumstances that could indicate that the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable. If indicators of impairment are determined to exist at our mine operations, and an impairment charge is incurred, such charges are not reversible at a later date even when favorable modifications to our proven and probable reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources, favorable revisions to environmental obligations, favorable changes in legislation and/or our political or economic environment, and other favorable events occur. As a result of these uncertainties, actual results may be less favorable than estimated returns and initial financial outlook. Increased operating and capital costs could affect our profitability. Costs at any particular mining location are subject to variation due to a number of factors, such as variable ore grade, changing metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the physical shape and location of the ore body, as well as the age and utilization rates for the mining and processing related facilities and equipment. In addition, costs are affected by the price and availability of input commodities, such as fuel, electricity, labor, chemical reagents, explosives, steel, concrete and mining and processing related equipment and facilities. Commodity costs are, at times, subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at certain operations less profitable. Further, changes in laws and regulations can affect commodity prices, uses, and transport. Reported costs may also be affected by changes in accounting standards. A material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect on our profitability and operating cash flow. Our operational costs, including, without limitation, labor costs, can be impacted by inflation. Certain of our operations are located in countries that have in the past experienced high rates of inflation, such as in Argentina, Suriname, and Ghana. It is possible that in the future, high inflation in the countries in which we operate may result in an increase in operational costs in local currencies (without a concurrent devaluation of the local currency of operations against the dollar or an increase in the dollar price of gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc). A material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect on our profitability and operating cash flow. We could have significant increases in capital and operating costs over the next several years in connection with new projects, costs related to closure reclamation activities, and in the sustaining and/or expansion of existing mining and processing operations. Costs associated with capital expenditures may increase in the future as a result of factors beyond our control. Increased capital expenditures may have an adverse effect on the profitability of and cash flow generated from existing operations, as well as the economic returns anticipated from new projects. Significantly higher and sustained increases in operational costs or capital expenditures could result in the deferral or closure of projects and mines in the event that costs become prohibitive. At the beginning of the third quarter of 2025, management committed to a strategic plan designed to reduce operating costs and continue to advance the Company s ongoing commitment to profitability, which included streamlining its organizational structure and a reduction of the Company s workforce and office space in certain markets. Such initiatives involve expenses primarily relating to employee severance, consulting costs, and other restructuring charges. Cost saving estimates are based on a number of assumptions, including compliance with local legal requirements across jurisdictions. Actual costs, timing, and benefits may differ from current estimates as the Company continues to assess the full scope of the impact arising from, or related to, the workforce reduction and operating model changes. There can be no assurance that the expected cost reductions or operational efficiencies will be realized within the anticipated timeframe, or at all. Mine closure, reclamation and remediation costs for environmental liabilities may exceed the provisions we have made. Natural resource extractive companies are required to close their operations and rehabilitate the lands that they mine in accordance with a variety of environmental laws and regulations. Estimates of the total ultimate closure and rehabilitation costs for gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead mining operations are significant and based principally on current legal, community and regulatory requirements and mine closure plans that may change materially. Additionally, we may be held responsible for the costs of addressing contamination at the site of current or former activities or at third party sites or be held liable to third parties for exposure to hazardous substances should those be identified in the future. Under the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( CERCLA ) and its state law equivalents, current or former owners of properties may be held jointly and severally liable for the costs of site cleanup or required to undertake remedial actions in response to unpermitted releases of hazardous substances at such property, in addition to, among other potential consequences, liability to governmental entities for the cost of damages to natural resources, which may be significant. These subject properties are referred to as superfund sites. For example, the inactive Midnite uranium mine is a superfund site subject to CERCLA. 20 Table of Contents It is possible that certain of our other current or former operations, projects or exploration locations in the U.S. could be designated as a superfund site in the future, exposing us to potential liability under CERCLA. The laws and regulations governing mine closure and reclamation in a particular jurisdiction are subject to review at any time and may be amended to impose additional requirements and conditions which may cause our provisions for environmental liabilities to be underestimated and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations. For a more detailed description of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters in Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, regulators are increasingly requesting security in the form of cash collateral, credit, trust arrangements or guarantees to secure the performance of environmental obligations, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position. Any underestimated or unanticipated retirement and rehabilitation costs could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Environmental liabilities are accrued when they become known, or new permit conditions or limits are added, are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes known, or a previously estimated reclamation cost is increased, the amount of that liability and additional cost will be recorded at that time and could materially reduce our consolidated net income attributable to Newmont stockholders and potentially result in impairments. For example, in early 2015 and again in June 2017, the Peruvian government agency responsible for certain environmental regulations, the MINAM, issued proposed modifications to water quality criteria for designated beneficial uses which apply to mining companies, including Yanacocha. These criteria modified the in-stream water quality criteria pursuant to which Yanacocha has been designing water treatment processes and infrastructure. In 2017, Yanacocha submitted a modification to its previously approved compliance achievement plan to the MINEM. In May 2022, Yanacocha submitted a proposed modification to this plan requesting an extension of time for coming into full compliance with the new regulations to 2027. In June 2023, Yanacocha received approval of its updated compliance plan from MINEM and was granted an extension to June 2026 to achieve compliance. The Company appealed this approval to the Mining Council requesting the regulatory extension until 2027, and in April 2024, MINEM approved the compliance schedule. The Company is conducting detailed studies to better estimate water management and other closure activities that will ensure water quality and quantity discharge requirements, including the modifications promulgated by MINAM, as referenced above, will be met. During 2025, a comprehensive update to the Yanacocha reclamation plan was completed which addressed changes in closure activities and estimated closure costs while aiming to preserve optionality for potential future projects at Yanacocha. Ongoing studies, which will extend beyond the current year, continue to evaluate and revise assumptions and estimated costs of changes to the reclamation plan. While certain estimated costs remain subject to revision, the Company s asset retirement obligation includes construction and operating costs for two new water treatment plants and initial consideration of known risks (including the associated risk that these water treatment estimates could change in the future as more work is completed). The ultimate water treatment costs of the two water treatment plants remain uncertain as ongoing study work and assessment of opportunities that incorporates the latest design considerations remain in progress. These and other risks and contingencies that are the subject of ongoing studies could result in future material increases to the reclamation obligation at Yanacocha, including, but not limited to, a comprehensive review of our tailings storage facility management, review of Yanacocha s water balance and storm water management system and review of post-closure management costs. The ongoing Yanacocha closure studies are expected to continue in the future. Future material increases or decreases to the asset retirement obligation could occur as additional analyses are completed and further refinements to water quality and volume modeling are completed. Additionally, revisions to the Yanacocha reclamation plan may change in connection with the Company s ultimate submission and review of the plan with Peruvian regulators. Refer to Notes 6 and 24 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding reclamation and remediation, and Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements regarding the Company s interest in Yanacocha. Damage to our reputation may result in decreased investor confidence, challenges in maintaining positive community relations and can pose additional obstacles to our ability to develop our projects, which may result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and growth prospects. Damage to our reputation can be the result of the actual or perceived occurrence of a variety of events and circumstances, and could result in negative publicity (for example, with respect to handling of environmental, tailings and tailings failures, employee, safety and security matters, dealings with local community organizations or individuals, community commitments, handling of cultural sites or resources, and various other matters). In recent years we have provided greater transparency on environmental, social and governance performance in response to stakeholder engagement and requests, and provided supplemental disclosures in our Annual Sustainability Report and other sustainability reports on our website in connection with stakeholder concerns and issues. Such increased transparency may result in greater scrutiny and impact how the Company is perceived. The Code forms the foundation of our internal governance structure as well as our commitment to responsible mining. We encourage employees and others to promptly report incidents of possible violations of the Code and/or our global policies and standards, including without limitation in the areas of business integrity, social and environmental, community relations and human rights. Employees and non-employees, including suppliers and community members, can anonymously report concerns via our third-party-administered helpline. Each mine site also has a complaints and grievances register to record matters raised by local stakeholders. When necessary, we use independent mechanisms agreed to by the complainants, such as a local leader or committee, 21 Table of Contents to facilitate resolution of such matters before they require public or legal intervention. However, we are not always able to resolve these matters before they are raised publicly or in legal or regulatory proceedings and in the future we may not be able to meet the growing demands of stakeholders through these mechanisms. Such matters once publicized may negatively impact our reputation and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. The growing use of social media to generate, publish and discuss community news and issues and to connect with others has made it significantly easier, among other things, for individuals and groups to share their opinions of us and our activities, whether true or not. We do not have direct control over how we are perceived by others and any resulting loss of reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. We are dependent upon information technology and operational technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure or cybersecurity attacks and risks associated with implementation, upgrade, operation and integration. Our business operations rely heavily on technology platforms and systems to manage and optimize our globally diverse mining assets. These systems are critical to ensuring safety, operational efficiency, cost management, and meeting environmental, social, and governance (ESG) objectives. However, the increasing sophistication of cybersecurity threats, coupled with the adoption of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI), automation, and cloud-based platforms, poses important risks to our operations, financial performance, and reputation. Our systems, as well as those of our third-party service providers, vendors, and partners, face a wide range of cybersecurity threats, including: Ransomware, malware, and phishing schemes targeting critical systems and sensitive data; unauthorized access and breaches affecting intellectual property, financial information, and operational data; vulnerabilities introduced through supply chain dependencies and third-party security weaknesses; human error, design flaws, and system misconfigurations. The adoption of new technologies and the adoption of remote and flexible work arrangements enhances our operational capabilities but introduces additional risks. AI, for example, is increasingly leveraged by Newmont for decision-making, mineral extraction optimization, and autonomous operations. While AI has the potential to improve efficiency and safety, it also presents unique vulnerabilities, including algorithmic biases that could lead to inaccurate decisions or unintended outcomes; data integrity risks, such as manipulation or corruption of datasets used to train AI systems; unauthorized access or exploitation of AI-powered systems, potentially compromising operations or sensitive data. Additionally, the increased interconnectivity of automated and cloud-based systems and increase of our remote workforce expands our cyber-attack surface, requiring heightened vigilance and advanced security measures. These risks are further compounded for our operations in countries with higher geopolitical risk. The Newmont cybersecurity program is designed to protect our technology platforms and address risks associated with the implementation of emerging technologies. While these efforts are designed to align with industry best practices, no system can eliminate all risks, especially given the pace of technological advancement and the evolving nature and increased frequency of cyber threats. In addition, we do not carry specific cybersecurity insurance to help mitigate such costs due to increased premiums and limited market availability. A successful cyberattack or other cybersecurity incident could result in production and operational downtimes, data corruption, and unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information. For example, in 2020, we detected a cyberattack on our systems. Although we were able to respond quickly to stop the continued spread of the threat, it took significant time and resources to fully identify the scope of the attack and to recover our systems and data. The cost of responding to and remediating such event was immaterial. Although the 2020 attempts and other cyber incidents to date have not resulted in any material breaches, disruptions, or loss of business-critical information, our systems and procedures for preparing and protecting against such attempts and mitigating such risks may prove to be insufficient against future attacks. These events may subject us to significant expenses, remediation costs, disputes, financial losses, regulatory actions or investigations, litigation, reputational harm, and delays in the deployment of critical technologies, that could results in damages, material fines and penalties, and harm to our reputation, any of which could have a significant effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. The risks associated with the implementation of emerging technologies, if not effectively mitigated, could undermine the benefits of these advancements and impact our competitive position. In addition, we are subject to various legislation, regulations, directives and guidelines from federal, state, local and foreign agencies, that are intended to strengthen cybersecurity measures required for information and operational technology, and that apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information. Failure to comply with any of applicable legal requirements could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, which could harm our reputation and have a significant effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. To the extent we hold or acquire interests in any joint ventures or enter into any joint ventures, our interest in these properties is subject to the risks normally associated with the conduct of joint ventures. To the extent we hold or acquire interests in any joint ventures or enter into any joint ventures in the future, the existence or occurrence of one or more of the following circumstances and events could have a material adverse impact on our profitability or the 22 Table of Contents viability of our interests held through joint ventures, which could have a material adverse impact on our future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition: inconsistent economic, political or business interests or goals between partners or disagreements with partners on strategy for the most efficient development or operation of mines; inability to control certain strategic decisions made in respect of properties; exercise of majority rights by our partners so as to take actions for which we may not believe to be in the joint venture s best interests, including but not limited to decisions related to day to day operations, labor relations, litigation, government relations, political contributions, community relations, project approval and project funding mechanisms; inability of partners to meet their financial and other obligations to the joint venture or third parties; disputes between partners regarding management, funding or other decisions related to the joint venture; and activities conducted by partners outside the joint venture may lead to reputational or regulatory consequences that negatively affect the performance or reputation of the joint venture due to their association. To the extent that we are not the operator of joint venture properties, such that we will be unable to control the activities of the operator, the success of such operations will be beyond our control. In many cases we will be bound by the decisions made by the operator in the operation of such property, and will rely on the operator to manage the property and to provide accurate information related to such property. We can provide no assurance that all decisions of operators of properties we do not control will achieve the expected results. For example, our joint ventures, including the joint venture that combined our and Barrick Mining Corporation s ( Barrick ) respective Nevada operations, forming NGM, pursuant to the operating agreement entered into on July 1, 2019 between Barrick, Newmont and their wholly-owned subsidiaries party thereto (the Nevada JV Agreement ), may not be as beneficial to us as expected, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in construction costs, political risks, labor disputes or other factors. Pursuant to the terms of the Nevada JV Agreement, we hold a 38.5 percent economic interest and Barrick holds a 61.5 percent economic interest in NGM. Barrick operates NGM with overall management responsibility and is subject to the supervision and direction of NGM s Board of Managers, which is comprised of three managers appointed by Barrick and two managers appointed by Newmont. Outside of certain prescribed matters, decisions of the Board of Managers will be determined by majority vote, with the managers appointed by each company having voting power in proportion to such company s economic interests in NGM. Because we beneficially own less than a majority of the ownership and governance interests in NGM, we have limited control of NGM s operations, and we depend on Barrick to operate NGM. In the event that Barrick has interests, objectives and incentives with respect to NGM that differ from our own, there can be no assurance that we will be able to resolve such disagreement in our favor. On January 26, 2026, we informed Barrick and the NGM Board of Managers that we had identified evidence of mismanagement at NGM, including diversion of resources from NGM to the benefit of Barrick s wholly-owned property Fourmile and Barrick, and that we were exercising our contractual inspection and audit rights. On February 3, 2026, we sent Barrick a notice of default under the Nevada JV Agreement related to this conduct. Although we continue to work with Barrick to improve the performance of NGM and will take appropriate steps to address this matter, any such disagreements could have a material adverse effect on our interest in NGM, the business of NGM or the portion of our growth strategy related to NGM. Newmont is also exposed to non-managed investments related to its joint venture interest in Pueblo Viejo Mine (40% owned) and Norte Abierto Project (50% owned), and NuevaUni n Project (50% owned). We also hold a 32% equity interest in Lundin Gold, a Canadian mine development and operating company, operating the Fruta del Norte gold mine in Ecuador, in addition to a variety of exploration and project joint ventures. Additionally, the Company is subject to certain funding requirements in connection with its joint ventures. Joint venture funding requirements, as well as the ability of partners to meet their financial and other obligations, may result in increases to our costs and required capital expenditures and possible delays in joint venture activities. Refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information including with respect to loan agreements with Pueblo Viejo. To the extent any of our joint ventures is subject to liabilities or litigation, we would be responsible for a proportional share of the liabilities and/or the joint venture s operations could be impacted, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial position. Our operations and business have in the past been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and may be materially and adversely impacted in the future by pandemics, epidemics and other health emergencies. The Company faces risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases, which could significantly disrupt operations and may materially and adversely affect its business and financial conditions. For example, the global COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted our operations in 2020 and 2021, and to a lesser extent in 2022. In order to protect nearby communities and align with government travel restrictions or health considerations, certain of Newmont s operations were temporarily put into care and maintenance resulting in a temporary decrease in production at these sites in 2020 and 2021. Additionally, the majority of our sites experienced pandemic-related absenteeism in 2021 and early 2022. In addition, the Company incurred costs 23 Table of Contents during 2020 and 2021 as a result of actions taken to protect against the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and comply with local mandates, and could be required to incur such costs in the future. Reductions in our operational activities due to COVID-19, or another pandemic, epidemic or health outbreak, could result in additional sites being placed into care and maintenance for extended periods of time and/or have a material adverse impact on our business, or financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If the majority of our sites are placed into care and maintenance, this could significantly reduce our cash flow and impact our ability to meet certain covenants related to our revolving credit facility and borrowing capacity. Financial Risk Increased exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations and capital controls may adversely affect Newmont s costs, earnings and the value of some of our assets. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar and the majority of our earnings and cash flows are denominated in U.S. dollars. We conduct certain business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. A portion of our operating expenses are incurred in local currencies. The appreciation of those local currencies against the U.S. dollar increases our costs of production in U.S. dollar terms at mines located outside the United States. The foreign currencies that primarily affect our results of operations are the Australian Dollar and the Canadian Dollar. Our consolidated earnings and cash flows may also be impacted by movements in the exchange rates. Change in the value of the currencies of the Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, the Mexican Peso, the Argentine Peso, the Ghana Cedi, the Papua New Guinea Kina, the Chilean Peso or the Surinamese Dollar versus the U.S. dollar could negatively impact our earnings. For information concerning the sensitivity of our Costs applicable to sales to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and more information our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, see Foreign Currency Exchange Rates section in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations. From time to time, countries in which we operate adopt measures to restrict the availability of the local currency or the repatriation of capital across borders. These measures are imposed by governments or central banks, in some cases during times of economic instability, to prevent the removal of capital or the sudden devaluation of local currencies or to maintain in-country foreign currency reserves. In addition, many emerging market countries require consents or reporting processes before local currency earnings can be converted into U.S. dollars or other currencies and/or such earnings can be repatriated or otherwise transferred outside of the operating jurisdiction. These measures may have a number of negative effects on Newmont, reducing the immediately available capital that we could otherwise deploy for investment opportunities or the payment of expenses. Measures that restrict the availability of the local currency or impose a requirement to operate in the local currency may create other practical difficulties for Newmont. For example, Argentina has been considered a hyperinflationary environment with a cumulative inflation rate of over 100% over the last three years. In recent years, Argentina s central bank enacted a number of foreign currency controls in an effort to stabilize the local currency. These restrictions directly impact the timing of Cerro Negro's ability to remit cash from gold sales and pay principal portions of intercompany debt to the Company. In addition, in recent years, PNG has experienced a backlog by foreign and domestic companies and governmental agencies to convert kina into foreign currencies. The Bank of PNG implements foreign exchange controls and manages the exchange rate of the kina against the U.S. dollar. There is a risk that further changes in foreign exchange controls may adversely impact future revenue and profitability. For more information, see Results of Consolidated Operations and Foreign Currency Exchange Rates sections in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations. See also RISK FACTORS under the headings Our operations in Argentina are susceptible to risk as a result of economic and political instability in Argentina and labor unrest , Our operations at Ahafo South and Ahafo North in Ghana are subject to political, economic, security and other risks and Our Merian operation in Suriname is subject to political, security and economic risks , Our operations at Lihir and project at Wafi-Golpu in PNG are subject to political and regulatory risks and other uncertainties and Our operations and projects Canada are subject to legal and regulatory risks and other uncertainties in connection with claims and challenges by Indigenous groups below. Future funding requirements may affect our business, our ability to pursue new business opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, pay cash dividends or engage in share repurchase transactions. Potential future investments, including projects in the Company s project pipeline, acquisitions and other investments, will require significant funds for capital expenditures. Depending on gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc prices, our operating cash flow may not be sufficient to meet all of these expenditures, or result in strategic reprioritization of the project portfolio, depending on the timing of development of these and other projects. As a result, new sources of capital may be needed to meet the funding requirements of these investments, fund our ongoing business activities, and fund construction and operation of potential future projects. Our ability to raise and service significant new sources of capital will be a function of macroeconomic conditions, future gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc prices as well as our operational performance, current cash flow and debt position, among other factors. We may determine that it may be necessary or preferable to issue additional equity or other securities, defer projects or sell assets. U.S. and global markets have, from time to time, experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic and events related to the recent and on-going conflicts (such as sanctions in Ukraine, Russia and/or Belarus), have in the past, and may in the future cause volatility and pricing in the capital markets. Additional financing may not be commercially available when needed or, if available, the terms of such financing may not be favorable to us and, if raised by offering equity securities, any additional financing may involve substantial dilution to existing stockholders. In the event of lower gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc prices, unanticipated operating or financial challenges, or new funding limitations, our ability to pursue new business 24 Table of Contents opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, fund our ongoing business activities, retire or service all outstanding debt, fund share repurchase programs and transactions and pay dividends could be significantly constrained. The Company s share repurchase program may be discontinued at any time, and the program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares of its common stock or to repurchase the full authorized amount. Consequently, the Board of Directors may revise or terminate such share repurchase authorization in the future. See also the risk factor under the heading Holders of our common stock may not receive dividends . In addition, our joint venture partners may not have sufficient funds or borrowing ability in order to make their capital commitments. In the case that our partners do not make their economic commitments, the Company may be prevented from pursuing certain development opportunities or may assume additional financial obligations, which may require new sources of capital. Our long-lived assets and goodwill could become impaired, which could have a material non-cash adverse effect on our results of operations. We review our operations for events and circumstances that could indicate that the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable. If indicators of impairment are determined to exist at our mine operations, we review the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets by estimating the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. We also review our goodwill for impairment annually and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. Management makes multiple assumptions in estimating future cash flows, which include production levels based on life of mine plans, future costs of production, estimates of future production levels based on value beyond proven and probable reserves at our operations, prices of metals, the historical experience of our operations and other factors. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating production levels of gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc and the costs to mine recoverable reserves, including many factors beyond our control that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected financial and operating results or result in future impairment charges. We may be required to recognize material non-cash charges relating to impairments of long-lived assets and/or goodwill in the future if actual results differ materially from management s estimates, which include metal prices, our ability to reduce or control production costs or capital costs through strategic mine optimization initiatives, increased costs or decreased production due to regulatory issues or if we do not realize the mineable reserves, resources or exploration potential at our mining properties. Additions to asset retirement costs could result in impairment charges. We recorded substantial goodwill, primarily as the result of our acquisition of Newcrest in 2023. We accounted for the acquisition of Newcrest using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that purchase price is allocated to the underlying tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed of Newcrest based on their respective fair market values. Any excess purchase price is allocated to goodwill. Our balance sheet reflects additions to the carrying amount of goodwill recognized in connection with the Newcrest transaction. The Company continues to evaluate strategic priorities and deployment of capital to projects in the pipeline. A decision to reprioritize, sell or abandon a development project could result in a future impairment charge. For example, in response to challenging market conditions, which included inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions, in 2023 the Company announced the deferral for at least two years of the full-funds investment decision for the Yanacocha Sulfides project in Peru. In 2025, the Company reassessed its strategy in Peru and is progressing mine closure activities while prioritizing other future development opportunities at Yanacocha ahead of any future re-evaluation of the Yanacocha Sulfides project, resulting in an indefinite deferral of the future development of this project and the impairment of the balances included in assets under construction and deferred mine development for the project. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statement for additional information. The Company also periodically updates the economic model for its Conga project to understand changes to the estimated capital costs, cash flows, and economic returns from the project. Certain decisions or changes in circumstances could result in determinations that carrying value is not recoverable and could result in impairment. See Part II, Item 7 under the heading Critical Accounting Estimates Carrying value of long-lived assets and Carrying value of Conga for additional information. If an impairment charge is incurred, such charges are not reversible at a later date even when favorable modifications to our proven and probable reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources, favorable revisions to environmental obligations, favorable changes in legislation and/or our political or economic environment, or other favorable events occur. As a result of these uncertainties, our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment, and actual results may be less favorable than estimated returns and initial financial outlook. For additional information regarding goodwill, refer to Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Our ability to recognize the benefits of deferred tax assets is dependent on future cash flows and taxable income. We recognize the expected future tax benefit from deferred tax assets when the tax benefit is considered to be more likely than not of being realized, otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied against deferred tax assets. Assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets requires management to make significant estimates related to expectations of future taxable income. Estimates of future taxable income are based on historical results of operations, forecasted cash flows from operations, and the application of existing tax laws in each jurisdiction. To the extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, our ability to realize the deferred tax assets could be impacted. In the future, our estimates could change requiring a valuation allowance or 25 Table of Contents impairment of our deferred tax assets. Additionally, future changes in tax laws could limit our ability to obtain the future tax benefits represented by our deferred tax assets. Refer to Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements under the heading Income and Mining Taxes - Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets and Note 2 under the heading Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets for additional information and factors that could impact the Company s ability to realize the deferred tax assets. For additional information regarding Newmont s non-current deferred tax assets, refer to Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Any downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could increase our future borrowing costs and adversely affect the availability of new financing. There can be no assurance that any rating currently assigned by Standard & Poor s Rating Services, Moody s Investors Service, or Fitch Ratings to Newmont will remain unchanged for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered if, in that rating agency s judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating so warrant. If we are unable to maintain our outstanding debt and financial ratios at levels acceptable to the credit rating agencies, or should our business prospects or financial results deteriorate, our ratings could be downgraded by the rating agencies. The Company s credit ratings have been subject to change over the years. We currently maintain a Standard & Poor s rating of BBB+ (stable outlook), Moody s Investors Service rating of A3 (stable outlook), and a Fitch Ratings rating of A- (stable outlook). We cannot make assurances regarding how long these ratings will remain unchanged or regarding the outcome of the rating agencies future reviews (including following any planned or future business combinations). A downgrade by the rating agencies could adversely affect the value of our outstanding securities, our existing debt and our ability to obtain new financing on favorable terms, if at all, and increase our borrowing costs, which in turn could impair our results of operations and financial position. Returns for investments in pension plans are uncertain. We maintain pension plans for certain employees which provide for specified payments after retirement. The Company s qualified pension plans are funded with cash contributions in compliance with IRS rules and regulations. The Company s non-qualified and other benefit plans are currently not funded, but exist as general corporate obligations. Refer to Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements under the heading Pension and Other Benefit Plans for additional information regarding the funding status of qualified and non-qualified plans. The Company reviews its retirement benefit programs on a regular basis and will consider market conditions and the funded status of its qualified pension plans in determining whether additional contributions are appropriate. The ability of the pension plans to provide the specified benefits depends on our funding of the plans and returns on investments made by the plans. Returns, if any, on investments are subject to fluctuations based on investment choices and market conditions. A sustained period of low returns or losses on investments could require us to fund the pension plans to a greater extent than anticipated. If future plan investment returns are not sufficient, we may be required to increase the amount of future cash contributions. Risks Related to Our Industry We may experience increased costs or losses resulting from the hazards and uncertainties associated with mining. The exploration for natural resources and the development and production of mining operations are activities that involve a high level of uncertainty. These can be difficult to predict and are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: Environmental hazards, including discharge of metals, concentrates, pollutants or hazardous chemicals; Industrial accidents, including in connection with the operation of heavy mobile equipment, milling equipment and/or conveyor systems and accidents associated with the preparation and ignition of large-scale blasting operations, milling and processing; Accidents in connection with transportation, including transportation of chemicals, explosives or other materials, transportation of large mining equipment and transportation of employees and business partners to and from sites; Social, community or labor force disputes resulting in work stoppages or shipping delays, such as at Pe asquito, Cerro Negro, Merian, and Lihir, or related loss of social acceptance of community support; Changes and/or increasingly stringent legal and regulatory requirements; Delays in permitting due to reduced resources and capacity for review and formulation of permits at regulatory agencies; Security incidents, including activities of illegal or artisanal miners, gold bullion or concentrate theft, including in transport, and corruption and fraud; Shortages in materials or equipment and energy and electrical power supply interruptions or rationing; Failure of unproven or evolving technologies or loss of information integrity or data; Unexpected geological formations or conditions (whether in mineral or gaseous form); Metallurgical conditions and gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc and other metal recovery, including unexpected decline of ore grade; 26 Table of Contents Unanticipated changes in inventory levels at heap-leach operations; Ground and surface water conditions; Fall-of-ground accidents in underground operations; Failure of mining pit slopes, heap leach facilities, tailings embankments, and other tailing depositions, or water storage dams; Seismic activity; Surface or underground fires or floods, inundation or inrush of water and other materials; and Other natural phenomena, such as lightning, cyclonic or tropical storms, drought, avalanches, landslides, wildfires, tsunami, floods, or other inclement weather conditions, including those impacting operations or the ability to access and supply sites. The occurrence of one or more of these events in connection with our exploration activities, development and production and closure of mining operations may result in the death of, or personal injury to, our employees, other personnel or third parties, the loss of mining equipment and infrastructure, work stoppages, damage to or destruction of mineral properties or production facilities, monetary losses, deferral or unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage and potential legal liabilities, all of which may adversely affect our reputation, business, prospects, results of operations and financial position. Mining operations involve a high degree of risk, including hazards related to the use of explosives and hazardous chemicals and critical equipment failure. Our operations are subject to risks associated with the transportation, storage, handling and use of explosives and hazardous chemicals. These include unplanned detonation of explosives and catastrophic release of hazardous chemicals (for example, due to vessel rupture resulting in an explosion or toxic gas release). Critical equipment related risks that apply to various Newmont sites include for example, mill failure arising from catastrophic failure of a component, or unavailability of mine haul fleet. Other critical equipment related risks may be site specific. For example, asset integrity at Lihir may be impacted by the proximity of the mine to a corrosive marine environment. The occurrence of such catastrophic events may result in work stoppages, damage to or destruction of mines and other producing facilities, damage to or loss of life and property, environmental damage and possible legal liability for any or all damage or loss and may adversely affect the Company s operating results and financial condition. We rely on our supply chain operations to procure goods and services to support our operations and projects, and competition with other natural resource companies, and shortage of critical parts, services and equipment may adversely affect our operations and development projects. Production continuity and cost profile can be impacted by risks associated with the management and operation of the Company s inbound global supply chain (including risks associated with the inventory management of critical equipment, spares and consumables). We rely on our global supply chain to procure goods and services from suppliers and contractors to support our operations and projects. We are exposed to material availability, disruption and performance risks across our supply chain, including lack of suitable suppliers or contractors, cost increases, impacts of pandemics and epidemics on the supply chain, transportation and logistics issues including delays in delivery, disruption to trade flows due to geopolitical tensions and/or changes in legislation, performance of suppliers and contractors to contractual terms, and damage to our reputation caused by actions of our suppliers or contractors. In addition, our ability to competitively source goods and services may be affected by local content procurement commitments in the jurisdictions in which we operate. See the RISK FACTORS We rely on contractors to conduct a significant portion of our operations and construction projects and Our operations and projects may be adversely affected by rising energy prices or energy shortages below for further information. Inbound supply chain disruptions could lead to mine site production curtailment or stoppage if a critical material or labor input is unavailable. This could have a material adverse impact to our financial condition depending on the duration of the curtailment or stoppage. The Company is also exposed to outbound supply chain risk, particularly fluctuating transportation charges, delays in delivery of shipments, theft, terrorism, geopolitical tensions and border closures and adverse weather conditions. In addition, we compete with other natural resource companies for specialized equipment and supplies necessary for exploration and development, as well as for rights to mine properties containing gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc, and other minerals. The mining industry has been impacted, from time to time, by increased demand for critical resources such as input commodities, drilling equipment, trucks, shovels and tires. These shortages have, at times, impacted the efficiency of our operations, and resulted in cost increases and delays in construction of projects; thereby impacting operating costs, capital expenditures and production and construction schedules. We may be unable to obtain the services of skilled personnel and contractors or specialized equipment or supplies, or to acquire additional rights to mine properties, which could have an adverse effect on our competitive position or adversely impact our results of operations. 27 Table of Contents We may be unable to obtain or retain necessary permits and land or mining tenure, which could adversely affect our operations and projects. Our mining and processing operations and development and exploration activities are subject to extensive permitting requirements. The requirements to obtain and/or achieve or maintain full compliance with such permits can be costly and involve extended timelines. While we strive to obtain and comply with all permits required of us, there can be no assurance that we will obtain all such permits and/or achieve or maintain full compliance with such permits at all times. Previously obtained permits may be suspended or revoked for a number of reasons, including through government or court action. New or amended permits may also be required to continue existing activities, as new laws come into effect or regulators change their application of laws. Failure to obtain and/or comply with required permits can have serious consequences, including damage to our reputation; cessation of the development of a project; increased costs of development or production and litigation or regulatory action, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our ability to obtain the required permits and approvals to explore for, develop and operate mines and to successfully operate near communities in the jurisdictions in which we operate depends in part on our ability to develop, operate and close mines in a manner that is consistent with the creation of social and economic benefits in the surrounding communities, which may or may not be required by law. Our ability to obtain permits and approvals and to operate near certain communities may be adversely impacted by real or perceived detrimental events associated with our activities or those of other mining companies affecting the environment, health and safety of communities in which we operate. Key permits and approvals may be revoked or suspended or may be adjusted in a manner that adversely affects our operations, including our ability to explore or develop properties, commence production or continue operations. Permit review and approval could be delayed, adversely impacting project implementation due to delays in review and development of permits from limited resources at the regulatory agencies. Many of our mining and processing operations, including tailings storage, project expansions, and exploration and development activities require mineral, mining and/or surface land tenure properties that are leased, granted to, or otherwise acquired by the Company for specified periods of time. Securing, maintaining, extending, and renewing the Company s rights, titles, or interests ("Legal Title") in and to these land tenures can be costly, subject to political, regulatory, and social risks, and no assurance can be provided that all required leases or other types of land tenure will be granted, maintained, extended, or renewed. For example, additional tailings capacity is needed to support future growth and sustainability of Boddington operations beyond 2025. Boddington s existing tailings facility is expected to reach the permitted capacity in 2026. Following advancement of the life of mine tailings study to explore options for continued tailings deposition, the Company decided to expand the existing F1/F3 Residue Disposal Area ("RDA") from an ultimate capacity of 600Mt to 750Mt to provide storage capacity to 2029, subject to permitting and other approvals. Beyond 2029 an additional tailings facility would need to be built, termed RDA2, and this facility is also subject to permitting and other approvals, including additional environmental permits. Further, the Boddington operation is primarily located on mining leases with renewal dates commencing in 2028. The lease renewal, as well as additional leases required in connection with tailings expansion, require cooperation and agreements with third parties. No assurances can be provided that such renewals and additional lease scope for further tailings capacity will be secured at similar cost, commercially reasonable terms, or at all. A failure to secure agreement on commercially reasonable terms could result in increased costs, requirements to move infrastructures, modification to future plans, including cessation of mining. Similarly, the current capacity of the TSFs at Cadia should support operations through to the current permitted time period by exhausting capacity within the current Pit TSF ("PTSF") and by constructing a raise to the South Tailings Storage Facility ("STSF"), as has been permitted. Studies evaluating potential options to increase tailings storage capacity are underway, including additional placement of tailings on the North Tailings Storage Facility ("NTSF") and a proposal to construct an extension to the current STSF ("STSFX") to provide capacity to approximately 2050. Cadia is currently approved to continue operations until 2031 and is seeking approval from the NSW Government to extend our mining operations beyond 2031. This is known as the Cadia Continued Operations Project ( CCOP ), of which the construction of the STSFX is a project feature. No assurances can be provided that approvals will be secured. Merian was able to obtain a Legal Title (the right of leasehold, which is a surface right) to facilitate the expansion of its tailings storage facility (TSF2). This title was granted by the Republic of Suriname in early 2025 under certain conditions as well as commitments to the local community in the area. To maintain this Legal Title in good legal standing, including its extension in due time, it remains important to adhere to the conditions related to the granting of this surface right as well as community commitments in relation to this surface right. Failure to obtain required land tenure can have serious consequences, including loss of Legal Title in and to mineral and/or surface properties that are owned or controlled by the Company, cessation of operations, project delays or cancellations, increased costs, and potential litigation or regulatory action. Any of these outcomes could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, operational performance, and financial condition. See RISK FACTORS under the headings Our Company and the mining industry are facing continued geotechnical, geothermal and hydrogeological challenges, which could adversely impact our production and profitability , and Title to some of our properties may be insufficient, defective, or challenged. 28 Table of Contents Mining companies are increasingly required to consider and provide benefits to the communities and countries in which they operate in order to maintain operations. Greater scrutiny on the private sector broadly and multi-national companies specifically, to contribute to sustainable outcomes in the places where they operate, has led to a proliferation of standards and reporting initiatives focused on environmental stewardship, social performance and transparency. Extractive industries, and mining in particular, have seen significant increases in stakeholder expectations. These businesses are increasingly required to meaningfully engage with impacted stakeholders; understand and avoid or mitigate negative impacts while optimizing economic participation and uplift opportunities associated with their operations. The expectation is for companies to create shared value for stockholders, employees, governments, local communities and host countries. Such expectations tend to be particularly focused on companies whose activities are perceived to have high socio-economic and environmental impacts. In Canada, for instance, there is increased expectation that is also increasingly supported by regulations and/or case law for Indigenous communities on whose traditional territories mineral development occurs or is impacted by mineral development to share in the economic prosperity of the mine, and for such communities to share in joint decision making with government regulators on various permitting efforts. Newmont has over many years developed and continues to evolve a robust system of ESG management that includes policies, standards, guidance, assurance, participation in international organizations focused on improved performance and outcomes for host communities and the environment. In Ghana, for instance, in response to resettlement-related complaints, Newmont worked with national and local government authorities, traditional leaders, impacted farmers/landowners and other concerned stakeholders to analyze impacts, extend programs to support vulnerable households and provide enhanced and/or alternative livelihood support. Despite the Company s commitment to on-going engagement with communities and stakeholders, no assurances can be provided that increased stakeholder expectations will not result in adverse financial and operational impacts to the business, including, without limitation, operational disruption, increased costs, increased investment obligations, increased commitments to local and/or Indigenous communities with fiscal implications, and increased taxes and royalties payable to governments. Illegal mining and artisanal mining occur on or adjacent to certain of our properties exposing such sites to security risks. Artisanal, small scale and illegal miners have been active on, or adjacent to, some of Newmont s African and South American properties, including in Peru, Suriname and Ghana in recent years. For example, in Ghana in 2019, illegal miners attacked a field team of security guards employed by a security contractor, tragically resulting in a fatality. While we are working collaboratively with the artisanal miners of the Pamaka Community in Suriname on a program that includes improving mining practices for improved safety, environmental and processing practices as well as alternative livelihood opportunities, this not always possible. Illegal mining, which involves trespass and occupation of exploration, development, and operating properties present significant security, safety, legal, and environmental risk, which could result in a security threat to human life, infrastructure, and equipment, and lead to the loss of legal title, environmental liabilities, possession, or use of Newmont's land tenure. The illegal miners from time to time have clashed with security staff and law enforcement personnel who have attempted to move them away from the facilities. Although, under certain circumstances, artisanal mining may be a legally sanctioned activity, artisanal mining is also associated with a number of negative impacts, including environmental degradation, poor working practices, erosion of civil society, human rights abuse and funding of conflict. The environmental, social, legal, safety and health impacts of artisanal and illegal mining are frequently attributed to formal large scale mining activity, and it is often assumed that artisanally-mined gold is channeled through large-scale mining operators, even though artisanal and large-scale miners normally have separate and distinct supply chains. These misconceptions impact negatively on the reputation of the industry. The activities of the illegal miners could cause damage to Newmont s properties or result in inappropriate or unlawful use of force for which Newmont could potentially be held responsible. The presence of illegal miners could lead to exploration and project delays and disputes regarding the development or operation of commercial gold deposits. Illegal mining could also result in lost gold production and reserves, mine and development stoppages, and have a material adverse effect on financial condition or results of operations or project development. Finally, it is difficult to separate potential or actual environmental impacts from Newmont's activities from those of artisanal miners who have illegally accessed and are operating on our land tenure. This can cause both reputational and compliance challenges. Civil disturbances and criminal activities can disrupt business and expose the Company to liability. Civil disturbances and criminal activities such as trespass, illegal mining, sabotage, theft, blockades, organized crime and vandalism may cause disruptions and could result in the suspension of operations, delays to project development and negative impacts on exploration activities at certain sites. Incidents of such activities have occasionally led to conflict with security personnel and/or police, which in some cases resulted in serious injuries or death including in Ghana, Peru, Mexico, PNG and Suriname in recent years. Additionally, some areas in which we conduct operations, develop projects and exploration activities are affected by civil unrest such as in PNG and Ecuador in early 2024, and persistent violence and organized crime involving significant drug cartels, such as in Mexico. Although security measures have been implemented by the Company to protect employees, community members, property and assets, such measures will not guarantee that such civil disturbances and criminal activities will not continue to occur in the future, or result in harm to employees, community members or trespassers, decrease operational efficiency or construction delays, increase community tensions or result in liabilities or reputational harm to Newmont. Security incidents, in the future, may have a material adverse effect on our operations, development projects, exploration and reclamation activities, especially if criminal activity and violence escalate. Such incidents may halt or delay production, increase operating costs; result in harm to employees, contractors, 29 Table of Contents visitors or community members; decrease operational efficiency due to employee absenteeism and other factors; increase communi
