 (ERM) framework is designed to assess and mitigate risks in order to minimize their potential impact and support the achievement of Nestlé’s long‑term purpose and business strategy. A top‑down assessment is performed at Group- level once a year. A bottom‑up assessment occurs in parallel, resulting in aggregation of the individual market assessments. This creates a good understanding of the company’s key risks in order to allocate ownership to drive specific actions around them and take any relevant steps to address them. Additionally, Nestlé engages with external stakeholders to better understand the issues that are of most concern to them. The materiality assessment (included in the Creating Shared Value and Sustainability Report) rates the degree of external stakeholder concern and potential business impact. This helps to ensure that wider sustainability issues are incorporated into the risks and opportunities under consideration across the company. Risk assessments and any mitigating actions are the responsibility of the individual line management. If Group‑level intervention is required, responsibility for mitigating actions will generally be determined by the Executive Board. The annual Group risk assessment is reported annually to the Executive Board, Audit Committee and Board of Directors. Under the Group’s governance, the full Board is responsible for risk oversight. Further details of the ERM processes can be found in the Corporate Governance Report. We are committed to transparency and action on climate-related risks and opportunities. We have aligned our reporting disclosures with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which can be found in our Creating Shared Value and Sustainability Report. 50 Nestlé Annual Review 2023 Principal risk * Description Potential impact Key mitigations Business Failure of strategic transformations – Failure to realize anticipated – Executive sponsorship transformations such as large-scale change benefits of transformations with aligned management projects, restructuring, – Impairments targets and appropriate levels mergers and acquisitions, etc. – Low employee morale and/or of resources to support successful engagement execution Climate change Climate-related physical disruption – Volatility in supply of raw materials – Implementation of Nestlé’s Net (e.g., extreme weather events, due to physical climate changes Zero Roadmap water shortages, land use change, (e.g., water stress, heat stress, etc.) – Generation Regeneration activities deforestation, biodiversity loss, – Policy impacts (e.g., carbon tax, to support the advancement etc.) and transitional disruption land use restrictions, agricultural of regenerative food systems (e.g., policy actions, technological subsidy shifts, etc.) on operating – Progress on mitigations reported advances, market sentiment, etc.) costs in the Creating Shared Value disrupting our operations and/or – Increased consumer and/or and Sustainability Report, consumer demand stakeholder concern regarding the Climate Risk and Impact Report climate change impacting and Nestlé’s CDP questionnaires reputation Consumer preferences Failure to adequately anticipate – Negative effect on Nestlé’s – Strengthened consumer-centricity evolving consumer preferences; reputation and/or brands of innovation processes innovate relevant, competitive – Failure to achieve growth targets, – Scientific and nutritional products and brands; and/or execute loss of market share know‑how applied to enhance at speed nutrition, health and wellness – Improved accessibility of safe and affordable food Customer Failure to build and maintain trading – Reduced distribution of – Strategic customer relationship and channel relationships across traditional our products to consumers management management and emerging channels – Restricted ability to price – Continued acceleration of digital impacting margin capabilities and expansion – Failure to achieve growth targets, of e-commerce and online loss of market share communication Environmental Failure to comply with legislation – Negative effect on Nestlé’s – Caring for Water plan to implement stewardship or meet expectations concerning reputation and/or brands water stewardship initiatives the environment (e.g., biodiversity – Corporate fines and/or taxation – Commitments to improve impacts, use of natural resources, on products/categories operational efficiencies air emissions and waste discharges, – License to operate challenges (e.g., transition to renewable etc.) (e.g., access to water, etc.) energy sources, reduction in air – Litigation emissions, etc.) – Nestlé membership on the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures Ethics Failure to act with integrity or in a – Negative effect on Nestlé’s – Corporate Business Principles and compliance manner consistent with our purpose reputation and/or brands and Code of Business Conduct and values – Penalties and/or fines outlining the Group’s commitment – Litigation to integrity – Loss of licenses – Compliance program and systems, including grievance mechanisms Geopolitical, Adverse instability and/or – Reduction in consumer demand – Monitoring and ad-hoc continuity societal factors uncertainty (e.g., political instability, across categories and/or channels plans to mitigate against events conflicts, trade wars, pandemics – Disruption to Nestlé’s ability to do – Group‑wide geographical and or disease outbreaks, labor and/or business in a country or region product category spreads infrastructure-related risks, etc.) – Disruption to supply chain – Decentralized management structure – Procurement strategy Health Failure to comply with local health – Negative effect on Nestlé’s – Long‑term initiatives to promote and safety and safety regulations and/or reputation and/or brands safe and healthy behaviors nurture safe, healthy workplaces in – Penalties and/or fines – Health and safety policies all countries where Nestlé operates – Litigation and procedures – Injuries or fatalities – Procedures to comply with local – Occupational illness or accidents health and safety legislation – Employee Health Strategy (e.g., #HealthyLives to build personal health, safety and well-being awareness among employees, etc.) Nestlé Annual Review 2023 51 Principal risk * Description Potential impact Key mitigations Human rights Failure to identify and/or prevent – Negative impact on individuals – Human Rights Framework human rights violations in direct – Negative effect on Nestlé’s and Roadmap operations and extended supply reputation and/or brands – Salient issue action plans chain (e.g., forced labor, child labor, – Penalties and/or fines – Sustainable sourcing programs living income and living wage, – License to operate challenges (e.g., Nescafé Plan, Nestlé freedom of association, etc.) – Litigation Cocoa Plan, etc.) – Policies, processes and controls to respect and promote human rights – Grievance mechanisms and consequence management Macro-financial Volatility and/or sudden shocks – Government intervention (e.g., – Appropriate governance and risk factors impacting macro factors (e.g., forex, capital controls, price controls, mitigation measures to actively interest rates, cost of capital, credit etc.) impacting operations and manage exposures and long‑term ratings, pension liabilities, etc.) financial performance asset and liability outlook – Impeded access to capital markets Non-financial Failure to comply and/or meet – Negative effect on Nestlé’s – Board oversight supported corporate governance stakeholders’ expectations reputation and/or brands by the Sustainability Committee with regards to non-financial – Penalties and/or fines – Leadership provided by the ESG performance and reporting – Litigation & Sustainability Council – Dedicated ESG Strategy & Deployment Unit – Alignment with relevant non- financial reporting frameworks People retention Failure to attract and retain skilled, – Negative effect on Nestlé’s – Initiatives to improve gender talented employees in a competitive, reputation and/or brands balance and cultural diversity dynamic marketplace – Workforce ill-equipped with – Development strategies to cope the skills for the digital age with the demands of a changing – Failure to achieve growth work force and profit targets Product and plastic Failure to comply with current or – Specific packaging (e.g., single- – Transformation of packaging packaging future regulation, source relevant use plastic, etc.) and/or elements systems, including recyclable replacement packaging and/or (e.g., straws, etc.) taxed, banned or reusable packaging, new develop new innovative solutions and/or delisted packaging materials and – Stigmatization and/or collaborations to drive recycling obsolescence of products, brands penetration and/or categories – Nestlé Institute of Packaging – Failure to achieve growth targets, Sciences innovation of packaging loss of market share solutions Product quality Major event triggered by a serious – Serious harm or death – Policies, processes and controls and safety food safety, product quality or other – Negative effect on Nestlé’s to ensure high‑quality, safe product-related non-compliance reputation and/or brands products and prevention issue – Failure to meet evolving regulatory of health risks requirements – Quality and food safety culture – Loss of trust – Penalties and/or fines – Litigation Regulation Prolonged negative perceptions – Increase in regulation on industry – Scientific and nutritional concerning health implications and/or specific categories know‑how focused to enhance of processed food and beverage – Erosion of consumer confidence nutrition, health and wellness categories in industry – Policies, including Nestlé – Limitations on marketing Marketing Communication and distribution to Children and Nestlé Policy for Implementing the WHO Code Strategic investment Investment choices evolve over time – Broader exposures for the Group – Group’s investment choices choices to include emerging technologies; – Acceptance of higher risk aligned with strategy and new business models; creation of, and return metrics prioritized based on the potential or entry into, new categories; and/or to create value over the long term geographic expansion 52 Nestlé Annual Review 2023 Principal risk * Description Potential impact Key mitigations Supply chain Major event impacting raw material – Impeded ability to ensure supply – Business continuity and disaster disruption sourcing, transport, and/or internal of key products, ingredients recovery plans for key sites or external manufacturing facilities and packaging, including sourcing, – Active price risk management (e.g., commodity shortages, transporting to operational on key commodities strikes, sanctions, natural disasters, facilities and distribution to – Multiple supply options, including pandemics or disease outbreaks, customers localized sourcing where relevant conflict, etc.) – Increase in input prices and/or production and distribution costs Supply chain Failure to ensure a transparent, – Negative effect on Nestlé’s – Generation Regeneration activities stewardship sustainable and resilient food reputation and/or brands to support the advancement supply chain – Penalties and/or fines of regenerative food systems – License to operate challenges – Sustainable sourcing programs – Product shortages to achieve transparency and traceability on key raw materials Systems, security Threat of cyber-attacks; new – Inability to run operational – Contingencies and policies and privacy technologies, including AI; and/or activities to protect hardware and software failure of internal systems and digital – Loss of confidential information – Privacy program to guard against networks disrupting the reliability, impacting corporate reputation data security threats and comply security and privacy of data and/or – Loss of consumer trust with an evolving regulatory ability to operate – Penalties and/or fines landscape – Litigation Taxation factors Change to or new interpretation – Failure to comply with tax – Group Tax Management Principles of existing tax regulations and/or regulations to manage and monitor tax new tax regulations (e.g., OECD – Increase in effective tax rates compliance Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, – Increase in the cost of compliance – Processes and tools to ensure BEPS, etc.) compliance with new requirements * Listed in alphabetical order Nestlé Annual Review 2023 53 Factories North America (NA) Asia, Oceania and Africa (AOA) Canada 2 Algeria 2 United States 54 Angola 1 Australia 6 Bahrain 1 Europe (EUR) Bangladesh 1 Belgium 1 Cameroon 1 Bulgaria 1 Côte d’Ivoire 2 Czech Republic 3 Egypt 2 Denmark 1 Ghana 1 Finland 2 India 8 France 14 Indonesia 4 Germany 12 Iran 2 Greece 2 Israel 6 Hungary 2 Japan 3 Ireland 1 Jordan 1 Italy 6 Kenya 1 Netherlands 1 Lebanon 1 Poland 5 Malaysia 6 Portugal 2 Morocco 1 Republic of Serbia 1 New Zealand 4 Russia 6 Nigeria 3 Slovak Republic 1 Pakistan 4 Spain 10 Papua New Guinea 1 Sweden 1 Philippines 5 Switzerland 10 Qatar 1 Türkiye 3 Senegal 1 Ukraine 3 Singapore 2 United Kingdom 8 Saudi Arabia 5 South Africa 5 Sri Lanka 1 Thailand 9 United Arab Emirates 2 Vietnam 6 Zimbabwe 1 The figure in black after the Powdered and Liquid Beverages country denotes the number Water of factories. Milk products and Ice cream Nutrition and Health Science Prepared dishes and cooking aids Confectionery PetCare 54 Nestlé Annual Review 2023 Latin America (LATAM) Greater China (GC) Argentina 6 Greater China 23 Bolivia 1 Brazil 12 Chile 9 Colombia 5 Cuba 3 Dominican Republic 2 Ecuador 3 Guatemala 2 Mexico 12 Nicaragua 1 Panama 1 Peru 1 Trinidad and Tobago 1 Uruguay 1 Venezuela 5 Nestlé Annual Review 2023 55 Corporate Governance and Compliance 56 Nestlé Annual Review 2023 Corporate Governance A principles-based approach to governance provides Share capital distribution by geography the foundation for our many actions to create sustainable value for our shareholders and shared value for all Switzerland 46.6% United States 31.2% our stakeholders. Germany 6.0% United Kingdom 4.3% Nestlé’s value creation model allows us to continue Belgium 3.1% Canada 1.7% to invest, renovate and grow. We progress on our path Luxembourg 1.1% to gradually reduce absolute GHG emissions in our Qatar 0.7% supply chain and continue to support the transition to Ireland 0.7% France 0.7% a regenerative food system. Our engagement on climate Others 3.9% action is in line with our detailed Net Zero Roadmap, which our shareholders endorsed at the 2021 Annual General Meeting. As of 2024, we will submit our report on non-financial matters to a vote by shareholders as required by Swiss law. While making our portfolio non-financial reporting. Chaired by our Lead Independent good for the planet, we further intensified our efforts to Director, the Nomination Committee evaluates Board provide consumers with nutritious, healthy and enjoyable composition, performance, structure and succession products and to establish new global best practice in planning, and assesses candidates for nomination to the product nutrition transparency. Board. The Compensation Committee ensures alignment of our remuneration systems with our values, strategies Nestlé’s Board of Directors is engaged in overseeing and performance. In 2023, it continued its work to refine the direction of the company. We have continued to the KPIs in our short- and long-term incentive plans and strengthen the Board by adding new independent to enhance the related disclosure. directors with diverse experience and skillsets directly relevant to Nestlé, for example, with respect to food systems, food and beverage, digitalization, marketing, sustainability, geopolitics and other topics. Engagement with our shareholders takes place through our roadshows, investor meetings, analyst calls and Chairman’s Roundtables, where we meet with investors from Asia, North America, Switzerland, Germany, the UK, France and the Netherlands. The Chair’s and Corporate Governance Committee regularly reviews all aspects of our governance. In 2023, it reviewed the roles and responsibilities with regards to our ESG/sustainability reporting. Our Board approves the ESG/sustainability strategy proposed by management and submits our report on non-financial matters to the Annual General Meeting. Advising on our environmental and social sustainability, including our response to climate change and our human rights due diligence program, the Sustainability Committee has oversight over the structure and content of the ESG/sustainability reporting. The Audit Committee oversees internal and external audit and reviews reports regarding internal controls, compliance, fraud and risk management; it has oversight over the accuracy of our financial and Nestlé Annual Review 2023 57 Board of Directors of Nestlé S.A. Board of Directors of Nestlé S.A. at December 31, 2023 Paul Bulcke (1, 2, 4) Dinesh Paliwal (1, 3, 4) Chairman Former President and CEO, Harman International U. Mark Schneider (1, 2) Industries Inc. Chief Executive Officer Hanne Jimenez de Mora (1, 2, 5) Co-founder, a-connect group Henri de Castries (1, 2, 4, 6) Vice Chairman Lindiwe M. Sibanda (1, 5) Lead Independent Director Professor Extraordinary, University Former Chairman and CEO, AXA of Pretoria, RSA Pablo Isla (1, 2, 3) Luca Maestri (1, 6) Former Chairman and CEO, Chief Financial Officer, Apple Inc. Inditex Chris Leong (1, 5) Renato Fassbind (1, 2, 6) Chief Marketing Officer, Former Vice Chairman, Schneider Electric Swiss Re AG Rainer Blair (1) Patrick Aebischer (1, 3) President and CEO, President Emeritus of the Swiss Danaher Corporation Federal Institute of Technology Marie-Gabrielle Lausanne (EPFL) Ineichen-Fleisch (1, 4) Kimberly A. Ross (1, 6) Former State Secretary and Former CFO, Baker Hughes LLC, Director of the Swiss State Avon Products Inc. and Royal Secretariat for Economic Affairs Ahold N.V. SECO Dick Boer (1, 3, 5) Former President and CEO, Ahold Delhaize N.V. Peter Brabeck-Letmathe (1) Term expires on the date of the Chairman Emeritus Annual General Meeting 2024 (2) Chair’s and Corporate Governance David P. Frick Committee Secretary to the Board (3) Compensation Committee (4) Nomination Committee EY (1) (5) Sustainability Committee 
