 and internal controls over groups and non-governmental organizations, suppliers, business reduce emissions in each business area. sustainability reporting partners, customer representatives, and industry associations. Hydro also engages and partners with sustainability experts from academia, • Assessment of the materiality of biodiversity and ecosystems in Hydro regularly assesses risk and controls over its sustainability and actively engage users of Hydro’s sustainability statement such Hydro’s operations and value chain based on the LEAP reporting process. The risks are discussed with the Board Audit as authorities, banks and investors on Hydro’s sustainability approach (locate, evaluate, assess, prepare), initiatives to Committee, and also discussed with Hydro’s external auditors who commitments and progress toward Hydro’s sustainability goals. minimize biodiversity and ecosystem impacts in Hydro’s operations, and metrics related to potential biodiversity impacts. provide limited assurance over the sustainability statement. The external assurance process is risk based, and the external auditors Information on Hydro’s engagement of affected stakeholders is provide feedback on their assessment of risks to the Board Audit described in the individual chapters Own workforce, Workers in the • Assessment of taxonomy eligibility, and alignment of Hydro’s Committee and Hydro’s management. The auditors also provide value chain, Affected communities, and Customers and end users. activities associated with manufacture and use of hydrogen. feedback to the Board of Directors in relation to the Board’s review For information regarding stakeholder engagement and human • More detail on human rights impacts related to own workforce, and approval of the annual report. rights, see the Human rights chapter. workers in the value chain, and affected communities. Stakeholder engagement is organized both at the corporate level and Hydro is exposed to risks associated with incomplete or inconsistent • More information related to Hydro’s customers and end-users. reporting on sustainability topics, including risks associated with in the business areas through local community meetings, bilateral greenwashing. There are also risks related to the accuracy of data engagement of individual stakeholders, national, and international No material errors in prior periods have been identified, but some inputs and manual errors in the reporting process from aggregating multi-stakeholder meetings, and through industry associations. All minor corrections have been made in individual metrics. Such data from multiple systems into the corporate disclosure business areas have a forum for dialogue between management and corrections are described in the note to the respective metrics. management system. Hydro has implemented controls based on union or employee representatives. their assessment of risks in the sustainability statements, including Incorporation of ESRS requirements by review controls for quantitative and qualitative data in the sustainability statements by business area, group functions and reference to other sections of the annual report Hydro’s disclosure committee, as well as access controls and and the remuneration report automated input controls in sustainability reporting systems. The description of Hydro’s strategy, business model and value chain, Hydro’s external auditors perform testing on Hydro’s sustainability inputs, outputs, outcomes and the integration of sustainability matters reporting as part of the limited assurance provided over the and sustainability-related goals (SBM-1), is presented in the Our company’s sustainability statement in the annual report. The Business and Our Performance chapters. Hydro’s identified material assurance activities performed by the external auditor are described sustainability topics are presented in the Materiality assessment in the assurance statement. section on the next page. Information on how Hydro’s business model adapts to manage material sustainability related impacts, risks Interests and views of stakeholders and opportunities (SBM-3) is presented alongside the disclosures provided in relation to each material sustainability topic. Number of Engaging with Hydro’s stakeholders helps the company understand employees by geographical are reported in the Own workforce what is expected of it, what is important to them, how Hydro impacts chapter. Revenue by IFRS 8 segments is presented in Note 1.4 to them and how Hydro can solve common challenges. Hydro consults the financial statement. affected stakeholders to identify, assess, and manage material social, health, safety, environmental, and economic impacts The description of Hydro’s governance bodies (GOV-1) and their associated with our activities and business relationships. Dialogue work to address sustainability matters (GOV-2) are included in the with affected stakeholders gives input to action plans to manage Governance chapter. The integration of sustainability in performance Hydro’s impacts, and the views of affected stakeholders are incentive schemes (GOV-3) is described in the Remuneration report. integrated in the reporting on sustainability topics to Hydro management. Hydro strives to act in an ethical and transparent Payment and warranty terms in Note 5.1 to the financial statement, manner, and gather views from interested parties, aiming for a includes information on our payment practices (G1-6). © Hydro 2024 69 General Content 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices information When planning new projects, Hydro maps the environmental and assessment process supports the identification and further evaluation Stakeholder dialogue in Hydro social impact when relevant. Before major developments or large of sustainability related impacts and risks. expansions are undertaken, it is a requirement to conduct an impact assessment, in line with internationally accepted standards. In both The views of Hydro’s stakeholders are integrated in the materiality assessment that is updated every year. Hydro’s group functions and Market Owners cases, Hydro follows standards such as the International Finance business areas summarize input provided to them through their Corporation Performance Standards, Equator principles and UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. This includes the engagement with affected stakeholders, and their interaction with • Commodity and stock • Owners and shareholders principle of free, prior, and informed consent when indigenous and external sustainability experts and users of Hydro’s sustainability exchanges • The Norwegian government traditional peoples are involved. The assessments follow the statement. • Competitors • Financial markets requirements regarding information, consultation, and investigation of Impact materiality is assessed in terms of actual and potential • Customers • Analysts the project’s environmental and social impact, including human sustainability impacts from Hydro’s own activities and/or business • End users • Traders rights, and include an action plan with proposed initiatives. relationships in the upstream and downstream value chain, as well • Insurers and banks • Brokers as an assessment of actual and potential positive sustainability • Partners and joint ventures • Ratings agencies Sustainability due diligence impacts The assessment of impacts is in accordance with the GRI • Suppliers Standards and OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible • Other business relations All identified material sustainability topics are considered in the Business Conduct. definition of Hydro’s overall strategy. The overall strategy is supported by specific strategies on climate change, environment and Financial materiality is assessed in terms of risk of negative people. Requirements for sustainability due diligence and risk reputational, financial, or commercial consequences for Hydro that management, in line with Hydro’s sustainability strategies, are are associated with sustainability topics, as well as potential embedded in business processes through Hydro’s policies, directives sustainability related upside risks, or opportunities, for Hydro. and procedures, including Hydro’s human rights policy, Hydro’s Code of Conduct and Supplier Code of Conduct, as well as Hydro’s global All identified sustainability related impacts, risks and opportunities Society Internal procedures for biodiversity and ecosystem services, sustainability in that are considered material for affected stakeholders or users of the supply chain, environmental management, water stewardship, Hydro’s sustainability statement are presented in the graphical HSE risk management, social responsibility, and sustainability in new representation of material sustainability topics on the next two pages, • Academia • Board of Directors projects and major changes to existing facilities. and described in the sustainability statement. However, not all • Authorities • Employee representatives sustainability related risks in the sustainability statement are • Industry associations • Employees The sustainability statement section corresponding to each material specifically highlighted in Hydro’s aggregate risk profile described in • Lobby groups sustainability topic provides an overview of risk assessment and due the Risk review section. • Local communities diligence processes in relation to each sustainability topic, as well as Hydro’s assessment of identified adverse impacts, Hydro’s actions to Hydro’s sustainability statement includes separate chapters on all • Media address identified impacts, and the results of these efforts. material sustainability topics covered by ESRS. In addition, Hydro • National and international has included separate chapters on two Hydro specific sustainability unions topics: Human rights, and Legacy impact. The chapter for each • NGOs Materiality assessment material sustainability topic includes a description of Hydro’s • Politicians Hydro assesses material sustainability related impacts, risks and sustainability context and dependencies (“why it matters”), a • Public offices opportunities according to the ESRS concept and requirements of description of material impacts, risks and opportunities in relation to • R&D funding bodies double materiality. The assessment is validated by Hydro’s the topic, and corresponding disclosures on governance, strategy, disclosure committee and approved by the Board of Directors. policies, metrics and targets. The materiality assessment is based on input from Hydro’s sustainability and subject matter experts in group functions for climate, environment, social responsibility, health and safety, compensation and benefits, diversity, inclusion and belonging, compliance, and enterprise risk management, as well as input from risk management and sustainability functions in each business area. Involvement of the risk management resources in the materiality © Hydro 2024 70 General Content 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices information Impact materiality: Hydro’s potential and actual impact on sustainability topics across the value chain Drivers of positive impact 1. Renewable energy generation 2. Low-carbon primary aluminium production 3. Recycling post-consumer aluminium scrap Bauxite Alumina Energy Primary Extrusion Recycling 4. Flood control from regulated watersheds 5. Secure employment, adequate wages, social protection, 1 2 3 career development, and an inclusive work environment E1 Climate change 6. Job creation and engagement on standards for decent A, B A, B A, B A, B work, human and workers’ rights across the value chain. 7. Local community value creation 8. Providing customers transparent, quality information on E2 Pollution traceable value chain C, D C, D C, D C, D C, D 9. Engagement on business conduct, compliance, anti- corruption, and other sustainability topics. 4 E3 Water and marine resources Drivers of potential negative impacts E A. Fossil fuel and non-renewable electricity use B. GHG Process emissions from primary aluminium E4 Biodiversity and ecosystems production G, H G, H F, H G G G C. Emissions to water in relation to wastewater discharges to waterbodies 3 D. Emissions to air from fossil fuel use, electrolysis process E5 Resource use and circular economy and certain recycling operations I, J I, J I, J J E. Water use change from hydropower 5 5 5 5 5 5 F. Biodiversity and ecosystem pressure from water use S1 Own workforce change K K K K K K G. Biodiversity and ecosystem pressure from greenhouse gas emissions and potential incidents of pollution 6 6 6 6 6 6 H. Biodiversity and ecosystem pressure from land use S2 Workers in the value chain change L L L L L L I. Primary resource use in alumina refining and primary aluminium production 7 7 7 7 7 7 J. Resource outflows, including tailings, bauxite residue S3 Affected communities and waste generation M M M M M M K. Potential health and safety incidents affecting own workforce 8 8 8 8 8 L. Potential health and safety incidents and impact on S4 Consumers and end users human rights for workers in the value chain N M. Potential impact on human rights in local communities 9 9 9 9 9 9 N. Potential incidents impacting health and safety of G1 Business conduct consumers and end users © Hydro 2024 71 General Content 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices information Financial materiality: Hydro’s exposure to sustainability related risks and opportunities Potential sustainability related opportunities for Hydro 1. Production of lower-carbon inputs for aluminium production 2. New renewable energy development Bauxite Alumina Energy Primary Extrusion Recycling 3. Market premiums from lower carbon products 4. Integrated value chain with traceable, secure material 1 1 2 3 3 3 supply, including recycled aluminium E1 Climate change 5. Circular production models integrated in value chain A, B A, B B A, B A, B B 6. Being an attractive employer offering safe and secure jobs, adequate wages, social protection, career development, and inclusive work environment E2 Pollution 7. Being a cornerstone company that contributes to local C, D C, D C, D C, D C, D community value creation 8. Providing customers transparent, quality information on traceable value chain E3 Water and marine resources E E E E E E Potential sustainability related risks for Hydro A. Regulatory, technology, and market risks associated E4 Biodiversity and ecosystems with the transition to net-zero GHG emissions F, G F, G F, G F, G G G B. Climate change related changes in rainfall patterns, flooding, water shortage, sea levels, storm patterns and 4 4 4 4 5 intensities, and temperatures E5 Resource use and circular economy C. Increased cost of non-GHG emissions and compliance H G H H with new regulations 6 6 6 6 6 6 D. Potential incidents of pollution S1 Own workforce E. Climate change related changes in water availability I I I I I I affecting electricity generation, cooling, operations or transport/logistics F. Impact on drivers of biodiversity loss, including land use S2 Workers in the value chain change, water use, climate change and pollution J J J J J J G. Dependency on ecosystem services for water flow, flood and storm protection, mass stabilization and erosion 7 7 7 7 7 7 control S3 Affected communities H. Supply of raw materials in a concentrated value chain K K K K K K I. Potential health and safety incidents J. Potential impact on health, safety, workers’ rights, and 8 8 8 8 8 human rights across the value chain S4 Consumers and end users K. Potential impact on health, safety, and human rights of people in affected communities across the value chain L. Events of non-compliance with regulations, standards, G1 Business conduct or stakeholder expectations L L L L L L © Hydro 2024 72 General Content 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices information Notes to the sustainability statement Environmental information Climate change 74 Resource use and circular economy 104 Affected communities 146 Total greenhouse gas emissions in consolidated Community investments, donations, and E1.1 S3.1 activities E5.1 Resource inflows sponsorships Total greenhouse gas emissions based on E1.2 E5.2 Resource outflows – Products and materials S3.2 Social responsibility target ownership equity E1.3 Indirect (scope 3) greenhouse gas emissions E5.3 Resource outflows – Waste Consumers and end users 151 E1.4 Direct greenhouse gas emissions by GHG type E5.4 Resource outflows from 50/50 joint ventures S4.1 Customer satisfaction E1.5 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity S4.2 Certifications E1.6 Energy consumption Social and governance information E1.7 Renewable energy consumption Own workforce 122 Business conduct 153 Non-compliance with business conduct E1.8 Energy intensity S1.1 Permanent employees per region, gender and payroll G1.1 standards Full time and part time employees by region and E1.9 GHG emissions and energy in 50/50 joint ventures S1.2 G1.2 Non-compliance with laws and regulations gender Pollution 87 S1.3 New employees and turnover G1.3 Compliance training E2.1 Non-GHG emissions S1.4 Total employees by Business Area G1.4 Current income tax E2.2 Spills and leakages S1.5 Training and development G1.5 Partnerships and commitments E2.3 Environmental permit breaches S1.6 Gender related salary differences G1.6 ICMM Performance Expectations Water resources 91 S1.7 Gender and compensation in Norway E3.1 Water interaction S1.8 Diversity in management E3.2 Water interaction in water stressed areas S1.9 Local representation E3.3 Water interaction in 50/50 joint ventures S1.10 Employee engagement S1.11 Diversity and inclusion Biodiversity and ecosystems 95 S1.12 Injuries and lost time E4.1 Aluminium value chain S1.13 High risk incidents E4.2 Assets with proximity to protected areas S1.14 Occupational illness and sick leave Threatened species within Hydro’s area of E4.3 S1.15 Social data for 50/50 joint ventures influence E4.4 Land use and rehabilitation in Paragomnias Workers in the value chain 141 E4.5 Overburden moved in paragomnias S2.1 Supplier metrics E4.6 Land use in Hydro Energy S2.2 Supplier due diligence © Hydro 2024 73 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices Climate change to market prices for aluminium based products. Physical risks could Protocol and industry standards from the International Aluminium Why it matters result from climate related acute or chronic changes in rainfall Institute (IAI). Hydro also engages with a broad set of stakeholders on Hydro's industrial processes depend on energy and material inputs patterns, flooding, shortages of water or other natural resources, climate related issues, including industry organizations, international that are associated with greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that variations in sea levels, storm patterns, and intensities as well as standard setters, and local stakeholders in countries where it has contribute to climate change. The aluminium Hydro produces is a temperature changes. significant operations, such as Norway, Brazil and the U.S., as well as strategically important input material to many technologies that enable with regional structures like the European Union. the transition to a net-zero GHG emissions economy, including the Our approach development of renewable energy. Strategy and transition plan Hydro has a significant contribution on climate change mitigation Aluminium is an enabler for the transition away from fossil fuels and through its production of renewable energy, low-carbon primary Hydro’s climate strategy and transition plan is an integral part of its other activities that generate greenhouse gases. Aluminium demand in aluminium, and recycled aluminium of post-consumer scrap. In overall business strategy. Hydro’s net-zero ambitions are based on a sectors such as renewable power production, transport and addition, Hydro aims to enable other sectors to decarbonize and successful transition to a 1.5-degree economy, and are in line with electrification are expected to grow as companies, states and society transform to a low-carbon economy by utilizing its industrial and climate science and the Paris agreement. Hydro’s climate strategy work to reach its commitments to reduce GHG emissions. Aluminium energy competence to develop batteries, green hydrogen, and other consists of three pillars to reduce the climate impact of its operations can save significant amounts of energy and GHG emissions in the use renewable energy sources such as wind and solar. and create business opportunities by enabling its customers and phase due to its lightweight properties, and building facades in society to do the same: aluminium can lead to lower operating costs and enable buildings to At the same time, the alumina refining and primary aluminium generate as much energy as they use during operation. production are fossil and electric energy intensive processes resulting • Net-zero Hydro: reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 30 in significant GHG emissions. The electrolysis process in primary percent by 2030 and become a net-zero Hydro by 2050 or earlier However, the production of aluminium must become emission free aluminium production generates process emissions which can have a across the entire value chain to reach the global reduction targets set potential negative impact on climate change. Hydro is also associated • Net-zero products: deliver net zero products to Hydro’s customers by the Paris climate agreement. To do so, Hydro must collectively with indirect Scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and • Net-zero society: use Hydro’s industrial and energy competence decarbonize energy systems, produce for circularity and recycle services, fuel and energy related activities, and upstream transport to contribute to the transition to a net-zero society resources already in use. and distribution. The climate strategy is integrated in the Corporate Management Climate change related risks can also impact the integrity of Hydro’s Hydro identifies and measures impacts on climate change by Board’s remuneration and followed up as a quarterly KPI on the CEO’s assets. There are transition risks that can result from an increased calculating and managing its GHG emissions from all its operations balanced scorecard. All significant investment decisions are assessed demand for low-carbon products and solutions, higher costs for and from material parts of its value chain. Hydro’s methodologies are for their impact on Hydro’s climate strategy according to Hydro’s greenhouse gas emissions and production inputs, as well as changes aligned with international standards including the Greenhouse Gas policies addressing climate change mitigation. Targets and ambitions Net-zero 30% 10% 30% Reduction upstream Scope 3 GHG emissions per Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2050 or earlier Reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030 Reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2025 tonne aluminium by 2030 Performance 9.35 0.61 1.54 11.95 Million tonnes Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by Tonnes Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions per tonne Tonnes Scope 1 GHG emissions per tonne Million tonnes upstream Scope 3 emissions by ownership equity (6.5% reduction from baseline1) alumina refined aluminium from the electrolysis process ownership equity (32% reduction from baseline1) 1) From an 2018 baseline and 2017 for Paragominas, Alunorte and Albras due to the production embargo at Alunorte and curtailment at Albras and Paragominas in 2018. © Hydro 2024 74 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices The new baseline composition of Hydro’s sources of greenhouse gas GHG emissions. Within primary aluminium production, Hydro is Net-zero Hydro emissions can be divided into four main categories: working on various methods to reduce direct emissions, while also Net-zero Hydro is the company’s ambition to reduce emissions from its targeting an increased use of post-consumer scrap, thereby reducing • Fossil fuel consumption at Alunorte alumina refinery, which total energy usage and metal waste. This is also key to meeting own operations and reach net-zero GHG emissions in 2050 or earlier. constitute around 35 percent of Hydro’s total emissions. Hydro has also established a roadmap to reduce its direct and indirect Hydro’s sustainability ambitions and delivering on Hydro’s strategic GHG emissions by 10 percent by 2025 and 30 percent by 2030, based • GHG emissions from generating the electricity we purchase, so- direction and financial planning. on a 2018 baseline1). called scope 2 emissions, which constitute around 35 percent. The technology roadmap is approved by the Corporate Management Changes in Hydro’s production portfolio might influence these targets, Board. Hydro has a technology board consisting of members from • Process emissions from the electrolysis process constitutes but the aim is still to reduce Hydro’s specific emissions, defined as Hydro’s Corporate Management Board. The technology board meets around 30 percent of Hydro’s total emissions and are the hardest emissions per metric tonne of aluminium produced. The 2018 baseline regularly to set direction and priorities in the technology area. to abate. emissions currently equal 10 million tonnes CO2 equivalents (CO2e), Business areas are responsible for their own technology development including direct emissions and indirect emissions from electricity • Natural gas used in Hydro’s casthouses, for recycling and and for the execution of their respective technology strategies. Hydro’s generation (Scope 1 and 2 emissions). The baseline emissions have remelting aluminium, extrusion processes and anode production, corporate technology office ensures a holistic and long-term approach been recalculated following the Alunorte and MRN transaction in 2023 constitute around 10 percent of Hydro’s total emissions. to Hydro’s technology strategy and agenda. with Glencore. Read more about this in the chapter Our Business. Hydro has taken part in the International Aluminium Institute’s (IAI) Through Hydro’s technology roadmap the company has set a transition plan for climate change mitigation and reaching net-zero work to develop greenhouse gas pathways toward 2050 consistent with the Paris Agreement. These pathways are in line with the International Energy Agency’s (IEA) 1.5-degree scenario, combined with IAI’s analysis of demand in the aluminium market and material flows. Hydro’s net-zero ambitions are based on a successful transition Technology roadmap towards net-zero emissions in 2050 to a 1.5-degree economy and are in line with climate science and the Paris agreement. Hydro’s ambitions are therefore science based. When the Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi) has developed a sectoral decarbonization approach (SDA) for the aluminium sector, Hydro will consider verifying our climate strategy against SBTi. IAI emission projection pathways toward 2050 Tonnes CO2e/t primary aluminium Despite a reduction in total exposure to GHG emissions (scope 1 and 2) by 47% from 2018 to 2030 after the Glencore transaction, Hydro maintains the 30% target by 2030. Hydro’s ambitions and ability to deliver low-carbon or near zero aluminium remain thus unchanged. The GHG baseline and progress towards our climate strategy has been recalculated based on Hydro’s current equity share of historical emissions from the portfolio. Source: International Aluminium Institute (IAI), Hydro analysis 1) 2017 for Paragominas, Alunorte and Albras due to the production embargo at Alunorte and curtailment at Albras and Paragominas in 2018. © Hydro 2024 75 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices Emission reduction activities percent energy savings compared to traditional lighting and save more than 100 GWh of electricity annually. In addition to reduced energy The majority of Hydro’s direct GHG emissions are associated with consumption, it will provide better light quality, which is important for alumina production, mainly energy and fossil fuel combustion for the both the working environment and safety. heat intensive calcination process and steam generation, and the electrolysis process for primary aluminium, which is harder to abate. In Hydro Extrusions, the sites are working on different initiatives and Hydro is working on several initiatives and actions to implement the actions to lower their GHG emissions associated with energy and transition plan and decarbonize the company’s process along its value electricity consumption. As an alternative to purchasing the standard chain. electricity mix from the grid, some plants have entered into power purchasing agreements (PPAs) with renewable power producers. The Hydro’s alumina refinery in Alunorte is among the most energy- sites are also working to improve energy efficiency through efficient refineries in the world. An ongoing effort to reach Hydro’s benchmarking, process improvements and investing in new reduction target is the fuel switch project in Alunorte which is about equipment. Many plants are also working with partners and switching fuel oil consumption used for calcination to liquid natural gas governments to evaluate the possibilities of installing their own on-site with lower GHG emissions. This will reduce emissions by 700,000 renewable power generation, such as solar panels and windmills. tCO2e when completed. Additionally, this project contributes to develop critical infrastructure that can benefit the entire region. Toward 2050, Hydro is exploring different paths for zero-carbon technology in aluminium production. Hydro is partnering with several By 2030, the aim is to fully decarbonize all processes at Alunorte, start-ups and academic environments to explore and develop CO2 except the calcination process. Hydro has installed one electrical capture technology for low-carbon concentrations, like direct air boiler for steam generation at Alunorte, and plan to install two more capture and the emissions from Hydro’s own primary production electrical boilers by the end of 2025. Electrification of the three boilers facilities. Hydro is looking into projects to replace fossil carbon in its has a potential to reduce emissions by 400,000 tonnes of CO2e. anodes with bio carbon, and while it appears challenging, Hydro is part Between 2025 and 2030, Hydro plans to install furthermore boilers. of two R&D programs supported by the Norwegian Research Council The fuel switch project and the el-boilers will together reduce GHG looking into this. In addition, Hydro is on track with its HalZero emissions at Alunorte by 70 percent by 2030. For detailed emission technology development project where the company explores a new data, see Note E1. process for production of primary aluminium with zero CO2 emissions. Hydro is also testing new technologies for decarbonization at existing A feasibility project has been supported by Gassnova and Hydro has aluminium plants. In 2021, Hydro teamed up with Verdox to test also submitted an application to ENOVA for the first pilot step of different carbon capture and storage technologies at the Sunndal HalZero. aluminium plant as an important part of Hydro’s roadmap to become a Hydro aims for utilizing opportunities of digitalization to improve net-zero company. process stability, productivity, cost and safety. Hydro’s main R&D In 2023, Hydro has also implemented actions to replace fossil energy centers are in Årdal (smelter technology) and Sunndal (alloys and in the casthouses and the anode production with biomethane at casting) in Norway, Barcarena in Brazil (bauxite and alumina), and Sunndal, which will cut emissions by 20,000 tonnes of CO2e each Finspång in Sweden and Troy, Michigan, in the U.S. (both Extrusions). year. Hydro also has a 75,000-tonne-per-year technology pilot at Karmøy in In addition, Hydro will be testing emission-free plasma technology at Norway, which shows stable and excellent performance, and produces Sunndal. This will enable electrification of the remelting process in the world’s most climate and energy efficient primary aluminium. casthouses, by using the same renewable energy that powers Hydro’s Hydro is now in the process of implementing technology elements primary smelters. from the Karmøy Technology Pilot in its existing primary aluminium smelters, improving performance and financial robustness. This Energy efficiency is also an important part of Hydro’s ongoing efforts includes the Husnes line B in Norway, which started production in to reduce costs and air emissions. During 2023, Hydro has 2020, and as a part of the regular maintenance and relining of Hydro’s implemented several actions to increase energy efficiency and reduce electrolysis cells in all smelters, presently at Sunndal. emissions at its five aluminium smelters in Norway, including replacing older lighting systems with LED lights in Hydro’s large electrolysis In terms of potential locked-in GHG emissions related to Hydro’s value halls. A system that regulates lighting based on needs and movement chain, this might be relevant where coal or other fossil fuel sources are will as well be implemented. These actions can provide up to 90 used in Hydro’s energy production. This can be relevant at Hydro’s © Hydro 2024 76 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices joint venture in Qatalum where electricity is provided by an integrated with a combined output of 13.7 TWh renewable electricity in a normal natural gas fired plant. The fuel switch project where Hydro replaces year. Adjusted for ownership shares, Hydro’s captive hydropower fuel oil with natural gas is an intermediate step towards full production is 9.4 TWh in a normal year. In addition, Hydro operates a decarbonization of Alunorte by 2040, and we do therefore not consider wind farm and purchase more than 9 TWh of renewable power this as a long-term lock-in effect on GHG emissions. annually in the Nordic market under long-term contracts. Power is a significant input in the aluminium industry and critical to In addition, Hydro’s new energy ventures, Hydro Rein, Hydro Havrand meet global climate targets. To reduce emissions, aluminium must be and Hydro Energy’s Batteries unit can play an important role in produced using cleaner energy solutions like renewable power enabling our net zero ambitions. See the Net-zero Society section for throughout the value chain. More than 70 percent of the electricity more information. used in Hydro’s production of primary aluminium is based on renewable power. While Hydro's refinery in Brazil is transitioning to more sustainable fuel sources to mitigate emissions in upstream operations, our primary aluminium production in Norway is powered by 100 percent renewable energy. In order to ensure continued supply of renewable power to Hydro’s operations in Norway, the company operates 40 hydropower plants Sustainable financing in Hydro Hydro’s sustainability position enables profitable growth and a cost of capital advantage. To access favourable financing, Hydro published a green and sustainability linked financing framework in 2022. This Framework was established to support the issuance of Green Financing Instruments in line with the EU taxonomy, as well as Sustainability-Linked Financial products. The financial products use, respectively, the EU Taxonomy and Hydro’s climate strategy as basis for the financial products, with KPIs linked to GHG emissions and recycling of post-consumer scrap. CICERO Shades of Green has provided a Second Party Opinion on the Framework and rated it Excellent on Governance and “medium green” overall. Per December 31, 2023, Hydro has not issued green financing instruments, but report taxonomy-aligned CapEx and other Taxonomy KPIs in the disclosures pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation 2020/852. Hydro established a Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) programme on November 7, 2022, approved by Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank of Ireland. The EMTN programme provides a framework for issuance of euro medium term notes up to an aggregate amount of EUR 5 billion. Hydro’s first NOK 3 billion sustainability-linked bonds under the new framework and EMNT programme were issued on November 30, 2022, with a potential redemption premium (a financial penalty) applicable if targets for reduced GHG emissions and increased recycling of post-consumer scrap are not met. This makes Hydro the first investment grade Norwegian company to issue sustainability-linked bonds. The transaction is split between two tranches, a 6 year NOK 1,500 million with a floating rate of 3m Nibor + 2.000% p.a., and a 6 year NOK 1,500 million with a fixed rate of 5.257% p.a. Hydro Alunorte signed a USD 200 million sustainability-linked loan in 2022. The seven-year loan facility is structured as a sustainability linked loan, swapped to fixed rate. The sustainability link was incorporated in the facility and interest rate swap, linking pricing to performance on the GHG emission reduction target to be achieved through the Alunorte fuel switch project. In 2019, Hydro signed a USD 1.6 billion revolving multicurrency credit facility with the margin linked to Hydro’s GHG emissions target. The margin under the facility will be adjusted based on Hydro’s progress to meet its annual targets to reduce GHG emissions by 10 percent by the end of 2025. In 2023, Hydro’s GHG emissions were 6.5 percent lower than the 2018 climate strategy baseline. Hydro is on track to reach the target of 10 percent emissions reductions by 2025. © Hydro 2024 77 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices Hydro’s existing smelters, the company aims to reduce emissions from technology. Capital expenditure is expected to be comparable to new Net-zero Products the electrolysis process. In addition, and as a supplement, Hydro is conventional smelter capacity. The HalZero process will be applicable Net-zero Products is Hydro’s ambition to deliver net-zero carbon exploring options for direct air capture (DAC) units at its smelters. For for greenfield aluminium plants or brownfield replacement of obsolete aluminium products and solutions to its customers, as well as some capture technologies, this has the advantage that process heat potlines, where the smelter infrastructure can be re-used. This way increasing circularity in the value chain. The demand for low-carbon can be recovered for use in the DAC unit, lowering power demand and Hydro can fully decarbonize the smelting process by eliminating aluminium products is increasing and is expected to continue growing. operational costs. emissions for both electrolysis and anode baking. Hydro’s HalZero Due to the aluminium value chain, Hydro can deliver net-zero products technology will be relevant for new production capacity and Hydro is In 2021, Hydro teamed up with Verdox to test different carbon capture on track to produce the first pilot volumes by the end of 2025. to its customers before Hydro as a company reach net-zero emissions. and storage technologies. Hydro has evaluated more than 50 CCS Hydro works closely with customers and partners early in the product technologies and developed a roadmap for testing and piloting the 3. Zero aluminium through scaling up volumes of post- cycle to develop products that save energy, reduce emissions and most promising up to industrial scale. The most likely outcome will be consumer scrap (PCS) enable them to reach their sustainability targets. a combination of off-gas capture and direct air capture to eliminate 100 percent of the emissions. Aluminium recycling requires 95 percent less energy than the Innovation and technology development are key enablers for reaching production of primary aluminium while still offering high-quality net-zero GHG emissions from Hydro’s operations in 2050, and the 2. HalZero chloride process – decarbonizing new smelter aluminium. Hydro is developing recycling technology and low-carbon ambition is to take the lead in delivering industrial scale zero-carbon capacity products based on post-consumer scrap, and plan to improve its aluminium by 2030. recycling capacity to sort and utilize more difficult PCS aluminium. HalZero is a new production process for primary aluminium that emits Hydro differentiates its product portfolio from its peers with using oxygen instead of carbon dioxide (CO2). In the HalZero process, Hydro has already produced Hydro CIRCAL which is a certified renewable electricity on about 70 percent of Hydro’s primary alumina is chlorinated and becomes aluminium chloride in a process recycled and low-carbon product of more than 75 percent post- aluminium production and providing two low-carbon aluminium brands that also produces carbon dioxide. Instead of releasing the CO2 to the consumer scrap. Hydro CIRCAL has a market leading CO2 footprint of through Hydro CIRCAL and Hydro REDUXA products. In addition to atmosphere, it is sent back into the process and reused in the 1.9 kg of CO2e/kg aluminium, down from previous being 2.3 kg of this, Hydro has initiated a significant R&D program to achieve net-zero chemical reaction in a closed loop. This makes the electrolysis CO2e/kg. This is done through advances in sourcing, sorting and operations and to assess options for zero-carbon processes process completely greenhouse gas emission free. traceability of post-consumer aluminium scrap. At Hydro’s recycling throughout the aluminium value chain. A great part of Hydro’s R&D plant in Clervaux in Luxembourg, the company has also produced 130 expenses and efforts to deliver net-zero products are concentrated The HalZero process differs significantly from the current production of tonnes of near-zero carbon aluminium with 100 percent post- along three strategic pathways: primary aluminium and is being developed for use in new production consumer aluminium scrap, Hydro CIRCAL 100R, with a carbon facilities. In late 2023, construction of an HalZero test facility was footprint below 0.5 kg CO2e per kg aluminium. 1. Carbon capture and storage (CCS) – decarbonizing approved, moving the project from lab-scale test phase to small-scale existing operations industrial testing. Hydro has developed a roadmap to bring this to a full Hydro will make key capacity investments over the medium term to To speed decarbonization of the aluminium industry and make Hydro’s industrial scale pilot before 2030. The results of the initial test phase ensure its recycling portfolio can facilitate the increasing demand for existing aluminium smelters fit for the future, Hydro is developing were promising, and the process design studies have shown that an Hydro CIRCAL and invest in technologies to increase usage of end- carbon capture and storage (CCS) solutions that can be retrofitted into industrial-scale HalZero plant will have about the same power consumer scrap while securing access to scrap. Hydro has also aluminium plants already in operation. Through capturing off-gases at consumption and operating expenditure as current electrolysis strengthened its recycling position by the acquisition of Alumetal in Emissions reduction pathway by Carbon Capture and Storage Emissions reduction pathway by HalZero Chloride process Emissions reduction pathway by Post-Consumer Scrap (PCS) Tonnes CO2e per tonne aluminium Tonnes CO2e per tonne aluminium Tonnes CO2e per tonne aluminium © Hydro 2024 78 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices Poland and purchasing land in Torija in Spain for building an equal to its metal origin, Hydro’s upstream scope 3 emissions are renewable energy. The two companies are currently partners in a aluminium recycling plant. In November 2023, Hydro also opened a significant when including externally sourced metal. Hydro aims to large-scale onshore wind farm which is under construction in the new aluminium recycling plant in Cassopolis in Michigan, which will source aluminium metal with a lower-carbon footprint and use less northeast of Brazil. Through Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), this produce 120,000 metric tonnes of recycled aluminium annually. carbon-intensive energy in its production. Hydro also aims to increase project will supply electricity to Hydro’s bauxite mine in Paragominas Please see the Resource use and circular economy chapter for more the use of post-consumer scrap in its metal production. and its alumina refinery in Alunorte in order to reach Hydro’s GHG information about recycling. reduction target. Hydro and Macquarie have also worked together on Hydro’s total scope 3 emissions in 2023 was 13.41 million tonnes of wind farm projects in Sweden in 2017 and 2018, contributing to the Hydro REDUXA is Hydro’s other brand of low-carbon aluminium using CO2e, split between upstream emissions of 11.95 million tonnes development of the Nordic market for long-term PPAs. renewable energy from water, wind and solar in the production phase. CO2e and downstream emissions of 1.46 million tonnes CO2e. This can reduce the carbon footprint per kg of aluminium to 4.0 Upstream emissions are dominated by metal purchase and Hydro Havrand kgCO2e per kilo aluminium, which is less than a quarter of the global downstream emissions are dominated by external processing of metal. average of 16.6. The production capacity for near-zero carbon Not all processes can be directly electrified and need other aluminium will be developed in line with market demand for this near In 2022, Hydro set emissions reduction targets for upstream scope 3 alternatives to fossil fuel. The high temperature processes in the zero-carbon aluminium. This is also reflected in the ambition to deliver emissions to reduce total upstream scope 3 emissions by 15 percent aluminium casthouses are an example of this. To address these Hydro REDUXA 2.0 with a carbon footprint of less than 2 tonnes of by 2030, and to reduce upstream scope 3 emissions per ton emissions, Hydro is working to develop green hydrogen, which is CO2e per mt of aluminium by 2030. Hydro CIRCAL and Hydro aluminium delivered to the market by 30 percent by 2030. Both targets hydrogen made from renewable energy as a fuel to replace natural REDUXA supports both margin and volume growth. Hydro earns refer to a 2018 baseline. Downstream scope 3 emissions were not gas. additional premiums or volume commitments on its low-carbon included in the targets as these emissions are outside of Hydro’s influence and control. The 2023 results shows that Hydro has reduced Hydro Energy has a hydrogen research and competence center, products, and many customers choose Hydro’s aluminium due to its Havrand, which is running a technology qualification of the fuel switch low-carbon footprint. its total upstream scope 3 emissions by 36 percent in 2023, compared to the 2018 baseline. Per tonne aluminium delivered to market, Hydro from natural gas to hydrogen in casthouses. In 2023, Hydro Havrand Greener sourcing and scope 3 emissions has already reduced its emissions by 32 percent. The reductions are produced the world’s first successful batch on industrial scale of mainly due to more conscious sourcing of aluminium metal, but also recycled aluminium using green hydrogen as an energy source. The Hydro is a large purchaser of raw materials and energy, including due to less sourcing of metal in general. Going forward, upstream test was carried out at a casthouse in Navarra in Spain and is a key aluminium and the metal required for alloys. The aluminium Hydro scope 3 emissions may increase, both in total and per tonne, due to step towards carbon-free aluminium. The next step in the technology purchases externally supplies its recyclers and extrusion plants, and higher activity and thus more external metal input. qualification is a pilot in Høyanger aiming for the first green hydrogen the greenhouse gas emissions associated with production of this raw production in the beginning of 2025. material makes up the majority of Hydro’s scope 3 emissions. Net-zero Society Batteries Scope 3 emissions refer to indirect emissions from purchased raw materials and services. It is divided between upstream scope 3 Net-zero Society is a part of Hydro’s strategic direction to use its The Batteries business unit in Hydro Energy aims to develop leading emissions and downstream scope 3 emissions. While upstream scope competence and capabilities to enable for a net-zero society. To move battery businesses through active investments in the battery value 3 emissions are under the influence of the company, downstream to a net-zero society the world needs more renewable electricity chain. Since the first investment in 2017, Hydro Batteries has engaged scope 3 emissions are generally outside of a company’s influence. generation, and mechanisms to store that energy. Hydro is investing in in selected companies, in the pursuit of developing more sustainable The GHG Protocol has defined a total of 15 categories for scope 3 growth initiatives and energy solutions, including more renewable battery materials with a significantly lower environmental footprint reporting. However, a materiality assessment by the International electricity generation and mechanisms to store that energy. compared to current commercially available alternatives. Aluminium Institute (IAI) has shown that only 5 categories are material Hydro Rein Batteries’ growth investments include Hydrovolt, a leading battery for scope 3 reporting in the aluminium industry: purchased goods and recycling company; Vianode, a low-carbon anode materials business; services, fuel and energy related activities, upstream transportation Hydro Rein is a leading provider of renewable energy solutions to E-magy, a next-generation anode materials start-up; and Lithium de and distribution, downstream transportation and distribution and industrials. Hydro Rein supports Hydro and other industrial companies France, a lithium producer. The portfolio holdings include the battery processing of sold products. to decarbonize through large renewables energy projects in addition to cell manufacturer Northvolt, and Corvus, which is a leader in marine onsite generation, energy efficiency, energy storage and flexibility energy storage solutions. The baseline emissions related to scope 3 have been recalculated management. Hydro Rein currently has a diversified portfolio of more following the Alunorte and MRN transaction in 2023 with Glencore. than 30 renewable energy projects under development in core markets To contribute to decarbonizing society, Hydro must also strengthen its Read more about the transaction in the chapter Our Business. This in the Nordics and Brazil, in addition to a significant pipeline of Energy ambitions regarding a just and fair transition towards carbon neutrality. resulted in significantly lower downstream scope 3 emissions from Solutions projects in Europe and North America. The company has an The chapter on Human rights and Affected communities describes Bauxite & Alumina from processing of sold products and transportation ambition of 3 GW in construction or operation (gross) by 2026. Hydro’s approach to a just transition. and distribution, due to reduced exposure to external sales of alumina. During Q3 2023, Hydro Rein and Macquarie Asset Management Hydro purchases a lot of metal and aluminium scrap from external became partners to further accelerate Hydro Rein's growth in providers. As Hydro regards the carbon footprint of process scrap as © Hydro 2024 79 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices lever to reduce scope 3 emissions for customers across several with others and where the majority of the projects are in development Addressing climate related risks and industry sectors. Hydro is well positioned to benefit from the transition phase. These assets will benefit from tighter policies on CO2 opportunities to net-zero GHG emissions and generates significantly lower GHG emissions. However, specific regulations might impact emissions than the industry average. The average carbon intensity of competitiveness and value of individual facilities. Climate related physical risks Hydro’s aluminium production is below the 2030 and 2035 targets in the 1.5 degree scenario that the International Aluminium Institute has Market risk Physical risks could result from climate related acute and/or chronic defined for the aluminium industry. changes in rainfall patterns, flooding, shortages of water or other Hydro will benefit from increased demand for low-carbon aluminium, natural resources, variations in sea levels, storm patterns and The carbon footprint of aluminium production is highly dependent on as its customers aim to decarbonize their value chains. The demand intensities as well as temperatures. Such risks could result in flooding the source of electricity used to produce the metal. Hydro’s footprint for low-carbon aluminium is expected to grow at a greater pace than of facilities, interruptions to production processes, infrastructure reflects the fact that the majority of its primary production facilities use the overall demand for aluminium. In parallel, demand for (low-carbon) failures and potential accidents. electricity from renewable sources. aluminium could strengthen further as aluminium substitutes steel, copper or other metals, in sectors such as production of renewable To understand and mitigate climate related physical risks for Hydro’s Technology risks energy and thermal technologies, transport, construction, and real operations, the company has performed several climate risk estate. assessments. In 2018, Hydro modelled future weather patterns and New technology must be developed and implemented for production of their impact on its facilities based on climate models and scenarios primary aluminium in a zero GHG emission economy. Hydro is In an opposite scenario, the demand for aluminium could decline if from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). In 2023, developing new, emission free, technology for use in future aluminium Hydro does not succeed with the decarbonization of its value chain in Hydro updated the physical climate risk assessment, including production facilities. To achieve near-zero emission production at line with its technology roadmap for net-zero GHG emissions by 2050. modelling the risk of climate related events in the current situation, in existing aluminium smelters and preserve their value, Hydro is If Hydro fails to develop and implement HalZero, or other electrolysis addition to RCP 4.5 and RCP 8.5 in a 2030, 2040 and 2050 scenario. assessing carbon capture solutions. For Hydro to retain the strategic technology while competing industries succeed in their benefit of lower-carbon emissions, developing technology that can be decarbonization efforts, this could result in decreased demand for Hydro is working to assess potential consequences and necessary fitted to existing production facilities at an affordable price is important. aluminium as steel or other metals substitute aluminium. Similar risks mitigating actions, and has started to integrate the findings from the In other parts of Hydro’s value chain, the company can achieve net- apply if Hydro does not succeed with carbon capture at existing assessment and identified risk into its risk management system to zero emissions with existing technologies, provided sufficient facilities, which could impact the value of its existing aluminium develop plans for climate change adaptation. Several of Hydro’s renewable energy is available at competitive prices in the regions. smelters. assets have already undertaken significant upgrades to manage climate related risks such as the effects of increased precipitation and Regulatory risk Internal carbon pricing associated flood risks. As the aluminium and alumina markets are global markets, relative A large amount of Hydro’s aluminium operations fall within scope of Climate related transition risks competition between countries and regions influence which production the EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS). Hydro purchases and sites that will be viable in the future. In general, Hydro will benefit from surrenders allowances (EUAs) to fulfil the company’s compliance Climate change adaptation and the transition to a 1.5-degree economy globally aligned initiatives placing a price on CO2 emissions and/or obligations under the EU ETS. Hydro also receives a proportion of free poses both opportunities and risks to Hydro. The company has regulatory or market-based incentives to use renewable energy. Hydro EUAs. The amount of EUAs that the company purchases, as well as assessed scenarios for technology risk, regulatory, policy, market and will also benefit from regulatory initiatives whereby emission free or the amount of free EUAs it receives, is publicly available information reputation risk consistent with a 1.5-degree scenario. The outcome of low emission energy is made available in sufficient quantities where which is made available at a national level by the respective local EU this is integrated to Hydro’s climate strategy, the advocacy work on Hydro’s existing production facilities are situated, at prices competitive ETS authorities. future climate related legislation, and the technology and market to energy cost in other regions of the world where competing strategies. As a result, Hydro’s long-term positioning, operational and production is or may be placed. Hydro uses the EU ETS carbon price in internal decision making financial planning reflect the company’s assessment of transition risks processes inside and outside of the EU/EEA, and the cost of carbon is in a 1.5-degree scenario. In the opposite scenario, Hydro will have a disadvantage if significant integrated in financial and operational decisions. By including a carbon carbon taxes are placed on emissions in countries or regions where price in Hydro’s analysis, costs related to CO2 emissions become a The transition may lead to stricter regulations and more ambitious Hydro’s production is placed, while similar regulation is not introduced variable operational cost at plant level and CO2 price expectations climate targets may drive costs within parts of Hydro’s asset base. The in competing regions. Situations with severe limitations in availability of influence future investment decisions. overall portfolio will likely benefit from such trends, as they will also GHG emission free electricity in areas where Hydro’s production affect demand for and valuation of Hydro’s low-carbon products and facilities are situated will be a disadvantage for the company’s Hydro's part-owned primary aluminium producer, Alouette, is also portfolio. Hydro is also a signatory to the Task Force on Climate- aluminium related assets. subject to carbon market compliance obligations (under the Québec Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) since 2017. cap-and-trade system which is part of the Western Climate Initiative Hydro’s energy producing assets are renewable only, with the majority (WCI)). Aluminium is widely acknowledged as an enabler for the green being hydropower in Norway. Hydro is also engaged in production of transition, and the low-carbon aluminium Hydro produces is a key power from solar and wind resources, currently mainly in partnership © Hydro 2024 80 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices E1 Notes on Climate change Greenhouse gas emissions per business segment - consolidated activities Million tonnes CO2e 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 E1.1 Total greenhouse gas emissions in consolidated activities Direct GHG emissions 6.79 7.15 7.63 6.94 6.52 Bauxite & Alumina 3.50 3.58 3.77 3.43 2.99 Reporting principles Primary aluminium production 2.70 2.95 3.20 2.89 2.85 Total direct and indirect (scope 1 and scope 2) GHG emissions in Hydro consolidated activities. The Remelters (in Metal Markets) 0.12 0.12 0.13 0.11 0.12 emissions are reported per segment and per country. GHG emissions have been calculated based on Extrusions1) 0.47 0.50 0.53 0.50 0.56 the principles of the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol according to the operational control principle. Indirect GHG emissions 1.16 1.23 1.81 1.40 1.53 Direct GHG emissions (scope 1) are calculated based on anode consumption during the electrolysis process and use of fossil fuels. PFC (perfluorocarbon) emissions are calculated based on automatic Electricity consumption (mainly primary 1.16 1.23 1.81 1.40 1.53 aluminium production) process measurements. PFC emissions comprise the two greenhouse gases CF4 and C2F6 which are formed during anode effect situations in the aluminium electrolytic cells. Anode effect is mainly a result Total GHG emissions 7.95 8.39 9.44 8.33 8.05 of production instability, e.g. in connection to power outages. The reported direct emissions are comparable to Scope 1 emissions as defined by the GHG protocol. All GHG emissions reported have 1) Includes GHG emissions from remelt activities in Extrusions been converted to CO2 equivalents (CO2e). Indirect GHG emissions (scope 2) are calculated based on Hydro’s consumption of electricity. Reported Hydro’s direct emissions decreased in 2023 compared to 2022. The emissions reductions in primary indirect emissions cover GHG emissions from purchased electricity and emissions from Hydro’s aluminium is primarily linked to the primary production stop at our Slovalco plant in 2022. The ownership share in the gas-fired power plant at Qatalum. The reported indirect emissions are implementation of electric boilers for steam generation at Alunorte and process improvements resulted in comparable to scope 2 emissions according to the GHG protocol. We report indirect emissions improvements to specific emissions (ie. emissions per tonne product produced) since 2021, while the according to the location-based method in the revised GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance, based on emissions in 2019-2020 were lower due to production embargo at Alunorte and curtailed production at emissions factors from the International Energy Agency (IEA). For our operations in Canada and the Albras and Paragominas. To learn more about the embargo imposed on Alunorte in 2018, see Hydro’s primary aluminum producer Albras in Brazil, indirect emissions reflect the regional grid mix. For Hydro’s Annual Report 2018 and the section “The Alunorte situation”. Annual Report 2023 we have updated the factors back to 2019, and historical figures have been updated accordingly. We do not to report indirect emissions according to the market-based approach. Greenhouse gas emissions per country - consolidated activities GRI reference: GRI Standards 305-1 (2016) and 305-2 (2016). Million tonnes CO2e 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Brazil 5.04 5.00 5.69 4.92 4.36 Direct 4.37 4.40 4.64 4.23 3.73 Indirect 0.67 0.61 1.05 0.69 0.63 Norway 1.94 2.19 2.16 1.97 2.01 Direct 1.78 2.02 2.05 1.84 1.82 Indirect 0.16 0.17 0.11 0.13 0.19 Other 0.96 1.19 1.60 1.45 1.68 Direct 0.63 0.74 0.94 0.87 0.97 Indirect 0.33 0.45 0.66 0.58 0.70 Total GHG emissions 7.95 8.39 9.44 8.33 8.05 © Hydro 2024 81 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices E1.2 Total greenhouse gas emissions based on ownership equity Greenhouse gas emissions per country - ownership equity Million tonnes CO2e 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Reporting principles Total direct and indirect (Scope 1 and Scope 2) GHG emissions in Hydro, based on ownership equity. Australia 0.78 0.77 0.82 0.85 0.89 The emissions are reported per segment, and by country. GHG emissions have been calculated based Direct 0.15 0.15 0.15 0.15 0.15 on the principles of the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol according to the equity share principle. From electricity consumption 0.63 0.63 0.67 0.71 0.74 Brazil 3.04 3.02 3.40 2.95 2.61 GHG emissions based on ownership equity are calculated based on our ownership share as per year Direct 2.67 2.68 2.82 2.58 2.26 end 2023. The reported emissions includes Hydro’s share of emissions from all operations including From electricity consumption 0.37 0.34 0.58 0.38 0.35 non-consolidated operations where Hydro has a minority interest. Canada 0.46 0.46 0.47 0.46 0.48 GRI reference: GRI Standards 305-1 (2016) and 305-2 (2016). Direct 0.25 0.26 0.26 0.25 0.25 From electricity consumption 0.20 0.20 0.21 0.21 0.22 Greenhouse gas emissions per segment - ownership equity Norway 1.94 2.19 2.16 1.97 2.01 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Direct 1.78 2.02 2.05 1.84 1.82 Million tonnes CO2e From electricity consumption 0.16 0.17 0.11 0.13 0.19 Direct GHG emissions 5.98 6.31 6.68 6.15 5.91 Qatar1) 2.21 2.25 2.29 2.28 2.37 Bauxite & Alumina 2.21 2.26 2.37 2.16 1.88 Direct 0.54 0.55 0.59 0.58 0.55 Primary aluminium production 3.19 3.43 3.65 3.38 3.36 From electricity consumption 1.67 1.70 1.70 1.70 1.82 Remelters (mostly Metal Markets) 0.12 0.12 0.13 0.11 0.12 Slovakia 0.02 0.15 0.35 0.31 0.37 Extruded solutions1) 0.47 0.50 0.53 0.50 0.56 Direct 0.01 0.08 0.17 0.15 0.17 From electricity consumption 0.00 0.07 0.18 0.16 0.20 Indirect GHG emissions 3.37 3.43 3.78 3.58 3.87 Other 0.90 0.90 0.98 0.91 1.05 Electricity consumption (mainly primary 3.37 3.43 3.78 3.58 3.87 Direct 0.58 0.58 0.65 0.61 0.70 aluminium production) From electricity consumption 0.33 0.32 0.33 0.29 0.35 Total GHG emissions 9.35 9.74 10.47 9.73 9.78 Total GHG emissions 9.35 9.74 10.47 9.73 9.78 1) Most electricity at Qatalum is generated by Qatalum's fully-owned gas power plant. 39.000 tonnes CO2e came from net purchased 1) Includes GHG emissions from remelt activities in Extrusions. electricity from the national grid in 2023. The baseline emissions have been recalculated following the Alunorte and MRN transaction in 2023 with Glencore. Read more about the transaction in the chapter Our Business. This resulted in significantly lower direct and indirect emissions from the Bauxite & Alumina business area. © Hydro 2024 82 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices customer to influence the right development. If Hydro were to regard process scrap as carbon neutral, E1.3 Indirect (scope 3) greenhouse gas emissions Hydro’s upstream Scope 3 emissions would be significantly lower. Reporting principles Hydro’s downstream Scope 3 emissions are dominated by processing of sold metal. As this processing happens outside of Hydro’s control, our ability to influence these emissions are limited. Nevertheless, Hydro’s indirect emissions based on ownership equity. reporting of these emissions contributes to give a holistic perspective on the total emissions of the value Indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions are reported for emissions related to purchased goods and services, chain of our sold products. fuel and energy related activities, upstream transportation and distribution, downstream transportation Hydro’s total reduction target on scope 3 emissions only includes upstream scope 3 emissions, as and distribution, and processing of sold products. The calculation and reporting of our Scope 3 downstream scope 3 emissions are beyond Hydro’s control. Hydro’s reduction target for upstream Scope emissions are based on the IAI Scope 3 Calculation Tool Guidance. 3 GHG emissions per tonne aluminium is calculated based on upstream scope 3 emissions from Hydro presented our Scope 3 emissions for the first time in 2021, with 2018 as a baseline. We do purchased metal in the aluminium metal and extrusions business areas. therefore not include Scope 3 emissions for 2020 and 2019. Alumetal and Hueck Lüdenscheid which were acquired during 2023 have not yet been included in the GRI reference: GRI Standards 305-3 (2016). calculations. Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions Million tonnes CO2e 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 E1.4 Direct greenhouse gas emissions by GHG type Upstream scope 3 emissions 11.95 13.30 14.88 19.64 Reporting principles Purchased goods and services 10.99 12.34 13.90 18.60 Fuel and energy related activities 0.70 0.69 0.70 0.73 Breakdown of reported direct GHG emissions in consolidated activities, by greenhouse gas type. Upstream transportation and distribution 0.26 0.27 0.28 0.31 Direct GHG emissions per GHG type - consolidated activities Downstream scope 3 emissions 1.46 1.45 1.45 1.46 Million tonnes CO2e 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Downstream transportation and distribution 0.06 0.06 0.06 0.06 Processing of sold products 1.40 1.40 1.40 1.40 CO2 6.67 7.00 7.36 6.73 6.29 PFC (perfluorocarbon) 0.12 0.15 0.27 0.20 0.24 Total GHG emissions 13.41 14.75 16.33 21.10 Other 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Total 6.79 7.15 7.63 6.94 6.52 The baseline emissions related to Scope 3 have been recalculated following the Alunorte and MRN transaction in 2023 with Glencore. Read more about the transaction in the chapter Our Business. This resulted in significantly lower downstream Scope 3 emissions from processing of sold products and transportation and distribution due to reduced exposure to external sales of alumina. Some historical numbers have also been updated due to improved data models and better granularity of data. The reduction in upstream scope 3 emissions is mainly due to more conscious sourcing of aluminium metal, as well as less sourcing of metal in general and lower production of primary aluminium. Hydro’s upstream Scope 3 emissions are dominated by emissions from cold metal and aluminium scrap provided from external suppliers. Hydro regards the carbon footprint of process scrap as equal to its metal origin, Hydro’s Scope 3 upstream emissions are significant when including externally sourced metal. Industry players who do not take the inherent carbon footprint of process scrap input into account will report significantly lower Scope 3 emissions. Hydro believes that this method of accounting is inaccurate, as it accounts for process scrap being carbon neutral, when in reality the process scrap has the same inherent carbon footprint as its metal origin. Hydro believes that we need to focus on what drives real change towards the green transition and we need to exercise our role as a responsible supplier and © Hydro 2024 83 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices E1.5 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity E1.6 Energy consumption Reporting principles Reporting principles GHG intensity of our alumina refining at the Alunorte alumina refinery and GHG intensity of the Total energy consumption in Hydro’s consolidated activities, reported by energy carrier, sector use and electrolysis process from Hydro’s smelters, based on ownership equity, which are operational country of consumption. performance indicators in Hydro. We also report GHG intensity based on net revenue, which is an ESRS requirement, but not an operational target as this value varies based on market prices. Energy consumption includes energy generated by Hydro operations as well as purchased energy. Energy consumption includes energy losses in hydroelectric plants. Other energy sources reported GHG intensity of alumina refining is calculated based on the total GHG emissions and production includes heating, cooling and steam generated in Hydro operations as well as purchased steam and volumes at our Alunorte alumina refinery. The reported GHG intensity covers all alumina refining in heat in the Extrusions business area. Hydro. GRI Reference: GRI Standards 302-1 (2016). GHG intensity of the electrolysis process is calculated based on greenhouse gas emissions and production volumes in Hydro’s smelters, based on ownership equity. This is an operational target that Energy consumption per energy carrier - consolidated activities 1) excludes extraordinary emissions resulting from e.g. start-up of curtailed capacity. The methodology for Petajoule (PJ) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 calculation is site specific, and historical figures may be subject to change. GHG intensity based on net revenue is calculated based on total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, Coal 11.4 13.4 13.1 14.0 13.4 divided by total revenue as reported in the consolidated income statement. Coke 13.8 15.0 16.1 15.9 15.4 Electricity 93.1 99.2 102.2 97.9 95.7 GRI Reference: GRI Standards 305-4 (2016). Gasoline 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 Natural gas 12.0 12.1 12.9 12.1 13.4 GHG intensity - Alumina refining at Alunorte alumina refinery Natural gas liquids 0.9 0.9 0.9 2.0 1.4 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Oil 27.4 26.1 28.9 23.7 19.1 Other 6.1 5.8 5.9 5.0 4.6 metric ton (mt) CO2e per mt alumina 0.61 0.62 0.63 0.65 0.71 Total energy consumption in PJ 164.6 172.4 180.1 170.6 162.9 Total energy consumption in TWh 45.7 47.9 50.0 47.4 45.3 The implementation of electric boilers for steam generation at Alunorte and process improvements have resulted in an improvement in emissions per tonne alumina refined compared to previous years. 1) With the sale of Hydro Rolling in 2021, we have excluded historical figures on energy consumption associated with the business area. GHG Intensity - Electrolysis, based on ownership equity 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Energy consumption per sector - consolidated activities 1) Petajoule (PJ) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 metric ton (mt) CO2e per mt aluminium 1.54 1.57 1.64 1.59 1.60 Bauxite & Alumina 47.6 47.2 47.1 41.6 35.7 For the GHG intensity per tonne aluminium from the electrolysis process, Slovalco was excluded in 2022 Electrolysis/Carbon/Casting 100.6 108.6 115.6 113.0 109.6 due to production curtailment, and Albras excluded from 2019 due to extraordinary emissions during the Remelters 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.4 2.4 start-up of curtailed capacity. Extruded Solutions 12.7 13.8 14.4 13.4 15.0 GHG Intensity - consolidated emissions per revenue Other 1.2 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.2 mt/NOK million 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Grand Total 164.6 172.4 180.1 170.6 162.9 metric ton (mt) CO2e per NOK million 41.1 40.3 63.1 60.3 53.8 1) With the sale of Hydro Rolling in 2021, we have excluded historical figures on energy consumption associated with the business area. GHG intensity based on net revenue is an ESRS reporting requirement but not an operational target for All fully-owned smelters, 6 remelters and 19 Extrusion sites are also certified according to the ISO 50001 Hydro, as the value will vary depending on market prices. The value is calculated based on total GHG Energy Management systems, representing 62 percent of Hydro's total electricity consumption. emissions and net revenue from consolidated activities. See Note 1.4 to the consolidated financial statement for information on revenues by segment. © Hydro 2024 84 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices Energy consumption per country - consolidated activities Petajoule (PJ) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 E1.8 Energy intensity Reporting principles Brazil 81.4 79.0 79.9 71.9 61.7 Norway 66.4 72.1 71.7 72.5 71.5 Energy intensity of the alumina refining at Alunorte is calculated based on total energy consumption at Slovakia 1.2 5.6 12.0 11.1 12.8 Alunorte divided by total alumina production. Other 15.6 15.8 16.5 15.2 16.8 Energy intensity in Hydro’s consolidated smelters is calculated based on direct current consumption in Total energy consumption 164.6 172.4 180.1 170.6 162.9 the electrolysis process per kg aluminium. The reduction in total energy consumption in 2023 is due to lower energy consumption at the Norwegian Energy intensity based on net revenue is calculated based on total energy consumption in Hydro’s smelters, in addition to the stop in primary aluminium production at Slovalco, in Slovakia. consolidated activities, divided by total revenue as reported in Hydro’s consolidated income statement. GRI Reference: GRI Standards 302-3 (2016). E1.7 Renewable energy consumption Energy intensity - Alumina refining 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Reporting principles GJ per mt alumina 7.97 7.97 7.56 7.67 8.20 Renewable energy consumption is estimated based on total energy consumption by energy carrier and data on country specific energy mix in the electricity grid from the International Energy Agency (IEA). Electricity derived from biofuels, waste, hydro, geothermal, solar, wind and tide are considered Energy intensity - Electrolysis process renewable. 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 GRI Reference: GRI Standards 302-1 (b) (2016). MWh per mt aluminium 14.03 13.88 14.00 14.07 14.15 Renewable energy as a share of total energy consumption in Hydro’s consolidated activities is estimated to 41.4 percent in 2023, compared to 40.7 percent in 2022. Total energy consumption in consolidated activities per revenue MWh/NOK million 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 MWh per NOK million 236.03 230.37 334.10 343.18 302.47 Energy intensity based on net revenue is an ESRS reporting requirement but not an operational target for Hydro, as the value will vary depending on market prices. The value is calculated based on total energy consumption and net revenue from consolidated activities, since the Hydro group is classified as operation in a high climate impact sector, even if significant portion of total revenues are associated with activities in non-high climate impact sectors, such as renewable energy. See Note 1.4 to the consolidated financial statement for information on revenues by segment. © Hydro 2024 85 Content Climate change 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices E1.9 GHG emissions and energy use in 50/50 joint venture Qatalum Reporting principles Direct GHG emissions (scope 1) is reported on 100 basis, including emissions from Qatalum’s on-site natural gas use for electricity generation. Indirect GHG emissions (scope 2) is reported on 100 basis and calculated based on electricity use from the grid and IEA emission factors for the Qatari grid mix. Power consumption for liquid metal production is calculated based on total liquid metal production at Qatalum in 2023 and the average power consumption per kg of liquid metal produced. Total power consumption is calculated based on total consumption of electricity, gasoil and natural gas. GHG emissions and energy use in 50/50 joint venture Qatalum 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1), million 4.63 4.62 4.74 4.75 4.80 metric tonnes of CO2e Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2), million 0.03 0.08 0.01 0.01 0.15 metric tonnes of CO2e Power consumption for liquid metal 8.73 9.64 9.38 9.50 9.33 production, TWh 1) Total energy consumption, TWh 25.53 24.23 24.07 23.93 24.68 1) 2023 numbers are not direcly comparable to previous years due to change in reporting methodology. © Hydro 2024 86 Content Pollution 1. Introduction 2. Business 3. Performance 4. Governance 5. Sustainability 6. Financials 7. Appendices Pollution captured by these seawater scrubbers. See Note E2.1 for an Targets and actions to reduce pollution risk Why it matters overview of emissions to air and water. Hydro has established a target to halve material non-GHG emissions Hydro’s industrial processes carry an inherent risk of pollution, linked Hydro’s Global Procedure on Environmental Management requires (i.e. SO2, NOx and PM) by 2030, from
