. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market price of our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market price of our common stock. RISK FACTORS Summary The following is a summary of material risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market price of our common stock. OPERATIONAL RISKS We may not be able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments, or business opportunities. Our distribution, transmission and generation activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including potential public safety risks. We currently conduct and may conduct in the future certain operations through a JV arrangement involving third-party investors that may result in operational impasses or litigation, including business delays as a result of such arrangements. Failure to adapt to advances in technology, including alternative energy sources, and changes in laws or regulations to support such advances in technology or alternative energy sources, and our inability to manage such related costs could make us less competitive. Increased dependency on technology may hinder our business operations and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation if such technology fails. Aging infrastructure may lead to disruptions in operations and increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs. We may be unable to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or at all, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may not provide protection against all significant losses. Aspects of the implementation of our electric generation strategy, including the timing of the retirement of our coal generation units or the addition of new generation resources, may be delayed and may not achieve intended results. Our capital projects and programs subject us to construction and supply risks, and are subject to governmental oversight and approvals. Fluctuations in weather, gas and electricity commodity costs, and economic conditions may impact customer demand. Fluctuations in the price of energy commodities or their related transportation costs, or an inability to obtain an adequate, reliable and cost- effective fuel supply may impact our ability to meet customer demand. Failure to attract, retain or re-skill an appropriately qualified workforce, and maintain good labor relations, could adversely impact safety, service reliability, and customer satisfaction. Failure to effectively manage new initiatives and organizational changes. Actions of activist stockholders could negatively affect our business and stock price and cause us to incur significant expenses. We outsource certain business functions to third-party suppliers and service providers, and may be impacted by substandard performance or quality by third parties. The impacts of a cyber-attack or security breach on any of our or certain third-party technology systems, including operational disruptions and the loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information and related liability. Failure to comply with cybersecurity laws and regulations and the resulting impact on our reputation and business. The impacts of natural disasters, acts of terrorism, acts of war, civil unrest, accidents, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events including operational disruptions. We are exposed to significant reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to a loss of cost recovery, increased litigation and negative public perception. The physical impacts of climate change and the transition to a lower carbon future are impacting our business and could materially adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities associated with the implementation and efforts to achieve our carbon emission reduction goal. 18 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS FINANCIAL, ECONOMIC AND MARKET RISKS We have substantial indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial condition. A drop in our credit ratings could adversely impact our cash flows, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity. Adverse economic and market conditions, including increases in inflation or interest rates, recession or changes in investor sentiment could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity. Most of our revenues are subject to regulation and are exposed to the impact of regulatory rate reviews and proceedings. The actions of regulators and legislators could result in outcomes that may adversely affect our earnings and liquidity. Our business operations are subject to economic conditions in certain industries. We are exposed to payment risk with respect to customers and risk that suppliers or counterparties will not perform their contractual obligations. We are a holding company and are dependent on cash generated by our subsidiaries to meet our debt obligations and pay dividends on our stock. Capital market performance and other factors may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding and impact earnings. Any future impairments of goodwill resulting in a significant charge to earnings in a future period and negatively impacting our compliance with certain contractual covenants. LITIGATION, REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE RISKS The outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation related to our business operations may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. A failure to comply with changes in, or new or different interpretations of, the various federal, state and local laws, regulations, tariffs and policies applicable on our business. Our businesses are regulated under numerous environmental laws and regulations. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations, and changes to or additions to, or reinterpretations of the laws and regulations, could be significant, and the cost of compliance may not be recoverable. Liability from the failure to comply with existing or changed laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof and challenges to tax positions could adversely affect our financial results. DATA CENTER OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY RISKS Data center growth in our service territories, including a focus on northern Indiana, while providing growth opportunities that enhance our business strategy, provide significant financial, operational, and regulatory risks that must be effectively managed. Our construction of the Contract Assets and any generation or transmission assets we develop to support future data center contracts involves significant risks. Construction delays, cost overruns or performance issues with the Contract Assets could reduce our returns under the ADS Contract or other future data center contracts and could require us to obtain additional financing. The terms and availability of the significant additional financing required to construct the Contract Assets and any generation or transmission assets we develop to support future data center contracts. Pursuit of our partnership with ADS creates significant opportunity costs and reduces our strategic and financial flexibility in the near term. The return structure and risk profile of ADS Contract and any future data center contract will differ from those of NIPSCO s traditionally regulated utility operations. Our partnership with ADS exposes us to significant customer concentration risk. 19 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS OPERATIONAL RISKS We may not be able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments, or business opportunities. Operational, financial or regulatory conditions may result in our inability to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including investments related to natural gas and electric distribution and transmission infrastructure investments and our electric generation projects. Our enterprise-wide transformation roadmap initiatives identify and enable long-term sustainable capability enhancements, cost optimization improvements, technology investments and work process optimization. These initiatives have increased the volume and pace of change within our organization and may not be effective or achieve planned results. These initiatives may also divert the attention of management from other aspects of our business. Utility infrastructure investments may not materialize, may cease to be achievable or economically viable and may not be successfully completed. Natural gas may cease to be viewed as an economically and environmentally attractive fuel. Certain environmental activist groups, investors and governmental entities continue to oppose natural gas delivery and infrastructure investments because of perceived environmental impacts associated with the natural gas supply chain and end use. Energy conservation, energy efficiency, distributed generation, energy storage, policies favoring electric heat over gas heat and other factors may reduce demand for natural gas and electricity. In addition, we consider acquisitions or dispositions of assets or businesses, JVs, and mergers from time to time as we execute on our business plan and growth strategy. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects. Even if our business plan, growth strategy, and/or business opportunities are executed, there is still risk of, among other things, human error in maintenance, installation or operations, shortages or delays in obtaining equipment, including as a result of transportation delays and availability, labor availability and performance below expected levels (in addition to the other risks discussed in this section). We may experience supply chain challenges, including labor availability issues, impacting our ability to obtain materials for our gas and electric projects, as well as our ability to ensure timely completion. Additionally, operational, financial or regulatory conditions or other factors may result in our inability to effectively develop and implement our strategy with respect to the complex business opportunities associated with growing interest in data centers from existing and potential customers. See Data Center Operations and Strategy Risks for a discussion of certain such risks. Our distribution, transmission and generation activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including potential public safety risks. Our gas distribution and transmission activities and our electric generation, transmission and distribution activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including, but not limited to, gas leaks and over-pressurization, downed power lines, stray electrical voltage, excavation or vehicular damage to our infrastructure, outages, environmental contamination, mechanical problems, damage from weather events, and other incidents, which could cause substantial financial losses. These hazards and risks have resulted and may result in serious injury or loss of life to employees and/or the general public, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations, adverse regulatory rulings and reputational harm, which in turn could lead to substantial business and financial losses. The location of pipeline facilities, including regulator stations, liquefied natural gas and underground storage, or generation, transmission, substation and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from such incidents. Hazardous incidents have subjected and may subject us to both civil and criminal litigation or administrative or other legal proceedings from time to time, which could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties against us, be resolved on unfavorable terms, and require us to incur significant operational expenses. The occurrence of incidents has in certain instances adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect our reputation, cash flows, financial position and/or results of operations. We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. We currently conduct and may conduct in the future certain operations through a JV arrangement involving third- party investors that may result in operational impasses or litigation, including business delays as a result of such arrangements. We have and may enter into JV arrangements involving third-party investors, including the NIPSCO Minority Interest Transaction and the GenCo Minority Interest Transaction . As part of a JV arrangement, third-party investors may hold certain protective rights that may impact our ability to make certain decisions, restricting our operational and corporate flexibility. The NIPSCO Holdings II LLC Agreement and Generation Holdings II LLC Agreement contain certain such provisions. Any such third-party investors may have interests and objectives which may differ from ours, we may be unable to cause these third 20 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS parties to take action that we believe would be in the JV s best interest, and, accordingly, disputes may arise that may result in operational impasses or litigation, including business delays. Failure to adapt to advances in technology, including alternative energy sources, and changes in laws or regulations to support such advances in technology or alternative energy sources, and our inability to manage such related costs could make us less competitive. A key element of our electric business model includes generating power at central station power plants and transmitting that power to customers to achieve economies of scale and produce power at a competitive cost. We continue to transition our generation portfolio in order to implement new and diverse technologies including renewable energy, distributed generation, and energy storage. Advances in technology and potential competition supported by changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of electric generation and provide retail alternatives causing power sales to decline and the value of our generating, transmission and distribution facilities to decline, including our ability to recover our prior investments in such facilities. Our natural gas business model depends on widespread utilization of natural gas for space heating as a core driver of revenues. Alternative energy sources, new technologies or alternatives to natural gas space heating, including cold climate heat pumps and/or efficiency of other products, and potential competition supported by changes in laws or regulations, including potential natural gas bans or restrictions, such as the Department of Energy's furnace rule banning non-condensing gas furnaces, could reduce demand and increase customer attrition, which could impact our ability to recover on our investments in our gas distribution assets. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demand and expectations and evolving industry standards, including environmental impacts associated with our products and services, and to recover all, or a significant portion of, remaining investments in retired assets. A failure by us to effectively adapt to changes in technology, successfully implement such changes, and manage the related costs could harm the ability of our products and services to remain competitive in the marketplace and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, if these changes do not provide the anticipated benefits or meet customer demand and expectations, such failure could materially adversely affect our business model as well as impact our results of operations and financial condition. Increased dependency on technology may hinder our business operations and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation if such technology fails. We use a variety of technological tools and systems including both Company-owned information technology and technological services provided by outside parties. These tools and systems support critical functions including scheduling and dispatching of service technicians, automated meter reading systems, customer care and billing, operational plant logistics, management reporting and external financial reporting. The failure of these or other similarly important technologies, or our inability to have these technologies supported, updated, expanded, recovered (including timely recovered), or integrated into other technologies, could hinder our business operations and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Although we have, when possible, developed alternative sources of technology and built redundancy and security into our computer operations, there can be no assurance that these efforts will protect against all potential issues related to the loss or failure of any such technologies. Aging infrastructure may lead to disruptions in operations and increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs . We face risks associated with aging electric and gas infrastructure. These risks can be driven by threats such as, but not limited to, electrical faults, mechanical failure, internal corrosion, external corrosion, ground movement and stress corrosion and/or cracking. The age of these assets may result in a need for replacement, a higher level of maintenance costs or unscheduled outages, despite efforts by us to properly maintain or upgrade these assets through inspection, scheduled maintenance and capital investment. In addition, the nature of the information available on aging infrastructure assets, which in some cases is incomplete, may make the operation of the infrastructure, inspections, maintenance, upgrading and replacement of the assets particularly challenging. Missing or incorrect infrastructure data may lead to (i) difficulty properly locating facilities, which can result in excavator damage and operational or emergency response issues, (ii) configuration and control risks associated with the modification of system operating pressures in connection with turning off or turning on service to customers, which can result in unintended outages or operating pressures and (iii) other potential risks related to missing or incorrect infrastructure data. Also, additional maintenance and inspections are required in some instances to improve infrastructure information and records and address emerging regulatory or risk management requirements, resulting in increased costs. 21 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Supply chain issues related to shortages of materials, labor and transportation logistics may lead to delays in the maintenance and replacement of aging or damaged infrastructure, which could increase the probability and/or impact of a public safety incident. We lack diversity in suppliers of some gas materials. While we have implemented contractual protections with suppliers and stockpile certain materials in inventory, these efforts may not be effective in ensuring that we can obtain adequate emergency supply on a timely basis in each state, that no compromises are being made on quality and that we have alternate suppliers available. The failure to operate our assets as desired could result in interruption of service, major component failure at generating facilities and electric substations, gas leaks and other incidents, and an inability to meet firm service and compliance obligations, which could adversely impact revenues, and could also result in increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs, which, if not fully recovered from customers, could negatively impact our financial results. We may be unable to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or at all, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may not provide protection against all significant losses. Our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, is impacted by various events and developments affecting our industry and the financial condition and underwriting considerations of insurers. For example, some insurers have discontinued underwriting certain carbon-intensive energy-related businesses such as those in the coal industry or excluded coverage for specific perils such as wildfires, environmental exposures or punitive damage risks. Certain perils, such as cyber liability, are now being excluded from some master policies for property and casualty insurance, requiring, where we have the ability, procurement of additional policies to maintain consistent coverage at an additional cost. Specific natural catastrophe events, such as hail and tornado, may not be covered with the same limits as other perils in certain property policies, as full coverage for these events is unavailable in the marketplace. Insurance coverage may not continue to be available at limits, rates or terms acceptable to us, and we may elect not to carry coverage at the same levels as have been historically procured. In addition, our insurance is not sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we are subject. Certain types of damages, expenses or claimed costs, such as fines and penalties, have been and in the future may be excluded under the policies. In addition, insurers providing insurance to us may raise defenses to coverage under the terms and conditions of the respective insurance policies that could result in a denial of coverage or limit the amount of insurance proceeds available to us. Any losses for which we are not fully insured or that are not covered by insurance at all could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Aspects of the implementation of our electric generation strategy, including the timing of the retirement of our coal generation units or the addition of new generation resources, may be delayed and may not achieve intended results. We intend to retire the remaining two coal units at R.M. Schahfer Generating Station, two natural gas-fired peaking units at R.M. Schahfer Generating Station, and the coal unit at Michigan City Generating Station. Absent a directive to remain open, we intend to retire the two natural-gas fired peaking units at R.M Schahfer Generating Station by the end of 2027 and the coal unit at Michigan City Generating Station by the end of 2028. Although we had previously intended to retire them by the end of 2025, the two coal units at R.M. Schahfer Generating Station are currently subject to a federal directive to remain open. These units are being replaced with a diverse, flexible, and scalable mix of incremental resources, including short-term contracted capacity resources, expanded demand side management programs, wind, solar, battery energy storage, and new natural gas peaking resources. Project delays or potential changes with MISO's capacity accreditation of these replacement resources, may also drive us to evaluate additional alternatives to meet our capacity requirements. Macro supply chain issues and U.S. federal policy actions, such as additional federal directives preventing the retirement of these or other assets and the duration of such directives, could create uncertainty around the timing and availability of key input materials necessary to develop and place our electric generation projects in service. We expect renewable generation, battery energy storage and natural gas generation to be the primary ways in which we will meet our electric generation capacity and reliability obligations to the MISO market and reliably serve our customers when we retire our coal generation capacity. Any delays in the completion of such projects could create significant risks for us to reliably meet our capacity and energy obligations to MISO and to provide reliable and affordable energy to our customers. Delays to the completion dates of our projects could also include delays in the financial return of certain investments and impact the overall timing of our electric generation transition. An inability to secure and deliver on electric generation projects has negatively impacted, and could in the future negatively impact, our generation transition timeline and could negatively impact our achievement of decarbonization goals and reputation. Our electric generation strategy may require additional investment to meet our MISO obligations and may require significant future capital expenditures, operating costs and charges to earnings that may negatively impact our financial position, financial results and cash flows. In recent years, MISO has implemented new capacity accreditation rules and continues to put forth new plans and proposals relating to its accreditation requirements. Recent MISO accreditation changes have affected generation 22 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS resources, with solar, wind, and battery storage being more significantly impacted than natural gas. It is possible that, under future MISO rules, the capacity accreditation for the capacity resources we construct (potentially including the significant capacity resources we plan to construct to serve ADS and any additional data center customers) will be eliminated or reduced, in which case we would need to replace or supplement the accredited generation capacity we plan to build. We expect that we would need to obtain significant additional debt and equity financing to fund these investments, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Although under the terms of the ADS Contract the costs of additional investment in generation resources in response to loss of MISO accreditation would be shared by us and ADS, such investment would be funded initially by us, and our recovery from ADS would occur over an extended period of time. In addition, there can be no guarantee that future data center contracts will contain adequate protections in this regard, or that any such contractual protections would be effective. If we are required to construct additional generation as a result of MISO accreditation changes (and obtain related financing), this could negatively impact our return under the ADS Contract or other data center contracts or otherwise adversely affect our future results and financial condition. Our capital projects and programs subject us to construction and supply risks, and are subject to regulatory oversight, including requirements for permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. Our business requires substantial capital expenditures for investments in, among other things, capital improvements to our electric generating facilities, electric and natural gas transmission and distribution infrastructure, natural gas storage and other projects, including projects for environmental compliance. In particular, in addition to the capital projects we plan to undertake to support our base business, in connection with the ADS Contract, we expect to construct, through GenCo, 400 MW of new battery storage and a new power generation facility consisting of two 1,300 MW CCGTs, which are expected to reach commercial operation between 2028 and 2032, as well as related transmission and distribution assets. In addition, in order to perform under any further data center contracts, we expect that we will need to develop additional generation and transmission assets, which may be significant. As we undertake these projects, we may be unable to complete them on schedule or at the anticipated costs. Our ability to construct the currently contemplated generation and transmission assets, and any future generation, transmission or distribution assets in a timely manner and within budget is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. These variables include, but are not limited to, the ability of key suppliers, general contractors and subcontractors to timely satisfy their obligations under existing or future contracts and in compliance with the terms of such contracts, including the EPC Contracts and equipment supply contracts we have already entered into; the impact of new tariffs, if any, inflation and other trade or economic factors that may impact the cost of supplies and services; any other changes in the availability or costs of materials, equipment or commodities; changes in law or regulation, including environmental compliance requirements; the availability of and ability of our contractors to hire and retain qualified labor and the cost of such labor; delays caused by construction incidents or injuries, work stoppages, poor initial cost estimates and unforeseen engineering issues; the impact of public health emergencies or natural disasters or other severe weather events; capital market conditions, including the availability of credit and our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms; charges allocated to us by MISO with respect to these assets; the impact of public involvement, intervention or litigation; and our ability to obtain any necessary land rights, easements and/or zoning approvals in a timely manner, or at all. We are monitoring risks related to increasing delivery lead times for certain construction and other materials, increasing risk associated with the unavailability of materials due to global shortages in raw materials and issues with transportation logistics, and risk of decreased construction labor productivity in the event of disruptions in the availability of materials critical to our gas and electric operations. Our efforts to enhance our resiliency to supply chain shortages may not be effective. We continue to see increasing prices and limited availability associated with certain materials, equipment and products, which may impact our ability to complete major capital projects at the cost and timing that was planned and approved. To the extent that delays occur, costs increase, costs become unrecoverable or recovery is delayed, or we otherwise become unable to effectively manage our costs and timely complete our capital projects, if at all, our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, to the extent that delays occur on projects that target system integrity, the risk of an operational incident could increase. Our existing and planned capital projects require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from federal, state, and local governmental agencies, including obtaining necessary rights-of-way, easements and transmissions connections, as well as complying with various environmental statutes, rules and regulations, among other items. If there is a delay in obtaining any required regulatory approvals or if we fail to obtain or maintain any required approvals or to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, including as a result of public opposition to our existing or planned capital projects or due to new or increased federal, state or local requirements, we may not be able to construct or operate our facilities, we may be forced to incur 23 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS additional costs, we may be forced to alter our capital project plans resulting in increased costs and/or delays or we may be unable to recover any or all amounts invested in a project. We also may not receive the anticipated increases in revenue and cash flows resulting from such projects and programs until after their completion. In addition, we are subject to the risk that we may construct or purchase certain projects to capture anticipated future growth (including in connection with potential data center customers), which may not materialize, and may cause the construction to occur over an extended period of time, in which case we may be unable to recover any or all amounts invested in such a project, or receive the anticipated increases in revenue and cash flows resulting from such projects until much later than expected, if at all. A significant portion of the gas and electricity we sell is used by residential and commercial customers for heating and air conditioning. Accordingly, fluctuations in weather, gas and electricity commodity costs, and economic conditions impact customer demand. Energy sales are sensitive to variations in weather. Forecasts of energy sales are based on normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. Significant variations from normal weather resulting from climate change or other factors could have, and have had, a material impact on energy sales. Additionally, residential usage, and to some degree commercial usage, is sensitive to fluctuations in commodity costs for gas and electricity (which volatility is described in more detail in the below risk factor), whereby usage declines with increased costs which could affect our financial results. Rising gas costs could heighten regulator and stakeholder sensitivity relative to the impact of base rate increases on customer affordability. Lastly, residential and commercial customers usage is sensitive to economic conditions and factors such as recession, inflation, unemployment, demand and consumer confidence. Therefore, prevailing economic conditions affecting our customers may in turn affect demand and our financial results. Fluctuations in the price of energy commodities or their related transportation costs, or an inability to obtain an adequate, reliable and cost- effective fuel supply may impact our ability to meet customer demand. Our current electric generating depends on coal and natural gas for fuel, and our gas distribution operations purchase and resell a portion of the natural gas we deliver to our customers. These energy commodities are subject to price fluctuations and fluctuations in associated transportation costs. We use physical hedging through the use of storage assets and use financial products in certain jurisdictions in order to offset fluctuations in commodity supply prices. We rely on regulatory recovery mechanisms in the various jurisdictions we operate in order to fully recover the commodity costs incurred in selling energy to our customers. While we have historically been successful in the recovery of costs related to such commodity prices, there can be no assurance that such costs will be fully recovered through rates in a timely manner. In addition, we depend on electric transmission lines, natural gas pipelines, and other transportation and storage facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to wholesale markets, supply natural gas to our gas storage and electric generation facilities, and provide retail energy services to our customers. If transportation is disrupted, if capacity is inadequate or if supply is interrupted, we may be unable to sell and deliver our gas and electric services to some or all of our customers. As a result, we may be required to procure additional or alternative electricity and/or natural gas supplies at then-current market rates, which, if recovery of related costs is disallowed, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects. Failure to attract, retain or re-skill an appropriately qualified workforce, and maintain good labor relations, could adversely impact safety, service reliability, and customer satisfaction. We face increased competition for talent which may result in longer hire times or increased cost due to the competitive nature of certain positions. We operate in an industry that requires many of our employees and contractors to possess unique technical skill sets. An aging workforce without appropriate replacements, the mismatch of current skill sets to future needs, the unavailability of talent for internal positions and the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. These operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. For example, certain skills, such as those related to construction, maintenance and repair of transmission and distribution systems, are in high demand and have a limited supply. Current and prospective employees may determine that they do not wish to work for us due to market, economic, employment or other conditions, including those related to organizational changes as described in the risk factor below. 24 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Further, as part of our strategic plan, which includes enhanced technology, transmission and distribution investments, and a reduction in reliance on coal-fired generation, we will need to attract and retain personnel that are qualified to implement such a strategy and may need to retrain or re-skill certain employees to support our long-term objectives. Additionally, successful implementation of our strategic plan is dependent on our ability to recruit and retain key executive officers to oversee our progress. A significant portion of our workforce is subject to collective bargaining agreements. Our collective bargaining agreements are generally negotiated on an operating company basis with some companies having multiple bargaining agreements, which may span different geographies. Any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to renegotiate these labor contracts might result in labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage or benefit increases. Although we maintain workforce continuity plans, our workforce continuity plans may not be effective in avoiding work stoppages that may result from labor negotiations or mass resignations. Labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows. Failure to attract, retain, or re-skill qualified employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to new employees, could result in a loss of momentum, loss of high-level employees to our peers and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. If we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce and maintain satisfactory labor relations, safety, service reliability, and customer satisfaction, our results of operations could be adversely affected. If we cannot effectively manage new initiatives and organizational changes, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the business and regulatory environment. In order to execute on our sustainable growth strategy and enhance our culture of ongoing continuous improvement, we must effectively manage the complexity and frequency of new initiatives and organizational changes. The organizational changes from our transformation initiatives put pressure on employees due to the volume and pace of change and, in some cases, the loss of personnel. Front-line workers are being impacted by the variety of process and technology changes that are currently in progress. If we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, and successfully implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed to execute our strategy in this increasingly dynamic and competitive business and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations and relationships with our business partners, regulators, customers, employees and stockholders may be negatively impacted. Actions of activist stockholders could negatively affect our business and stock price and cause us to incur significant expenses. We may be subject to actions or proposals from activist stockholders or others that may not be aligned with our long-term strategy or the interests of our other stockholders. Our response to suggested actions, proposals, director nominations and contests for the election of directors by activist stockholders could disrupt our business and operations, divert the attention of our board of directors, management and employees, and be costly and time consuming. Potential actions by activist stockholders or others may interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plans; create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy; cause uncertainty with our regulators; make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel; and adversely affect our relationships with our existing and potential business partners. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, we may be required to incur significant fees and other expenses related to responding to stockholder activism, including for third-party advisors. Moreover, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any stockholder activism. We outsource certain business functions to third-party suppliers and service providers, and may be impacted by substandard performance or quality by third parties. Utilities rely on extensive networks of business partners and suppliers to support critical enterprise capabilities across their organizations. Like other companies in the utilities industry, we outsource certain services to third parties in areas including construction services, information technology, materials, fleet, environmental, operational services, corporate and other areas. We have seen, and may see in the future, slowing deliveries from suppliers and in some cases materials and labor shortages. In addition to delays and unavailability, at times, outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to inferior service quality or substandard deliverables, which may result in non-compliance (including with applicable legal requirements and industry 25 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS standards), interruption of service, accidents, or reputational harm, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The nature of indirect supply chain, including a potential lack of control or certain visibility into sourcing by vendors, may also impact our ability to serve customers in a safe, reliable and cost-effective manner. These risks include the risk of operational failure, reputation damage, disruption due to new supply chain disruptions, exposure to significant commercial losses and fines and poorly positioned and distressed suppliers. If delayed deliveries and shortages or any other difficulties in the operations of these third-party suppliers and service providers, including their systems, were to occur, they could adversely affect our results of operations, or adversely affect our ability to work with regulators, unions, customers, or employees. A cyber-attack or security breach on any of our or certain third-party technology systems, including but not limited to information systems, infrastructure, software and hardware, upon which we rely may adversely affect our ability to operate, could lead to a loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information, or potential liability. We are reliant on technology to run our business, which is dependent upon technology systems to process critical information necessary to conduct various elements of our business, including the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity; operation of our gas pipeline facilities; and the recording and reporting of commercial and financial transactions to regulators, investors and other stakeholders. In addition to general information and cybersecurity risks that all large corporations face (e.g., ransomware, malware, unauthorized access attempts, phishing attacks, malicious intent by insiders, third-party software vulnerabilities and inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information), the utility industry faces evolving and increasingly complex cybersecurity risks associated with protecting electric grid and natural gas infrastructure as well as sensitive and confidential customer and employee information. Deployment or adoption of new or emerging business technologies, including artificial intelligence, Internet of Things (IoT) devices, and cloud-based platforms, increased reliance on third-party vendors, cloud service providers and software supply chains, along with maintaining legacy technology, heightens our exposure to risks outside of our control and represents a large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer and employee information, as well as on the integrity of the electric grid and the natural gas infrastructure. Increasing large-scale corporate cyber-attacks in conjunction with more sophisticated threats continue to challenge utility companies. Additionally, international conflicts, as well as increased surveillance activity from global threat actors, has increased the likelihood of a cyber-attack or security breach on critical infrastructure systems. Additionally, our information systems could experience sophisticated, cyber-attacks or security breaches by a variety of sources, including foreign sources, with the apparent aim to breach our cyber-defenses. While we have implemented and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect our information technology, operational technology, and data systems from such cyber-attacks or security breaches, our cybersecurity program does not prevent all breaches, cyber-attack or security breach incidents. We have experienced an increase in the number of attempts by external parties to access our networks or our company data without authorization. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity intrusions and attacks or security breaches to our information systems. To our knowledge, none of these intrusions or attacks have resulted in a material cybersecurity intrusion or data breach. The risk of a disruption or breach of our operational technology, or the compromise of the data processed in connection with our operations, through cybersecurity breach or ransomware attack has increased as attempted cyber-attacks or security breaches have advanced in sophistication and number around the world. Technological complexities combined with advanced cyber-attack or security breach techniques, lack of cybersecurity hygiene and human error can result in a cybersecurity incident, such as a ransomware attack. Supplier non-compliance with cybersecurity controls can also result in a cybersecurity incident. We are aware of vendor cybersecurity incidents that have impacted our business, although no such events have had a material impact. Cyber-attacks or security breaches can occur at any point in the supply chain or with any suppliers, and future supplier non-compliance with cybersecurity controls could result in material cybersecurity incidents. In addition, we use unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) or drones in our business operations. UASs are also being used for malicious activities and the cybersecurity risk in connection with operating UASs is increasing. In addition, we collect and retain personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. Customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. A cybersecurity breach of our information systems or operational technology, or a cybersecurity breach of the information systems of our customers, suppliers or others with whom we do business, could, among other things, (i) adversely impact our ability to safely and reliably deliver electricity and natural gas to our customers through our generation, transmission and distribution systems and potentially negatively impact our compliance with certain mandatory reliability and gas flow standards, (ii) subject us to reputational and other harm or liabilities associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information such as system operating information or information, personal or otherwise, relating to our customers or employees, (iii) impact our ability to manage our businesses, and/or (iv) subject us to legal and regulatory proceedings and 26 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS claims from third parties, in addition to remediation costs, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition and/or results of operations. Although we do maintain cybersecurity insurance, it is possible that such insurance will not adequately cover any losses or liabilities we may incur as a result of a cybersecurity incident. Compliance with and changes in cybersecurity requirements have a cost and operational impact on our business, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could adversely impact our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. The legal and regulatory environment surrounding cybersecurity and privacy is increasingly demanding. As cyber-attacks or security breaches are becoming more sophisticated, critical infrastructure assets, including pipelines and electric infrastructure, may be specifically targeted. In November 2024, the TSA issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) that would mandate cyber risk management and reporting requirements for the pipeline industry. Such directives or additional legal requirements may require expenditure of significant additional resources to respond to cyber-attacks or security breaches, to continue to modify or enhance protective measures, or to assess, investigate and remediate any critical infrastructure security vulnerabilities. Increased costs and the operational impacts of compliance and changes in cybersecurity requirements, including any failure to comply with government regulations or any failure in our cybersecurity protective measures may result in enforcement actions, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, there is no certainty that costs incurred related to securing against threats will be recovered through rates. The impacts of natural disasters, acts of terrorism, acts of war, civil unrest, accidents, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events may disrupt operations and reduce the ability to service customers. A disruption or failure of natural gas distribution systems, or within electric generation, transmission or distribution systems, in the event of a hurricane, tornado, wildfire, flood, or other major weather event, or terrorist attack, acts of war, international military invasions, including the political and economic disruption and uncertainty related to such terrorist attack, acts of war, or international military invasions, civil unrest, accident, public health emergency (e.g. pandemic), or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. We have experienced disruptions in the past from tornadoes, hurricanes and remnants of hurricanes and other events of this nature. Also, companies in our industry face a heightened risk of exposure to and have experienced acts of terrorism and vandalism. Our electric and gas physical infrastructure may be targets of physical security threats or terrorist activities that could disrupt our operations. We have increased security given the current environment and may be required by regulators or by the future threat environment to make investments in security that we cannot currently predict. In addition, supply chain constraints could impact our ability to timely restore services. The occurrence of such events could materially adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. In accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. As a result, the amount and scope of insurance coverage maintained against losses resulting from any such event may not be sufficient to cover such losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any business disruptions that could result. We are exposed to significant reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to a loss of cost recovery, increased litigation and negative public perception. As a utility company, we are subject to adverse publicity focused on the actual or perceived reliability or affordability of our services, the speed with which we are able to respond effectively to electric outages, natural gas leaks or events and related accidents and similar interruptions caused by storm damage, physical or cybersecurity incidents, or other unanticipated events, as well as our own or third parties actions or failure to act. We are subject to prevailing labor markets and potential high attrition, which may impact the speed of our customer service response. We are also facing supply chain challenges, the impacts of which may adversely impact our reputation in several areas as described elsewhere in these RISK FACTORS. We are also subject to adverse publicity related to actual or perceived environmental practices or impacts, including our ability to meet the challenges posed by climate change and achieve our carbon emission reduction goals, as well as negative opinions regarding the appropriateness of such goals. If customers, legislators or regulators have or develop a negative opinion of us, this could result in less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes or increased regulatory oversight, increased litigation and negative public perception. The foregoing may have adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. The physical impacts of climate change and the transition to a lower carbon future are impacting our business and could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Climate change is exacerbating risks to our physical infrastructure by increasing the frequency of extreme weather, including temperature stresses to our electric and gas systems and equipment and storms and floods that damage infrastructure. In addition, climate change is likely to cause lake and river level changes that affect the manner in which services are currently 27 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS provided and droughts or other limits on water used to supply services, and other extreme weather conditions. We have adapted and will continue to evolve our infrastructure and operations to meet current and future needs of our stakeholders. With higher frequency of these and other possible extreme weather events it may become more costly for us to safely and reliably deliver certain products and services to our customers. As our generation profile increases geographically, it is potentially more vulnerable to certain weather hazards, thereby increasing the frequency of weather impacts to overall electric reliability. Furthermore, in certain locations, our generation assets are geographically concentrated. Therefore, a localized weather or hazard impacting such a location could have a disproportionate cost and adverse effect on our ability to deliver certain products and services. Some of these costs may not be recovered. To the extent that we are unable to recover those costs, or if higher rates arising from recovery of such costs result in reduced demand for services, our future financial results may be adversely impacted. Further, as the intensity and frequency of significant weather events increases, insurers may reprice or remove themselves from insuring risks for which the company has historically maintained insurance, resulting in increased cost or risk to us. Our strategy may be impacted by policy and legal, technology, market and reputational risks and opportunities that are associated with the transition to a lower-carbon economy, as disclosed in other RISK FACTORS in this section. As a result of increased awareness regarding climate change, coupled with economic considerations, availability of alternative energy sources, including private solar, microturbines, fuel cells, energy-efficient buildings and energy storage devices, and regulations restricting, or imposing fees on, emissions, some consumers and companies may use less energy, meet their own energy needs through alternative energy sources or avoid expansions of their facilities, including natural gas facilities, which may result in less demand for our services. As these technologies become a more cost-competitive option, whether through cost effectiveness or government incentives and subsidies, certain customers may choose to meet their own energy needs and subsequently decrease usage of our systems and services, which may result in, among other things, our facilities becoming less competitive and economical. Further, evolving investor sentiment related to the use of fossil fuels and initiatives to restrict continued production of fossil fuels could result in a significant impact on our electric generation and natural gas businesses in the future. We are unable to forecast the future of commodity markets. Some of our generation is dependent on natural gas and coal, and we pass through the costs for these energy sources to our customers. In addition, in our gas distribution business, we procure natural gas on behalf of certain customers, and we pass through the actual cost of the gas consumed. Diminished investor interest in funding fossil fuel development could reduce the amount of exploration and production of natural gas or coal, or investment in gas transmission pipelines. Reduced production and transportation of natural gas could, in the long-term, lead to supply shortages leading to baseload generation outages. Given that we pass through commodity costs to customers, this could also create the potential for regulatory questions resulting from increased customer costs, reduced fossil fuel investment, due to evolving investor sentiment, could lead to higher commodity prices and shortages impacting our generation and our reputation with regulators. Conversely, demand for our services may increase as a result of customer changes in response to climate change. For example, as the utilization of electric vehicles increases, demand for electricity may increase, resulting in increased usage of our systems and services. Any negative views with respect to our environmental practices or our ability to meet the challenges posed by climate change from regulators, customers, investors or legislators could not only harm our reputation, but could adversely affect the perceived value of our products and services. Changes in policy to combat climate change, and technology advancement, each of which can also accelerate the implications of a transition to a lower carbon economy, may materially adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows . For example, Maryland is considering policies related to the planning, practices, and future operations of natural gas suppliers in its state which could impact our business in the future. We are subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities associated with the implementation and efforts to achieve our carbon emission reduction goal. In November 2022, we announced our goal of reaching net zero Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 2040 (the Net Zero Goal ). Achieving the Net Zero Goal will require supportive regulatory and legislative policies, favorable stakeholder environments and advancement of technologies that are not currently economically or technologically feasible to deploy at scale, of which, the impacts and costs are not currently fully understood. NIPSCO s electric generation transition, which is outlined in the 2024 Plan, is a key element of the Net Zero Goal. Our analysis and plan for execution requires us to make a number of assumptions. These underlying assumptions involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees. Should one or more of our underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and ability to achieve our emissions goal could differ materially from our expectations. Certain of the assumptions that could impact our ability to meet our emissions goal include, but are not limited to: the accuracy of current emission measurements; the ability to complete and implement generation alternatives to NIPSCO s coal generation and retire NIPSCO s coal facilities; the ability to implement our modernization plans 28 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS for our natural gas pipelines and facilities, including construction of new pipelines and facilities; customer demand and capacity needs remaining in line with current expectations, including impacts from energy efficiency and technological innovation and adoption of alternative energy sources; the ability to effectively manage emissions associated with electric generation to serve growth and data center development; the ability to manage costs and supply chain risks associated with construction of electric and natural gas assets; technological innovation and costs of energy generation technologies such as wind, solar, nuclear thermal and energy storage, and of carbon abatement technologies such carbon capture solutions; stakeholder support for these technologies; regulatory approval and the terms of such approvals; impacts of potential future environmental regulations or legislation, including potential GHG pricing regimes such as a carbon tax or methane fee; the price, availability and regulation of carbon offsets; and the price of natural gas and alternative fuels such as hydrogen. Any negative opinions with respect to these goals or our environmental practices, including our ability to meet the challenges posed by climate change and our ability to achieve our carbon emission reduction goals, or a scaling back of these goals, formed by regulators, customers, investors or legislators could harm our reputation and have an adverse effect on our financial condition. FINANCIAL, ECONOMIC AND MARKET RISKS We have substantial indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial condition. Our business is capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. We had total consolidated indebtedness of $16,213.5 million outstanding as of December 31, 2025. Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it could: limit our ability to borrow additional funds or increase the cost of borrowing additional funds; reduce the availability of cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industries in which we operate; lead parties with whom we do business to require additional credit support, such as letters of credit, in order for us to transact such business; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that are less leveraged; increase vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and limit our ability to execute on our growth strategy, which is dependent upon access to capital to fund our substantial infrastructure investment program. Some of our debt obligations contain financial covenants related to debt-to-capital ratios and cross-default provisions. Our failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of outstanding debt obligations. Additionally, non-compliance with debt covenants could adversely affect our ability to obtain future borrowings. Any and all of the above could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. In addition, we expect to incur significant additional indebtedness in order to construct the generation and transmission assets needed to serve ADS and any future data center customers. See Data Center Operations and Strategy Risks We will be required to obtain significant additional financing in order to construct the Contract Assets and any generation or transmission assets we develop to support future data center contracts. Such financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. and Pursuit of our partnership with ADS creates significant opportunity costs and reduces our strategic and financial flexibility in the near term. for a discussion of certain risks relating to this anticipated additional indebtedness. A drop in our credit ratings could adversely impact our cash flows, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity. The availability and cost of credit for our businesses may be greatly affected by credit ratings. The credit rating agencies periodically review our ratings, taking into account factors such as our actual or perceived business risk (including increasing data center operations as compared to traditional utility operations), capital structure, earnings profile, liabilities, business strategy, and overall shifts in the economy or business environment. We are committed to maintaining investment grade credit ratings; however, there is no assurance we will be able to do so in the future. Our credit ratings could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, the circumstances warrant. Any negative rating action could adversely affect our ability to access capital at rates and on terms that are attractive. A negative rating action could also adversely impact our business relationships with suppliers and operating partners, who may be less willing to extend credit or offer us similarly favorable terms as secured in the past under such circumstances. 29 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Certain of our subsidiaries have agreements that contain ratings triggers that require increased collateral in the form of cash, a letter of credit or other forms of security for new and existing transactions if our credit ratings (including the standalone credit ratings of certain of our subsidiaries) drop below investment grade. These agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of gas or power. As of December 31, 2025, the collateral requirement that would be required in the event of a downgrade below the ratings trigger levels would amount to approximately $150.2 million. In addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain adequate assurance or material adverse change provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business. If our or certain of our subsidiaries credit ratings were downgraded, especially below investment grade, financing costs and the principal amount of our indebtedness would likely increase due to the additional risk of our debt and because certain counterparties may require additional credit support as described above. Such increase may be material and could adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. Losing investment grade credit ratings may also result in more restrictive covenants and reduced flexibility on repayment terms in debt issuances, lower our share price and result in greater stockholder dilution from common equity issuances, in addition to reputational damage within the investment community. Adverse economic and market conditions, including increases in inflation or interest rates, recession or changes in investor sentiment could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity. Deteriorating, sluggish or volatile economic conditions in our operating jurisdictions could adversely impact our ability to maintain or grow our customer base and collect revenues from customers, which could reduce our revenue or growth rate and increase operating costs. A continued economic downturn or recession, or slowing or stalled recovery from such economic downturn or recession, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We rely on access to the capital markets to finance our liquidity and long-term capital requirements, including expenditures for our utility infrastructure and to comply with future regulatory requirements, to the extent not satisfied by the cash flow generated by our operations. We have historically relied on the issuance of long-term debt and equity securities to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. There may be external factors such as inflation, monetary policy or other market conditions which could impact our cost of borrowing and could make it more difficult to obtain financing for our operations or investments on favorable terms. Successful implementation of our long-term business strategies, including capital investment, is dependent upon our ability to access the capital and credit markets, including the banking and commercial paper markets, on competitive terms and rates. An economic downturn or uncertainty, market turmoil, changes in interest rates, changes in tax policy, challenges faced by financial institutions, changes in our credit ratings, or a change in investor sentiment toward us or the utilities industry generally could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital or refinance debt. For example, because NIPSCO s current generating facilities partially rely on coal for its operations, certain financial institutions may choose not to participate in our financing arrangements. In addition, investors may choose to sell or choose not to purchase our stock due to environmental, social and governance or sustainability concerns. Reduced access to capital markets, increased borrowing costs, and/or lower equity valuation levels could reduce future earnings per share and cash flows. In addition, any rise in interest rates may lead to higher borrowing costs, which may adversely impact reported earnings, cost of capital and capital holdings. We may face limits on our ability, or inability, to access credit and capital markets or may experience significant increases in the cost of capital, which could limit our ability to implement or increase the costs of implementing, our business plan, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity. Most of our revenues are subject to regulation and are exposed to the impact of regulatory rate reviews and proceedings. Most of our revenues are subject to regulation at either the federal or state level. As such, the revenues generated by us are subject to regulatory review by the applicable federal or state authority. These rate reviews determine the rates charged to customers and directly impact our revenues. Our financial results are dependent on frequent regulatory proceedings in order to ensure timely recovery of costs and investments. As described in more detail in the risk factor below, the outcomes of these proceedings are uncertain, potentially lengthy and could be influenced by many factors, some of which may be outside of our control, including the cost of providing service, the regulators' view as to the necessity of our expenditures, regulatory interpretations, customer intervention, economic conditions, the political environment and customer affordability. Further, the rate orders are subject to appeal, which creates additional uncertainty as to the rates that will ultimately be allowed to be charged for services. 30 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The actions of regulators and legislators could result in outcomes that may adversely affect our earnings and liquidity. The rates that our electric and natural gas companies charge their customers are determined by their state regulatory commissions and by the FERC. These state regulatory commissions also regulate the companies accounting, operations, the issuance of certain securities and certain other matters. The FERC also regulates the transmission of electric energy, the sale of electric energy at wholesale, accounting, issuance of certain securities and certain other matters, including reliability standards through the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC). Further, NIPSCO s and GenCo s operations under the ADS Contract will be, and under future data center contracts are expected to be, regulated by the IURC in a different way from the regulatory mechanisms applicable to NIPSCO s historical operations. See Data Center Operations and Strategy Risks for a discussion of certain such risks. Under state and federal law, our electric and natural gas companies are entitled to charge rates that are sufficient to allow them an opportunity to recover their prudently incurred operating and capital costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, to attract needed capital and maintain their financial integrity, while also protecting relevant public interests. Our electric and natural gas companies are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. Each of these companies prepares and submits periodic rate filings with their respective regulatory commissions for review and approval, which allows for various entities to challenge our current or future rates, structures or mechanisms and could alter or limit the rates we are allowed to charge our customers. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups, and various consumers of energy, who have differing interests. Any change in rates, including changes in allowed rate of return, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings that can be contentious, lengthy, and subject to appeal. This may lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result of those proceedings. Established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed, including cost recovery mechanisms. The ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings could have a significant effect on our ability to recover costs or earn an adequate return. Adverse decisions in our proceedings or changes to the related regulatory rules or processes could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. There can be no assurance that regulators will approve the recovery of all operating and capital costs incurred by our electric and natural gas companies, including, but not limited to, costs for construction, operation and maintenance, and compliance with current and future changes in environmental, federal pipeline safety, critical infrastructure and cybersecurity laws and regulations. Further, we face regulatory challenges when our electric and gas companies seek regulatory recovery of increases to materials and other costs as a result of inflationary pressures, including accounting for inflationary pricing in plans and assumptions and ensuring there is a regulatory recovery model. There is debate among regulators and other stakeholders over how to transition to a decarbonized economy and prudency arguments relative to investing in natural gas assets when the depreciable life of the assets may be shortened due to electrification. The inability to recover a significant amount of operating or capital costs could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Changes to rates may occur at times different from when costs are incurred. Additionally, catastrophic events at other utilities could result in our regulators and legislators imposing additional requirements that may lead to additional costs or operational requirements for our companies. In addition to the risk of disallowance of incurred costs, regulators may also impose downward adjustments in a company s allowed ROE, as well as assess penalties and fines. Regulators may reduce ROE to mitigate potential customer bill increases due to items unrelated to capital investments. These actions would have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. For a discussion of the regulation of our operations related to serving data center customers and relationships with data center customers that are served by generation assets constructed by GenCo and related risks, see Data Center Operations and Strategy Risks The return structure and risk profile of ADS Contract and related development of the Contract Assets differ from those of NIPSCO s traditionally regulated utility operations. Any future data center contracts we enter into are expected to have a comparable structure and risk profile. Our electric business is subject to mandatory reliability and critical infrastructure protection standards established by NERC and enforced by the FERC. The critical infrastructure protection standards focus on controlling access to critical physical and cybersecurity assets. Compliance with the mandatory reliability standards could subject our electric utilities to higher operating costs. In addition, compliance with PHMSA regulations, including the expected final ruling around leak detection and repair 31 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS requirements could subject our gas utilities to higher operating costs and divert business resources from other activities in order to remain compliant. If our businesses are found to be in noncompliance, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, or damage to our reputation. Changes in tax laws, as well as the potential tax effects of business decisions, could negatively impact our business, results of operations (including our expected project returns from our planned renewable energy projects), financial condition and cash flows. Our business operations are subject to economic conditions in certain industries. Business operations throughout our service territories have been and may continue to be adversely affected by economic events at the national and local level where our businesses operate. In particular, sales to large industrial customers, such as those in the steel, oil refining, industrial
