. RISK FACTORS ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our stock involves a number of risks. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider all of the risks described in this annual report on Form 10-K. If any of the risks discussed in this annual report on Form 10-K actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If this were to occur, the trading price of our stock could decline significantly and you may lose all or part of your investment. Readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect us. INDEX TO ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Page Summary of RISK FACTORS 12 Risks Related to Our Liquidity and Funding 14 Risks of Ownership of Our Common Stock 19 Compliance, Regulatory & Legal Risks 20 Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT 24 Counterparty Risks 30 Investment and Market Related Risks 30 Operational and Cybersecurity Risks 36 Other Risks 42 11 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Summary of RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Liquidity and Funding Our strategy involves the use of leverage, which increases the risk that we may incur substantial losses. Our use of leverage may result in margin calls and defaults and force us to sell assets under adverse market conditions. We may exceed our overall Company target leverage ratios. We may not be able to consistently achieve our optimal leverage. Failure to procure or renew funding on favorable terms, or at all, affects our results and financial condition. Effectively managing our liquidity affects our results and financial condition. Volatile market conditions for our assets can result in contraction in liquidity for those assets and the related financing. An increase in the interest payments on our borrowings relative to the interest we earn on our interest earning assets adversely affects our profitability. Differences in timing of interest rate adjustments on our interest earning assets and our borrowings affect our profitability. It may be uneconomical to roll our TBA dollar roll transactions or we may be unable to meet margin calls on our TBA contracts. Our use of derivatives exposes us to counterparty and liquidity risks. Securitizations expose us to additional risks. Our use of non-recourse securitizations exposes us to risks which could result in losses to us. Counterparties may require us to enter into restrictive covenants. We may be unable to profitably execute or participate in future securitization transactions. Risks of Ownership of Our Common Stock Our charter does not permit ownership of over 9.8% in number of shares or value of our common stock or any class of our preferred stock. Provisions contained in Maryland law have anti-takeover effects, potentially preventing investors from receiving a control premium for their shares. We have not established a minimum dividend payment level and cannot assure stockholders of our ability to pay dividends in the future. Our reported GAAP financial results may not be an accurate indicator of future taxable income and dividend distributions. Compliance, Regulatory & Legal Risks Accounting rules related to certain of our transactions are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. Our application of GAAP produces financial results that fluctuate from one period to another. Any new laws, regulations or administrative actions modifying the relationship between Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the federal government could affect our business model or business operations. The Truth in Lending Act or other similar consumer protection laws and regulations expose an owner of whole mortgage loans and mortgage servicing rights to potential civil and administrative liability. Our Residential Credit and MSR businesses are subject to complex and evolving legal and regulatory requirements, including how we oversee and are responsible for the actions of our third-party service providers, which exposes us to increased compliance, legal, and regulatory risk. Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or our failure to comply with those laws or regulations affects our business. Evolving environmental, social and governance-related disclosure requirements and climate-related risks could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding data privacy and security, which increases the cost of doing business, compliance risks and potential liability. We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with sponsoring, investing in and managing new funds and other investment accounts, including potential regulatory risks. Loss of our Investment Company Act exemption from registration would adversely affect us. Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT Our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would have adverse tax consequences. Our distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. Distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business taxable income. We have flexibility to pay dividends in our own stock. Our TRSs cannot constitute more than 25% of our total assets. TRSs are subject to tax at the regular corporate rates, are not required to distribute dividends, and the amount of dividends a TRS can pay to its parent REIT may be limited by REIT gross income tests. If transactions between a REIT and a TRS are entered into on other than arm s-length terms, the REIT may be subject to a penalty tax. Even if we remain qualified as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities and may force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. Liquidation of assets may jeopardize our REIT qualification or create additional tax liability for us. 12 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS The failure of assets subject to repurchase agreements to qualify as real estate assets could adversely affect our ability to remain qualified as a REIT. Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. The tax on prohibited transactions limits our ability to engage in certain transactions. Certain financing activities may subject us to U.S. federal income tax and could have negative tax consequences for our stockholders. Uncertainty exists with respect to the treatment of our TBAs for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests. Dividends payable by REITs generally receive different tax treatment than dividend income from regular corporations. New legislation or administrative or judicial action, in each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for us to remain qualified as a REIT. Counterparty Risks The soundness of our counterparties and other financial institutions affects us. We are subject to counterparty risk and may be unable to seek indemnity or require counterparties to repurchase residential whole loans if they breach representations and warranties, which could cause us to suffer losses. Our rights under our repurchase and derivative agreements are subject to the effects of the bankruptcy laws in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of us or our lenders. Investment and Market Related Risks We may experience declines in the market value of our assets. Investments in MSR expose us to additional risks. A prolonged economic slowdown or declining real estate values could impair the assets we may own. An increase in interest rates adversely affects the market value of our interest earning assets and, therefore, also our book value. Actions by the Federal Reserve may affect the price and returns of our assets. We invest in securities that are subject to mortgage credit risk. Our investments in real estate and other securities are subject to changes in credit spreads as well as available market liquidity, which affect our ability to realize gains on the sale of such investments. Geographic concentration exposes investors to greater risk of default and loss. Inadequate property insurance coverage impacts on our operating results. Our assets may become non-performing or sub-performing assets in the future. We may be required to repurchase residential mortgage loans or indemnify investors if we breach representations and warranties. Our and our third party service providers and servicers due diligence of potential assets may not reveal all of the weaknesses in such assets. When we foreclose on an asset, we may come to own the property securing the loan. Proposals to acquire mortgage loans by eminent domain affect the value of our assets. Subordinated tranches of non-Agency mortgage-backed securities are subordinate in right of payment to more senior securities. Our hedging strategies may be costly, and may not hedge our risks as intended. We are subject to risks of loss from weather conditions, man-made or natural disasters and the direct and indirect effects of climate change. Operational and Cybersecurity Risks Reliance on inaccurate models or the data used by models exposes us to risk. We are highly dependent on information systems and networks, many of which are operated by third parties. Cyberattacks or other information security breaches of our Company s, service providers or counterparties systems or networks affect our business, reputation and financial condition. We may utilize artificial intelligence, which could expose us to liability and affect our business. We depend on third party service providers, including mortgage loan servicers and sub-servicers, for a variety of services related to our business. Our investments in residential whole loans subject us to servicing-related risks. The performance of loans underlying our MSR related assets is affected by the performance of the related mortgage servicer. We are subject to prepayment rate risk. We are subject to reinvestment risk. Competition may affect availability and pricing of our target assets. We may enter into new lines of business, acquire other companies or engage in other strategic initiatives. Some of our investments, including those related to non-prime loans, involve credit risk. Any inability to attract, motivate and retain qualified talent, including our key personnel, affects us. Other Risks The market price and trading volume of our shares of common stock may be volatile. We may change our policies without stockholder approv al. 13 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Liquidity and Funding Our strategy involves the use of leverage, which increases the risk that we may incur substantial losses. We expect our leverage to vary with market conditions and our assessment of risk/return on investments. We incur this leverage by borrowing against a substantial portion of the market value of our assets. Leverage, which is fundamental to our investment strategy, creates significant risks. The risks associated with leverage are more acute during periods of economic slowdown or recession. Because of our leverage, we have in the past and may in the future incur substantial losses if our borrowing costs increase, and we may be unable to execute our investment strategy if leverage is unavailable or is unavailable on attractive terms. The reasons our borrowing costs may increase or our ability to borrow may decline include, but are not limited to, the following: short-term interest rates increase; the market value of our investments available to collateralize borrowings decreases; the haircut applied to our assets under the repurchase agreements or other secured financing arrangements increases; interest rate volatility increases; disruption in the repo market generally or the infrastructure, including technology infrastructure, that supports it; or the availability of financing in the market decreases. Our use of leverage may result in margin calls and defaults and force us to sell assets under adverse market conditions. Because of our leverage, a decline in the value of our interest earning assets has in the past and may in the future result in our lenders initiating margin calls. A margin call means that the lender requires us to pledge additional collateral to re-establish the ratio of the value of the collateral to the amount of the borrowing. Borrowings secured by our fixed-rate mortgage-backed securities generally are more susceptible to margin calls as increases in interest rates tend to more negatively affect the market value of fixed-rate securities. Margin calls are most likely in market conditions in which the unencumbered assets that we would use to meet the margin calls have also decreased in value. The risks associated with margin calls are more acute during periods of economic slowdown or recession. If we are unable to satisfy margin calls, our lenders may foreclose on our collateral. This could force us to sell our interest earning assets under adverse market conditions, or allow lenders to sell those assets on our behalf at prices that could be below our estimation of their value. Additionally, in the event of our bankruptcy, our borrowings, which are generally made under repurchase agreements, may qualify for special treatment under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This special treatment would allow the lenders under these agreements to avoid the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and to liquidate the collateral under these agreements without delay. We may exceed our overall Company target leverage ratios. We generally expect to maintain an overall Company economic leverage ratio of less than 10:1. However, we are not required to stay below this economic leverage ratio. We may exceed this ratio by incurring additional debt without increasing the amount of equity we have. For example, if we increase the amount of borrowings under our master repurchase agreements or other borrowing arrangements with our existing or new counterparties or the market value of our portfolio declines, our economic leverage ratio would increase. If we increase our economic leverage ratio, the adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations from the types of risks associated with the use of leverage would likely be more severe. Our target economic leverage ratio is set for the portfolio as a whole, rather than separately for each asset type. The economic leverage ratio on Agency mortgage-backed securities has in the past and may in the future exceed the target ratio for the portfolio as a whole. Because credit assets are generally less levered than Agency mortgage-backed securities, at a given economic leverage ratio an increased allocation to credit assets generally means an increase in economic leverage on Agency mortgage-backed securities. The economic leverage on our Agency mortgage-backed securities is the primary driver of the risk of being unable to meet margin calls discussed above. We may not be able to consistently achieve our optimal leverage. We use leverage as a strategy to increase the return to our investors. However, we may not be able to consistently achieve our desired leverage if we determine that the leverage would expose us to excessive risk, our lenders do not make funding available to us at acceptable rates, or our lenders require that we provide additional collateral to cover our borrowings. 14 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Failure to procure or renew funding on favorable terms, or at all, affects our results and financial condition. One or more of our lenders could be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing. This potentially increases our financing costs and reduces our liquidity. Furthermore, if any of our potential lenders or existing lenders are unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or if we are not able to renew or replace maturing borrowings, we could be forced to sell our assets at an inopportune time when prices are depressed. Our business, results of operations and financial condition have in the past and may in the future be materially affected by disruptions in the financial markets. We cannot assure you that these markets will remain an efficient source of financing for our assets. If our strategy is not viable, we will have to find alternative forms of financing for our assets, which may not be available. Further, as a REIT, we are required to distribute annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments) to our stockholders and are, therefore, not able to retain significant amounts of our earnings for new investments. We cannot assure you that any, or sufficient, funding or capital will be available to us in the future on terms that are acceptable to us. If we cannot obtain sufficient funding on acceptable terms, there may be a negative impact on the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Moreover, our ability to grow will be dependent on our ability to procure additional funding. To the extent we are not able to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or borrowings, our growth will be constrained. Effectively managing our liquidity affects our results and financial condition. Our ability to meet cash needs depends on many factors, several of which are beyond our control. Ineffective management of liquidity levels could cause us to be unable to meet certain financial obligations. Potential conditions that could impair our liquidity include: unwillingness or inability of any of our potential lenders to provide us with or renew financing, margin calls, additional capital requirements applicable to our lenders, a disruption in the financial markets or declining confidence in our creditworthiness or in financial markets in general. These conditions have in the past and may in the future force us to sell our assets at inopportune times or otherwise cause us to potentially revise our strategic business initiatives. Volatile market conditions for our assets can result in contraction in liquidity for those assets and the related financing. Our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the markets for mortgages and mortgage-related assets, including Agency mortgage-backed securities, as well as the broader financial markets and the economy generally. Significant adverse changes in financial market conditions can result in a deleveraging of the global financial system and the forced sale of large quantities of mortgage-related and other financial assets. Concerns over economic recession, pandemic diseases, geopolitical issues, trade wars, unemployment, inflation, government actions to combat inflation, rising interest rates, the availability and cost of financing, the mortgage market, the repurchase agreement market, a declining real estate market or prolonged government shutdown may contribute to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and markets. For example, as a result of the financial crises beginning in the summer of 2007 and through the subsequent credit and housing crisis, many traditional mortgage investors suffered severe losses in their residential mortgage portfolios and several major market participants failed or were impaired, resulting in a significant contraction in market liquidity for mortgage-related assets. This illiquidity negatively affected both the terms and availability of financing for all mortgage-related assets. Volatility and deterioration in the markets for mortgages and mortgage-related assets as well as the broader financial markets may adversely affect the performance and market value of our Agency mortgage-backed securities. If these conditions exist, institutions from which we seek financing for our investments may tighten their lending standards or become insolvent, which could make it more difficult for us to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. Our profitability and financial condition may be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain cost-effective financing for our investments. An increase in the interest payments on our borrowings relative to the interest we earn on our interest earning assets adversely affects our profitability. We generally earn money based upon the spread between the interest payments we earn on our interest earning assets and the interest payments we must make on our borrowings. Our profitability is affected if the interest payments on our borrowings increase relative to the interest we earn on our interest earning assets. A significant portion of our assets are longer-term, fixed-rate interest earning assets, and a significant portion of our borrowings are shorter-term, floating-rate borrowings. Periods of rising interest rates or a relatively flat or inverted yield curve could decrease or eliminate the spread between the interest payments we earn on our interest earning assets and the interest payments we must make on our borrowings. 15 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Differences in timing of interest rate adjustments on our interest earning assets and our borrowings affect our profitability. We rely primarily on short-term borrowings to acquire interest earning assets with long-term maturities. Some of the interest earning assets we acquire are adjustable-rate interest earning assets. This means that their interest rates may vary over time based upon changes in an objective index, such as: Treasury Rate. A monthly or weekly average yield of benchmark U.S. Treasury securities, as published by the Federal Reserve Board. Secured Overnight Financing Rate ( SOFR ). A measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Term SOFR. A benchmark based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate futures, administered by CME Group. These indices generally reflect short-term interest rates. The interest rates on our borrowings similarly reflect short-term interest rates. Nevertheless, the interest rates on our borrowings generally adjust more frequently than the interest rates on our adjustable-rate interest earning assets, which are also typically subject to periodic and lifetime interest rate caps. Accordingly, in a period of rising interest rates, we could experience a decrease in net income or a net loss because the interest rates on our borrowings adjust faster than the interest rates on our adjustable-rate interest earning assets. It may be uneconomical to roll our TBA dollar roll transactions or we may be unable to meet margin calls on our TBA contracts. From time to time, we enter into TBAs as an alternate means of investing in and financing Agency mortgage-backed securities. A TBA contract is an agreement to purchase or sell, for future delivery, an Agency mortgage-backed security with a specified issuer, term and coupon. A TBA dollar roll represents a transaction where TBA contracts with the same terms but different settlement dates are simultaneously bought and sold. The TBA contract settling in the later month typically prices at a discount to the earlier month contract with the difference in price commonly referred to as the drop . The drop is a reflection of the expected net interest income from an investment in similar Agency mortgage-backed securities, net of an implied financing cost, that would be foregone as a result of settling the contract in the later month rather than in the earlier month. The drop between the current settlement month price and the forward settlement month price occurs because in the TBA dollar roll market, the party providing the implied financing is the party that would retain all principal and interest payments accrued during the financing period. Accordingly, TBA dollar roll income generally represents the economic equivalent of the net interest income earned on the underlying Agency mortgage-backed security less an implied financing cost. Consequently, dollar roll transactions and such forward purchases of Agency securities represent a form of off-balance sheet financing and increase our at risk leverage. The economic return of a TBA dollar roll generally equates to interest income on a generic TBA-eligible security less an implied financing cost, and there may be situations in which the implied financing cost exceeds the interest income, resulting in a negative carry on the position. If we roll our TBA dollar roll positions when they have a negative carry, the positions would decrease net income and amounts available for distributions to shareholders. There have in the past and may in the future be situations in which we are unable or unwilling to roll our TBA dollar roll positions. The TBA transaction could have a negative carry or otherwise be uneconomical, we may be unable to find counterparties with whom to trade in sufficient volume, or we may be required to collateralize the TBA positions in a way that is uneconomical. Because TBA dollar rolls represent implied financing, an inability or unwillingness to roll has effects similar to any other loss of financing. If we do not roll our TBA positions prior to the settlement date, we would have to take physical delivery of the underlying securities and settle our obligations for cash. We may not have sufficient funds or alternative financing sources available to settle such obligations. Counterparties may also make margin calls as the value of a generic TBA-eligible security (and therefore the value of the TBA contract) declines. Margin calls on TBA positions or failure to roll TBA positions could have the effects described in the liquidity risks described above. Our use of derivatives exposes us to counterparty and liquidity risks. Most swaps that we enter into must be executed on a Swap Extension Facility and/or be cleared by a Derivatives Clearing Organization ( DCO ), both of which are regulated by the CFTC. DCOs are subject to regulatory oversight and use extensive risk management processes, which result in expenses and collateral requirements for our swaps. We access the DCO through several Futures Commission Merchants ( FCMs ). For any cleared swap, we bear the credit risk of both the DCO and the relevant FCM, in the form of potential late or unrecoverable payments, potential difficulty or delay in accessing collateral that we have posted, and potential loss of any positive market value of the swap position. In the event of a default by the DCO or FCM, we also bear market risk, if the asset or liability being hedged is no longer effectively hedged. 16 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS We also bear fees for use of the DCO and Swap Execution Facility, as well as risks associated with trade errors. Because the standardized swaps available on Swap Execution Facilities and cleared through DCOs are not fully customizable, we may bear basis risk from hedge positions that do not exactly reflect the interest rate risk on the asset being hedged. Futures transactions are subject to risks analogous to those of cleared swaps, except that for futures transactions we bear a higher risk that collateral we have posted is unavailable to us if the FCM defaults. Some derivatives transactions, such as swaptions, are not currently required to be cleared through a DCO. Therefore, we bear the credit risk of the dealer with which we executed the swaption or other uncleared transaction. TBA contracts and swaps on CMBX indexes are also not cleared, and we bear the credit risk of the dealer. Certain derivative transactions are subject to margin requirements. The relevant contract or clearinghouse rules dictate the method of determining the required amount of margin, the types of collateral accepted and the timing required to meet margin calls. Additionally, for cleared swaps and futures, FCMs may have the right to require more margin than the clearinghouse requires. The requirement to meet margin calls can create liquidity risks, and we bear the cost of funding the margin that we post. Also, as discussed above, we bear credit risk if a dealer, FCM, or clearinghouse is holding collateral we have posted. Generally, we attempt to retain the ability to close out of a hedging position or create an offsetting position. However, in some cases we may not be able to do so at economically viable prices, or we may be unable to do so without consent of the counterparty. Therefore, in some situations a derivative position can be illiquid, forcing us to hold it to its maturity or scheduled termination date. It is possible that new regulations could be issued governing the derivatives market, including requiring additional types of derivatives to be executed on Swap Execution Facilities or cleared through a DCO. Ongoing regulatory change in this area could increase costs, increase risks, and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Securitizations expose us to additional risks. In a securitization structure, we convey a pool of assets to a special purpose vehicle, the issuing entity, and in turn the issuing entity issues one or more classes of non-recourse notes pursuant to the terms of an indenture. The notes are secured by the pool of assets. In exchange for the transfer of assets to the issuing entity, we receive the cash proceeds of the sale of non-recourse notes and a 100% interest in certain subordinate interests of the issuing entity. The securitization of all or a portion of our residential loan portfolio might magnify our exposure to losses because any subordinate interest we retain in the issuing entity would be subordinate to the notes issued to investors and we would, therefore, absorb all of the losses sustained with respect to a securitized pool of assets before the owners of the notes experience any losses. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will be able to access the securitization market or be able to do so at favorable rates. The inability to securitize our portfolio could adversely affect our performance and our ability to grow our business. Our use of non-recourse securitizations exposes us to risks which could result in losses to us. We utilize non-recourse securitizations of our assets in mortgage loans, especially loans that we originate, when they are available. Prior to any such financing, we have in the past sought and may in the future seek to finance assets with relatively short-term facilities until a sufficient portfolio is accumulated. As a result, we would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to acquire, during the period that any short-term facilities are available, sufficient eligible assets to maximize the efficiency of a securitization. We also would bear the risk that we would not be able to obtain a new short-term facility or would not be able to renew any short-term facilities after they expire should we need more time to seek and acquire sufficient eligible assets for a securitization. In addition, conditions in the capital markets, including potential volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, may not permit a non-recourse securitization at any particular time or may make the issuance of any such securitization less attractive to us even when we do have sufficient eligible assets. While we would intend to retain the non-investment grade tranches of securitizations and, therefore, still have exposure to any assets included in such securitizations, our inability to enter into such securitizations would increase our overall exposure to risks associated with direct ownership of such assets, including the risk of default. Our inability to refinance any short-term facilities would also increase our risk because borrowings thereunder would likely be recourse to us as an entity. If we are unable to obtain and renew short-term facilities or to consummate securitizations to finance our assets on a long-term basis, we may be required to seek other forms of potentially less attractive financing or to liquidate assets at an inopportune time or price. To the extent that we are unable to obtain financing for our assets, and to the extent that we retain such assets in our portfolio, our returns on investment and earnings will be negatively impacted. 17 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Counterparties may require us to enter into restrictive covenants. Certain lenders and counterparties impose restrictions on us that would affect our ability to incur additional debt, make certain allocations or acquisitions, allow liquidity or stockholders equity to fall below certain levels, increase leverage, make distributions to our stockholders, or redeem debt or equity securities, and may impact our flexibility to determine our operating policies and strategies. In some situations, these restrictions could be breached due to changes in the market value of our assets or liabilities. One way to avoid breaching certain of these restrictions is to sell assets or reduce leverage at an inopportune time. Failing to meet or satisfy any of these covenants is a default under these agreements, and our lenders or counterparties could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral and enforce their interests against existing collateral. A default under one agreement can trigger cross-default rights under other agreements. A default and resulting repayment acceleration could significantly reduce our liquidity, which could require us to sell our assets to repay amounts due and outstanding. This could also significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions, which could cause our share price to decline. A default could also significantly limit our financing alternatives such that we would be unable to pursue our leverage strategy, which could adversely affect our returns. We may be unable to profitably execute or participate in future securitization transactions. There are a number of factors that can have a significant impact on whether we are able to execute or participate in a securitization transaction, and whether such a transaction is profitable to us or results in a loss. One of these factors is the price we pay for the mortgage loans that we securitize, which, in the case of residential mortgage loans, is impacted by the level of competition in the marketplace for acquiring mortgage loans and the relative desirability to originators of retaining mortgage loans as investments or selling them to third parties such as us. As such, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments in residential mortgage loans at attractive levels and pricing, which could adversely affect our ability to execute future securitizations in this space. Another factor that impacts the profitability of a securitization transaction is the cost to us of the short-term warehouse financing facilities that we use to finance our holdings of mortgage loans prior to securitization, which cost is affected by a number of factors including the availability of this type of financing to us, the interest rate on this type of financing, the duration of the financing we incur, and the percentage of our mortgage loans for which third parties are willing to provide short-term financing. After we acquire mortgage loans that we intend to securitize, we can also suffer losses if the value of those loans declines prior to securitization. Declines in the value of a mortgage loan, for example, can be due to, among other things, changes in interest rates, changes in the credit quality of the loan, and changes in the projected yields required by investors to invest in securitization transactions. To the extent we seek to hedge against a decline in loan value due to changes in interest rates, there is a cost of hedging that also affects whether a securitization is profitable. Other factors that can significantly affect whether a securitization transaction is profitable to us include the criteria and conditions that rating agencies apply and require when they assign ratings to the mortgage-backed securities issued in our securitization transactions, including the percentage of mortgage-backed securities issued in a securitization transaction that the rating agencies will assign a triple-A rating to, which is also referred to as a rating agency subordination level. Rating agency subordination levels can be impacted by numerous factors, including, without limitation, the credit quality of the loans securitized, the geographic distribution of the loans to be securitized, the structure of the securitization transaction and other applicable rating agency criteria. All other factors being equal, the greater the percentage of the mortgage-backed securities issued in a securitization transaction that the rating agencies will assign a triple-A rating to, the more profitable the transaction will be to us. The price that investors in mortgage-backed securities will pay for securities issued in our securitization transactions also has a significant impact on the profitability of the transactions to us, and these prices are impacted by numerous market forces and factors. In addition, the underwriter(s) or placement agent(s) we select for securitization transactions, and the terms of their engagement, impacts the profitability of our securitization transactions. Also, transaction costs incurred in executing transactions impact the profitability of our securitization transactions and any liability that we may incur, or may be required to reserve for, in connection with executing a transaction can cause a loss to us. To the extent that we are not able to profitably execute future securitizations of residential mortgage loans or other assets, including for the reasons described above or for other reasons, it could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. 18 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks of Ownership of Our Common Stock Our charter does not permit ownership of over 9.8% in number of shares or value of our common stock or any class of our preferred stock. To maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of the outstanding shares of our capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the federal tax laws to include certain entities). For the purpose of preserving our REIT qualification and for other reasons, our charter prohibits direct or constructive ownership by any person of more than 9.8% of the total number or value of any class of our outstanding common stock or any class of our preferred stock. Our charter s constructive ownership rules are complex and may cause the outstanding stock owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8% of the outstanding shares of any class of common stock or any class of our preferred stock by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity to own constructively in excess of 9.8% of the outstanding shares of such class of stock and thus be subject to our charter s ownership limit. Any attempt to own or transfer shares of our common stock or preferred stock in excess of the ownership limit without the consent of the Board shall be void, or, alternatively, will result in the shares being transferred by operation of law to a charitable trust. Our Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, may waive or modify the ownership limit with respect to one or more persons who would not be treated as individuals if it is satisfied that ownership in excess of this limit will not otherwise jeopardize our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The ownership limit may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control and, therefore, could adversely affect our stockholders ability to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price for our stock in connection with a change in control. Provisions contained in Maryland law have anti-takeover effects, potentially preventing investors from receiving a control premium for their shares. Provisions contained in our charter and bylaws, as well as the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL ), have anti-takeover effects that could delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt, which may prevent stockholders from receiving a control premium for their shares. For example, these provisions may defer or prevent tender offers for our common stock or purchases of large blocks of our common stock, thereby limiting the opportunities for our stockholders to receive a premium for their common stock over then-prevailing market prices. These provisions include the following: Ownership limit. The ownership limit in our charter limits related investors including, among other things, any voting group, from acquiring over 9.8% of any class our common stock or of our preferred stock, in each case, in number of shares or value, without the consent of our Board. Preferred Stock. Our charter authorizes our Board to issue preferred stock in one or more classes and to establish the preferences and rights of any class of preferred stock issued. These actions can be taken without soliciting stockholder approval. Maryland Business Combination Act. The Maryland Business Combination Act provides that, subject to certain exceptions and limitations, certain business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of our then outstanding shares of stock) or an affiliate of any interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes two super-majority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations, unless, among other conditions, our common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined in the MGCL, for their shares of stock and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares of stock. We have opted out of the Maryland Business Combination Act in our charter. However, if we amend our charter to opt back in to the statute, subject to stockholder approval, the Maryland Business Combination Act could have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire us and of increasing the difficulty of consummating any such offers, even if our acquisition would be in our stockholders best interests. Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act. The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act provides that, subject to certain exceptions, holders of control shares (defined as voting shares that, when aggregated with all other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares ) have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding 19 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS shares owned by the acquirer, by our officers, or by our employees who are also directors of our company. We are currently subject to the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act. Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL: These provisions of the MGCL permit our Board of Directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses, including adopting a classified board or increasing the vote required to remove a director. We have not established a minimum dividend payment level and cannot assure stockholders of our ability to pay dividends in the future. We intend to pay quarterly dividends and to make distributions to our stockholders in amounts such that all or substantially all of our taxable income in each year (subject to certain adjustments) is distributed. This enables us to qualify for the tax benefits accorded to a REIT under the Code. We have not established a minimum dividend payment level and our ability to pay dividends may be adversely affected for the reasons described in this section. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our REIT status and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant from time to time. Our reported GAAP financial results may not be an accurate indicator of future taxable income and dividend distributions. Generally, the cumulative net income we report over the life of an asset will be the same for GAAP and tax purposes, although the timing of this income recognition over the life of the asset could be materially different. Differences exist in the accounting for GAAP net income and REIT taxable income that have in the past and may in the future lead to significant variances in the amount and timing of when income and losses are recognized under these two measures. Due to these differences, our reported GAAP financial results could materially differ from our determination of taxable income. Compliance, Regulatory & Legal Risks Accounting rules related to certain of our transactions are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. Our application of GAAP produces financial results that fluctuate from one period to another. Accounting rules for valuations of investments, mortgage loan sales and securitizations, investment consolidations, acquisitions of real estate and other aspects of our operations are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. These complexities could lead to a delay in preparation of financial information and the delivery of this information to our stockholders. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions have in the past and may in the future impact our financial statements and our ability to prepare our financial statements in a timely fashion. Our inability to prepare our financial statements in a timely fashion in the future would likely adversely affect our share price significantly. The fair value at which our assets may be recorded may not be an indication of their realizable value. Ultimate realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions. Further, fair value is only an estimate based on good faith judgment of the price at which an investment can be sold since market prices of investments can only be determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. If we were to liquidate a particular asset, the realized value may be more than or less than the amount at which such asset was recorded. Accordingly, the value of our common shares has in the past and may in the future be adversely affected by our determinations regarding the fair value of our investments, whether in the applicable period or in the future. Additionally, such valuations may fluctuate over short periods of time. We have made certain accounting elections which may result in volatility in our periodic net income, as computed in accordance with GAAP. For example, changes in fair value of certain instruments are reflected in GAAP net income (loss) while others are reflected in Other comprehensive income (loss). Any new laws, regulations or administrative actions modifying the relationship between Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the federal government could affect our business model or business operations. The interest and principal payments we expect to receive on the Agency mortgage-backed securities in which we invest are guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. Principal and interest payments on Ginnie Mae certificates are directly guaranteed by the U.S. government. Principal and interest payments relating to the securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are only guaranteed by each respective Agency. In September 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were placed into the conservatorship of the FHFA. In addition to the conservatorships, the U.S. Department of the Treasury has entered into, and from time to time modified, Preferred Stock 20 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Purchase Agreements and related arrangements with the FHFA and has taken various actions intended to provide Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with additional liquidity in an effort to ensure their financial stability. In January 2025, the FHFA and the U.S. Department of the Treasury under the Biden Administration announced modifications to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements to help ensure that the eventual release of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from conservatorship will be orderly and reflect certain existing practices, and the FHFA indicated that it would solicit public input before releasing either Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac from conservatorship. We cannot predict if, when or how the conservatorships will end, or what associated changes, if any, may be made to the structure, mandate or overall business practices of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The U.S. housing finance system, including the role of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the nature and structure of their guaranty obligations, remains subject to significant uncertainty and may be affected by legislative action, regulatory action or administrative initiatives. The Trump Administration has publicly discussed significant potential changes to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that could affect their roles, which could be significantly modified, and the nature and structure of their guarantees, which could be eliminated or considerably reduced. The U.S. Treasury could also alter the amount or nature of the credit support provided to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the future. Any changes to the nature and structure of the guarantees provided by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could redefine what constitutes an Agency mortgage-backed security and could have broad adverse market implications, including potentially adversely affecting the types of assets we can buy, the costs of these assets, the terms on which we can finance them and our business operations. A potential reduction in the ability of mortgage loan originators to access Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to sell their mortgage loans may adversely affect the mortgage markets generally and adversely affect the ability of mortgagors to refinance their mortgage loans. In addition, any decline in the value of securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may affect the value of MBS in general. If Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac was eliminated, or their structures were to change in a material manner that is not compatible with our business model, we would not be able to acquire Agency mortgage-backed securities from these entities, which could adversely affect our business operations. The Truth in Lending Act or other similar consumer protection laws and regulations expose an owner of whole mortgage loans and mortgage servicing rights to potential civil and administrative liability. Residential mortgage loan originators and servicers are required to comply with various federal, state and local laws and regulations, including anti-predatory lending laws and laws and regulations imposing certain restrictions on requirements on high-cost loans. If loans in our portfolio are found to have been originated in violation of predatory or abusive lending laws, we could incur losses that would materially adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to, or affected by, numerous regulations, including regulations regarding mortgage loan servicing, underwriting, and loan originator compensation and others that could be issued in the future. The CFPB, among other federal and state regulators, historically had broad authority to promulgate rules, supervise compliance and bring enforcement actions under these laws and regulations. Many mortgage lending and servicing standards that affect market practices and disclosures were adopted through CFPB rulemaking and guidance. Recent developments have resulted in significant agency-level changes at the CFPB, including the withdrawal of a substantial number of interpretative rules, policy statements and other guidance documents and uncertainty regarding the CFPB s funding, examination activity and enforcement capacity. These changes may reduce the volume and predictability of regulatory activity led by the CFPB, shift enforcement emphasis away from certain priorities established under prior administrations or otherwise alter how consumer financial laws are interpreted and enforced. As a result, compliance expectations are more uncertain, and enforcement of the Truth in Lending Act or related laws may shift to other federal agencies, state regulators or state attorneys general, potentially leading to inconsistent regulatory approaches across jurisdictions and increased litigation and compliance costs. It is also possible that expected changes in regulation and enforcement do not occur, or are reversed by a subsequent administration. We are unable to fully predict how laws or regulations that may be adopted in the future will affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, or the environment for repurchase financing and other forms of borrowing, the investing environment for Agency MBS, non-Agency MBS and/or residential mortgage, and MSR. Our Residential Credit and MSR businesses are subject to complex and evolving legal and regulatory requirements, including how we oversee and are responsible for the actions of our third-party service providers, which exposes us to increased compliance, legal, and regulatory risk. While we are not required to obtain licenses to purchase mortgage-backed securities, the purchase of residential mortgage loans and certain business purpose mortgage loans in the secondary market requires us to maintain various state licenses. Acquiring the right to service residential mortgage loans and certain business purpose mortgage loans also requires us to maintain various state licenses, even though we currently do not expect to directly engage in loan servicing ourselves. Furthermore, we are 21 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS required to comply with various information reporting and other regulatory requirements to maintain our licenses, and there is no assurance that we will be able to satisfy those requirements or other regulatory requirements applicable to our businesses of acquiring and servicing mortgage loans on an ongoing basis. Our failure to obtain or maintain required licenses or our failure to comply with regulatory requirements that are applicable to our businesses of acquiring and servicing mortgage loans may restrict our Residential Credit and MSR businesses and investment options and could harm our businesses and expose us to penalties or other claims. Although we utilize unaffiliated servicing companies to carry out the actual servicing of MSR and the loans we purchase together with the related MSR (including all direct interface with the borrowers), we are ultimately responsible, vis- -vis the borrowers and state and federal regulators, for ensuring that the loans and MSR are serviced in accordance with the terms of the related loans and mortgages and applicable law and regulation. To manage this risk, we have a robust process that monitors the activities of the third party servicers. This oversight process is also subject to regulatory requirements and expectations that we are expected to meet. Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or our failure to comply with those laws or regulations affects our business. We are subject to regulation by laws at the local, state and federal level, including securities and tax laws and financial accounting and reporting standards. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, may be changed from time to time and result in enhanced disclosure obligations. These regulations are complex, and there is no assurance that a court or regulator will not determine that we have materially failed to comply. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations or the failure to comply with these laws or regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business. Certain of these laws and regulations pertain specifically to REITs. Evolving environmental, social and governance-related disclosure requirements and climate-related risks could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations and reporting frameworks regarding environmental and climate-related matters. These requirements may differ across jurisdictions and may change over time, which could increase our compliance costs, require additional data collection and internal controls and expose us to regulatory scrutiny, litigation or reputational risk if our disclosures are challenged as inaccurate, incomplete or misleading. Moreover, we may be subject to expectations regarding environmental, social and governance matters by investors or other stakeholders. At the same time, practices relating to environmental, social and governance matters have become the target of evolving federal and state laws, regulations and policy initiatives aimed at restricting or discouraging the considerations of such matters in business or investment decisions. These diverging standards and expectations may subject us to increased scrutiny from stakeholders and governmental bodies with respect to business practices and company activities related to environmental, social and governance topics and climate change, which could result in reputational harm, litigation and other adverse consequences. In addition, actual or perceived effects of climate change could negatively impact house prices, housing-related costs, and borrower behavior. The timing and financial impact of these matters remain uncertain, but they could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding data privacy and security, which increases the cost of doing business, compliance risks and potential liability. We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations relating to data privacy and the security of personal information, and any failure to comply with these laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. The legal and regulatory environment surrounding data privacy and security in the U.S. and international jurisdictions is constantly evolving. New business initiatives have increased, and may continue to increase, the extent to which we are subject to such U.S. and international data privacy and security regulations. As new data privacy and security-related laws, regulations, rules and standards are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws, regulations, rules and standards, as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and reporting obligations in the case of cyberattacks, information security breaches or other similar incidents, may significantly increase. Compliance with these laws, regulations, rules and standards may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to operational failures and to monetary penalties for breach of such laws, regulations, rules and standards. 22 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS In the U.S., there are numerous federal, state and local data privacy and security laws and regulations governing the collection, sharing, use, retention, disclosure, security, storage, transfer and other processing of personal information. At the federal level, we are subject to, among other laws and regulations, the Gramm Leach Bliley Act (which regulates the confidentiality and security of customer information obtained by financial institutions and certain other types of financial services businesses) and regulations under it. Additionally, numerous states have enacted, or are in the process of enacting or considering, comprehensive state-level data privacy and security laws and regulations. Moreover, laws in all 50 U.S. states require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. Further, when required by applicable laws, regulations, rules and industry standards, we strive to provide or cause our service providers to provide privacy policies which are accurate and comprehensive. We cannot, however, ensure that the disclosure of these privacy policies and other statements regarding our practices will be sufficient to protect us from claims, proceedings, liability or adverse publicity relating to data privacy and security or with respect to the legally permissible sharing of data. Although we endeavor to comply with our privacy policies and to ensure our service providers do the same, occurrence or allegations of noncompliance are possible and could subject us to potential government or legal action, including action based on arguments that the publication of these policies were deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Any concerns about our data privacy and security practices, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, or applicable data privacy and security laws, regulations, rules, standards or contractual obligations, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or unauthorized loss, destruction, use, modification, acquisition, disclosure, release or transfer of personal information, may result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, the expenditure of substantial costs, time and other resources, proceedings or actions against us, legal liability, governmental investigations, enforcement actions, claims, fines, judgments, awards, penalties, sanctions and costly litigation (including class actions). Any of the foregoing could harm our reputation, distract our management and technical personnel, increase our costs of doing business, adversely affect the demand for our products and services, and ultimately result in the imposition of liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with sponsoring, investing in and managing new funds and other investment accounts, including potential regulatory risks. We have, and may in the future, sponsor, manage and serve as general partner and/or manager of new funds or investment accounts. Such sponsorship and management of, and investment in, such funds and accounts may involve risks not otherwise present with a direct investment in such funds and accounts target investments, including, for example: the possibility that investors in the funds/accounts might become bankrupt or otherwise be unable to meet their capital commitment obligations; that operating and/or management agreements of a fund/account may restrict our ability to transfer or liquidate our interest when we desire or on advantageous terms; that our relationships with the investors will be generally contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the agreements, or we may be removed as general partner and/or manager (with or without cause), and in such event, we may not continue to manage or invest in the applicable fund/account; that disputes between us and the investors may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business and result in subjecting the investments owned by the applicable fund/account to additional risk; and that we may incur liability for obligations of a fund/account by reason of being its general partner or manager. We have a subsidiary that is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act. As a result, we are subject to the anti-fraud provisions of the Investment Advisers Act and to fiduciary duties derived from these provisions that apply to our relationships with that subsidiary s clients. These provisions and duties impose restrictions and obligations on us with respect to our dealings with our subsidiary s clients, including, for example, restrictions on agency, cross and principal transactions. Our registered investment adviser subsidiary is subject to periodic SEC examinations and other requirements under the Investment Advisers Act and related regulations primarily intended to benefit advisory clients. These additional requirements relate to, among other things, maintaining an effective and comprehensive compliance program, recordkeeping and reporting requirements and disclosure requirements. The Investment Advisers Act generally grants the SEC broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict an investment adviser from conducting advisory activities in the event it fails to comply with federal securities laws. Additional sanctions that may be imposed for failure to comply with 23 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS applicable requirements under the Investment Advisers Act include the prohibition of individuals from associating with an investment adviser, the revocation of registrations and other censures and fines. We may in the future be required to register one or more entities as a commodity pool operator or commodity trading adviser, subjecting those entities to the regulations and oversight of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the National Futures Association. We may also become subject to various international regulations on the asset management industry. Loss of our Investment Company Act exemption from registration would adversely affect us. We intend to conduct our business so as not to become regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We currently rely on the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(5)(C), as interpreted by the staff of the SEC, requires us to invest at least 55% of our assets in mortgages and other liens on and interest in real estate ( Qualifying Real Estate Assets ) and at least 80% of our assets in Qualifying Real Estate Assets plus our other real estate related assets. The assets that we acquire, therefore, are limited by this provision of the Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under the Investment Company Act. We rely on an SEC interpretation that whole pool certificates that are issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae ( Agency Whole Pool Certificates ) are Qualifying Real Estate Assets under Section 3(c)(5)(C). This interpretation was promulgated by the SEC staff in a no-action letter in the 1980s, was reaffirmed by the SEC in 1992 and has been commonly relied upon by mortgage REITs. On August 31, 2011, the SEC issued a concept release titled Companies Engaged in the Business of Acquiring Mortgages and Mortgage-Related Instruments (SEC Release No. IC-29778). In this concept release, the SEC announced it was reviewing interpretive issues related to the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exemption. Among other things, the SEC requested comments on whether it should revisit whether Agency Whole Pool Certificates may be treated as interests in real estate (and presumably Qualifying Real Estate Assets) and whether companies, such as us, whose primary business consists of investing in Agency Whole Pool Certificates are the type of entities that Congress intended to be encompassed by the exclusion provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C). If the SEC changes its views regarding which securities are Qualifying Real Estate Assets or real estate related assets, adopts a contrary interpretation with respect to Agency Whole Pool Certificates or otherwise believes we do not satisfy the exemption under Section 3(c)(5)(C), we could be required to restructure our activities or sell certain of our assets. The net effect of these factors will be to lower our net interest income, which could negatively affect the market price of shares of our capital stock and our ability to distribute dividends. If we fail to qualify for exemption from registration as an investment company, our ability to use leverage would be substantially reduced, and we would not be able to conduct our business as described. Our business will be materially and adversely affected if we fail to qualify for this exemption. Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT Our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would have adverse tax consequences. We believe that since 1997 we have qualified for taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code. We plan to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. The determination that we are a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters and circumstances that may not be totally within our control. For example, to maintain our qualification as a REIT, at least 75% of our gross income must come from real estate sources and 95% of our gross income must come from real estate sources and certain other sources that are itemized in the REIT tax laws. Additionally, our ability to satisfy the REIT asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. The proper classification of an instrument as debt or equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be uncertain in some circumstances, which could affect the application of the REIT asset requirements. We are also required to distribute to stockholders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding any net capital gain). Even a technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize our REIT status. Furthermore, Congress and the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) might make changes to the tax laws and regulations, and the courts might issue new rulings that make it more difficult or impossible for us to remain qualified as a REIT. We also indirectly own interests in entities that have elected to be taxed as REITs under the U.S. federal income tax laws, or Subsidiary REITs. Subsidiary REITs are subject to the various REIT qualification requirements that are applicable to us. If any Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to regular U.S. federal, state, and local corporate income tax, (ii) our interest in such Subsidiary REIT would cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and (iii) it is possible that we would fail certain of the REIT asset tests, in which event we also would fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. While we believe that the Subsidiary REITs have qualified as REITs under the Code, we have joined each Subsidiary REIT in filing protective 24 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS TRS elections under Section 856(l) of the Code. We cannot assure you that such protective TRS elections would be effective to avoid adverse consequences to us. Moreover, even if the protective TRS elections were to be effective, the Subsidiary REITs would be subject to regular corporate income tax, and we cannot assure you that we would not fail to satisfy the requirement that not more than 25% of the value of our total assets may be represented by the securities of one or more TRSs. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates. Also, unless the IRS were to grant us relief under certain statutory provisions, we would remain disqualified as a REIT for four years following the year we first fail to qualify. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we would have to pay significant income taxes and would therefore have less money available for investments or for distributions to our stockholders. This would likely have a significant adverse effect on the value of our equity. In addition, the tax law would no longer require us to make distributions to our stockholders. A REIT that fails the quarterly asset tests for one or more quarters will not lose its REIT status as a result of such failure if either (i) the failure is regarded as a de minimis failure under standards set out in the Code, or (ii) the failure is greater than a de minimis failure but is attributable to reasonable cause and not willful neglect. In the case of a greater than de minimis failure, however, the REIT must pay a tax and must remedy the failure within six months of the close of the quarter in which the failure was identified. In addition, the Code provides relief for failures of other tests imposed as a condition of REIT qualification, as long as the failures are attributable to reasonable cause and not willful neglect. A REIT would be required to pay a penalty of $50,000, however, in the case of each failure. Our distribution requirements limit our flexibility and could affect our ability to execute our business plan. As a REIT, we must distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding any net capital gain). The required distribution limits the amount we have available for other business purposes, including amounts to fund our growth. Also, it is possible that because of the differences between the time we actually receive revenue or pay expenses and the period we report those items for distribution purposes, we may have to borrow funds on a short-term basis to meet the 90% distribution requirement. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100% of our taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a non-deductible 4% excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the REIT qualification requirements of the Code. From time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than our income for financial reporting purposes prepared in accordance with GAAP, or differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash may occur. For example, if we purchase Agency or non-Agency securities at a discount, we generally are required to accrete the discount into taxable income prior to receiving the cash proceeds of the accreted discount at maturity, and in some cases, potentially recognize the discount in taxable income once such amounts are reflected in our financial statements. If we do not have other funds available in these situations we could be required to (i) borrow funds on unfavorable terms, (ii) sell investments at disadvantageous prices, (iii) distribute our own stock, or (iv) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement and to avoid the corporate income tax and 4% excise tax in a particular year. Also, we or our subsidiaries may hold debt investments that could require subsequent modifications. If an amendment to an outstanding debt is a significant modification for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the modified debt may be deemed to have been reissued in a debt-for-debt taxable exchange with the borrower. This deemed reissuance could result in a portion of the modified debt not qualifying as a good REIT asset if the underlying security has declined in value, and would cause us to recognize income to the extent the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our adjusted tax basis in the unmodified debt. These scenarios could increase our costs or reduce our stockholders equity. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our stock. Conversely, from time to time, we may generate taxable income less than our income for financial reporting purposes due to GAAP and tax accounting differences or, as mentioned above, the timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash. In such circumstances we may make distributions according to our business plan that are within our wherewithal from an economic or cash management perspective, but that are labeled as return of capital for tax reporting purposes, as they are in excess of taxable income in that period. 25 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business taxable income. Neither ordinary nor capital gain distributions with respect to our stock nor gain from the sale of our stock are anticipated to constitute unrelated business taxable income to a tax-exempt investor. However, there are certain exceptions to this rule. In particular: part of the income and gain recognized by certain qualified employee pension trusts with respect to our stock may be treated as unrelated business taxable income if shares of our stock are predominantly held by qualified employee pension trusts, and we are required to rely on a special look-through rule for purposes of meeting one of the REIT ownership tests, and we are not operated in a manner to avoid treatment of such income or gain as unrelated business taxable income; part of the income and gain recognized by a tax-exempt investor with respect to our stock would constitute unrelated business taxable income if the investor incurs debt in order to acquire the stock; part or all of the income or gain recognized with respect to our stock by social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts and qualified group legal services plans which are exempt from U.S. federal income taxation under the Code may be treated as unrelated business taxable income; to the extent that we (or a part of us, or a di
