. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. If any of the risks described below actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. In that event, the trading prices of securities of NHI could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In addition to the risks listed below, risks not currently known to us or that we now deem immaterial may also harm us and affect your investment. INDEX Risks Relating to the Business Environment 1 Our business may be materially affected by financial markets, economic conditions and market fluctuations in Japan and elsewhere around the world, including the ones caused by geopolitical events (1) Governmental fiscal and monetary policy changes in Japan, or in any other countries or regions where we conduct business may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations (2) Extended market declines and decreases in market participants can reduce liquidity and lead to material losses (3) Natural disaster, geopolitical event and infectious disease could adversely affect our business 2 The financial services industry faces intense competition (1) Competition with other financial firms and financial services by non-financial companies is increasing (2) Increased consolidation and reorganization, business alliance and cooperation in the financial services industry mean increased competition for us (3) Our global business continues to face intense competition and may require further revisions of our business model 3 Event risk, including the ones caused by geopolitical events, may cause losses in our trading and investment assets as well as market and liquidity risk 4 Sustainability factors including climate change and broader associated policy changes in each jurisdiction could adversely affect our business Risks Relating to Our Businesses 5 Our business may incur losses due to various factors in the conduct of its operations (1) We may incur significant losses from our trading and investment activities (2) Holding large and concentrated positions of securities and other assets may expose us to significant losses (3) Our hedging strategies may not prevent losses (4) Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in managing risk (5) Market risk may increase other risks that we face (6) Our brokerage and asset management revenues may decline (7) Our investment banking revenues may decline 3 Table of Contents 6 We may be exposed to losses when third parties do not perform their obligations to us (1) Defaults by a large financial institution could adversely affect the financial markets generally and us specifically (2) There can be no assurance as to the accuracy of the information about our credit risk, or the sufficiency of the collateral we use in managing it (3) Our clients and counterparties may be unable to perform their obligations to us as a result of political or economic conditions 7 We are exposed to model risk, i.e., risk of financial loss, incorrect decision making, or damage to our credibility arising from model errors or incorrect or inappropriate model application 8 NHI is a holding company and depends on payments from its subsidiaries 9 We may not be able to realize gains we expect, and may even suffer losses, on our investments in equity securities and non-trading debt securities 10 We may face an outflow of clients assets due to losses incurred within cash reserve funds or debt securities we offer to clients Risks Relating to Our Financial Position 11 We may have to recognize impairment losses with regard to the amount of goodwill, tangible assets and intangible assets recognized on our consolidated balance sheets 12 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial condition (1) We may be unable to access unsecured or secured funding (2) We may be unable to sell assets (3) Lowering of our credit ratings could impact our funding 13 Equity investments in affiliates and other investees accounted for under the equity method in our consolidated financial statements may decline significantly over a period of time and result in us recognizing impairment losses Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Other Operational Issues 14 Operational risk could adversely affect our business 15 Reputational risk could adversely affect our business 16 We may identify a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, indicating that our internal control over financial reporting may not be effective 17 Misconduct, fraud or other criminal activity by an employee, director or officer, or any third party, could occur, and our reputation in the market and our relationships with clients could be harmed 18 A failure to identify and appropriately address conflicts of interest could adversely affect our business 19 Our business is subject to substantial legal and regulatory risks (1) Legal liability related to our business may occur and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations 4 Table of Contents (2) Extensive regulation of our businesses limits our activities and may subject us to significant penalties and losses (3) Tightening of regulations applicable to the financial system and financial industry could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations (4) Deferred tax assets may be impacted due to a change in business condition or in laws and regulations, resulting in an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition (5) Defects in our anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing measures could have serious consequences such as, administrative penalties or punitive fines 20 Unauthorized disclosure or misuse of personal information held by us may adversely affect our business 21 System failure, information leakage and cost of maintaining sufficient cybersecurity could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations 22 Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire, retain and develop qualified personnel Risks Related to Holding or Trading of NHI Shares and ADSs 23 Because of daily price range limitations under Japanese stock exchange rules, you may not be able to sell your shares of NHI Shares at a particular price on any particular trading day, or at all 24 Under Japan s unit share system, holders of shares of NHI Shares constituting less than one unit are subject to transfer, voting and other restrictions 25 As a holder of ADSs, you will have fewer rights than a shareholder has and you will have to act through the depositary to exercise these rights 26 Rights of shareholders under Japanese law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions 27 The Company s shareholders of record on a record date may not receive the dividend they anticipate 28 It may not be possible for investors to secure personal jurisdiction within the U.S. over the Company or the Company s directors or executive officers, or to enforce against the Company or those persons judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the U.S. Special Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements Risks Relating to the Business Environment 1. Our business may be materially affected by financial markets, economic conditions and market fluctuations in Japan and elsewhere around the world, including the ones caused by geopolitical events Our business and revenues may be affected by any adverse changes or volatility in the Japanese and global economic environments and financial markets. In addition, not only purely economic factors but also military dispute, acts of terrorism, economic or political sanctions, pandemics, forecasts of geopolitical risks and 5 Table of Contents geopolitical events which have actually occurred, natural disasters or other similar events could have an effect on the financial markets and economies of each country. If any adverse events including those discussed above were to occur, a market or economic downturn may last for a long period of time, which could adversely affect our business and business continuity readiness, and can result in us incurring substantial losses. In addition to conditions in financial markets, social conditions such as the long-term trends of population aging and population decline faced by Japan are expected to continue to put downward pressure on demand in the businesses in which we operate. The following are certain risks related to the financial markets and economic conditions for our specific businesses. (1) Governmental fiscal and monetary policy changes in Japan, or in any other countries or regions where we conduct business may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations We engage in our business globally through domestic and international offices. Governmental fiscal, monetary and other policy changes in Japan, or in any other countries or regions where we conduct business may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any changes to the monetary policy of the Bank of Japan or central banks in major economies worldwide, which could potentially lead to volatility of interest rate or yields may negatively affect our ability to provide asset management products to our clients as well as our trading and investment activities. Recently, the Bank of Japan ended its negative interest rate policy in March 2024, and further raised the rate in July 2024 and January 2025. While so far, such changes have not materially affected our business, the future of the Bank of Japan s policies and the potential effect of such changes on our business remain uncertain. Furthermore, due to policy shifts resulting from the change of government in the United States in 2025, as well as defeats of ruling parties in many countries in national level elections held in 2024, there is an increasing uncertainty regarding policy changes. The impact on our business from the broader risks posed by increased uncertainty is unclear. (2) Extended market declines and decreases in market participants can reduce liquidity and lead to material losses Extended market declines can reduce the level of market activity and the liquidity of the assets traded in those markets in which we operate. Market liquidity may also be affected by decreases in market participants, for example, if financial institutions scale back market-related businesses due to increasing regulation or other reasons. As a result, it may be difficult for us to sell, hedge or value such assets. In the event that a market fails in pricing such assets, it will be difficult to estimate their values. If we cannot properly close out or hedge our associated positions in a timely manner or in full, particularly with respect to Over-The-Counter ( OTC ) derivatives, we may incur substantial losses. Further, if the liquidity of a market significantly decreases and the market becomes unable to price financial instruments held by us, this could lead to unanticipated losses. (3) Natural disaster, geopolitical event and infectious disease could adversely affect our business We have developed a business continuity plan for addressing unexpected situations and conduct crisis management exercises which include employee notification tests. This includes the establishment of an emergency command center in the event of an actual disaster to ensure the safety of our officers, employees and others, prevent the expansion of damages, and maintain our business continuity readiness. We also continue to ensure that we can maintain operational resilience (which refers to the ability to continue to provide important business services at a minimum level that should be maintained in the event of a system failure, cyberattack or natural disaster). However, events such as natural disasters, geopolitical events or infectious diseases could exceed the assumptions of our plan and our framework, and we may not always be able to respond to every situation. As a result, our officers and employees may become unable to execute their duties, and our facilities, systems, or communication networks may not function, adversely affecting our business continuity management. Moreover, Japan, where Nomura has its group head office, is prone to natural disasters such as earthquakes and tsunamis. For example, analyses by the Japanese government in 2024 showed a significant probability of severe earthquakes affecting Tokyo and other major metropolitan areas in Japan occurring within the next 30 years. 6 Table of Contents Geopolitical events include cases such as armed conflict or heightened military tensions, acts of terrorism, political instability, and trade fragmentation. 2. The financial services industry faces intense competition Our businesses are intensely competitive, and are expected to remain so. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including transaction execution capability, our products and services, innovation, reputation and price. We continue to experience intense price competition, particularly in brokerage, investment banking and other businesses. (1) Competition with other financial firms and financial services by non-financial companies is increasing We face intense competition in the financial services sector from a wide variety of competitors. We compete with other independent securities firms as well as securities firms affiliated with commercial banks and with firms that have broad footprints across regions. As a result, our market shares and commissions earned in the sales and trading, investment banking and Wealth Management businesses in particular have been affected. We face intense competition beyond the traditional financial sector based on the increasing digitalization of the industry, not only with the rise of online securities firms but also FinTech companies and the entry of non-financial companies into the financial services sector. In order to address such changes in the competitive landscape, we continue to adopt and transform our business models through various measures. However, these measures may not be successful in growing or maintaining our market share in this increasingly fierce competitive environment, and we may lose business or transactions to our competitors, harming our business and results of operations. (2) Increased consolidation and reorganization, business alliance and cooperation in the financial services industry mean increased competition for us There has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry. In particular, a number of large commercial banks and other broad-based large financial services groups have established or acquired broker-dealers or have consolidated with other financial institutions. These large financial services groups have developed business linkage within their respective groups in order to provide comprehensive financial services to clients, offering a wide range of products, including loans, deposit-taking, insurance, brokerage, asset management and investment banking services within their group, which may enhance their competitive position compared with us. They also have the ability to supplement their investment banking and brokerage businesses with commercial banking and other financial services revenues in an effort to gain market share. In addition, the financial services industry has seen collaboration beyond the borders of businesses and industries, such as alliances between commercial banks and securities companies outside of the framework of existing corporate groups and recent alliances with non-financial companies including emerging companies. Our competitiveness may be adversely affected if our competitors are able to expand their businesses and improve their profitability through such business alliances. We also enter into strategic alliances, make investments and launch new businesses. However, if the development and implementation of these business strategies do not proceed as expected, we may not be able to achieve the expected synergies and other benefits or recoup related investments. These new business initiatives and acquisitions may subject us to increased risk as we engage in new activities, transact with a broader array of clients and counterparties and expose ourselves to new asset classes and new markets. (3) Our global business continues to face intense competition and may require further revision of our business model We continue to believe there are significant opportunities in the international markets, but there is also significant competition associated with such opportunities. In order to take advantage of these opportunities, we will have to compete successfully with financial services firms based in important non-Japanese markets, including the U.S., Europe and Asia. We have been working to rebuild our global business platform, under which 7 Table of Contents we aim to transform our business portfolio and pivot towards client businesses and growth areas. The acquisition of Greentech Capital, LLC ( Greentech ) in 2020 and sale of stake of Capital Nomura Securities Public Company Limited in 2023 are examples of reviewing our business platform both organically and inorganically. We will continue to review our entire business portfolio while looking at the competitive environment, and intend to implement our strategies in consideration of potential risks. However, the risk remains that we may be required to incur greater costs and expenses than we expect, or to commit greater financial, management and other resources to the strategies than we expect, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Moreover, the assumptions and expectations upon which these strategies are based may not be accurate, which could lead to us realizing fewer benefits or synergies than we expect or could even harm our business and results of operations. Furthermore, to the extent we reduce compensation or headcount as part of this strategy, our ability to attract and retain the employees needed to successfully run our businesses could be adversely affected. We may also be unsuccessful in designing a streamlined management structure, which could harm our ability to properly control or supervise our many businesses across the world. 3. Event risk, including the ones caused by geopolitical events, may cause losses in our trading and investment assets as well as market and liquidity risk Event risk refers to potential losses we may suffer through unpredictable events that cause large unexpected market price movements such as natural or man-made disasters, epidemics, acts of terrorism, military disputes or political instability, as well as adverse events specifically affecting our business activities or counterparties. These events include not only significant events such as the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation in 2022, and the geopolitical tensions in the Middle East but also more specifically the following types of events that could cause losses in our trading and investment assets: sudden and significant reductions in credit ratings with regard to financial instruments held by our trading and investment businesses by major rating agencies, sudden changes in trading, tax, accounting, regulatory requirements, laws and other related rules which may make our trading strategy obsolete, less competitive or no longer viable, or an unexpected failure in a corporate transaction in which we participate resulting in us not receiving the consideration we should have received, as well as bankruptcy, deliberate acts of fraud, and administrative penalty with respect to the issuers of our trading and investment assets. 4. Sustainability factors including climate change and broader associated policy changes in each jurisdiction could adversely affect our business We consider climate change one of the most important global challenges facing society. The direct impact of climate change (physical risk), and the resulting changes in the business environment (transition risk) could cause us to incur losses. In addition, increasing attention to the management of sustainability matters such as decarbonization, enhancement of corporate governance, and the resolution of social issues in our business makes it imperative that we continue to develop policies and capabilities in these areas, and that we act responsibly towards our stakeholders, including our shareholders, clients and society at large. However, amid rapidly changing circumstances around sustainability, there may be cases where we are deemed a lack of sufficient focus on sustainability matters such as the environment or human rights in our business activities, and we may not be able to provide sufficient support to clients facing trends such as the just transition to a low carbon economy or other sustainability-related initiatives. Furthermore, there may be cases where our disclosure of sustainability-related information is insufficient, where we are unable to adequately respond to the strengthening of regulations and the diversification of policies, or where it is perceived as such, and where it is evaluated that we are not adequately fulfilling our social responsibilities. 8 Table of Contents In such cases, there is a possibility that our reputation, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Risks Relating to Our Businesses 5. Our business may incur losses due to various factors in the conduct of its operations. (1) We may incur significant losses from our trading and investment activities We maintain trading and investment positions in fixed income, equity and other markets, both for the purpose of facilitating our clients trades and for proprietary purposes. Our positions consist of various types of assets such as interest rates, currency, credit, securitized products and equities, including securities, derivatives, repo as well as loan transactions. Fluctuations in the markets where these assets are traded can adversely affect the value of our positions. Although we continue to mitigate these position risks with a variety of hedging techniques, we may also incur losses if the value of these assets fluctuates or if the financial system is overly stressed and the markets move in a way we have not anticipated. In addition, prices of crypto-assets may fluctuate significantly due to various factors such as developments in the industry or in regulation of crypto assets. Our businesses have been, and may continue to be, affected by changes in market volatility levels. Certain of our trading businesses such as those engaged in trading and arbitrage opportunities depend on market volatility to generate revenues. Lower volatility may lead to a decrease in business opportunities which may affect the results of operations of these businesses. On the other hand, while higher volatility can increase trading volumes, it also increases risk as measured by Value-at-Risk ( VaR ). Higher volatility and wider bid offer spreads may expose us to higher risks in connection with our market-making and proprietary trading businesses, and can also cause us to reduce the outstanding positions or size of these businesses where we consider necessary. While we have implemented multiple measures designed to improve our risk management activities in response to the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event *, given that our business model involves significant trading activity, we may record significant losses as a result of such trading activity again in the future. Furthermore, we commit capital to take relatively large positions in connection with our underwriting or warehousing assets to facilitate certain capital market transactions. We also structure and take positions in pilot funds for developing financial investment products and invest seed money to set up and support financial investment products. We may incur significant losses from these positions in the event of significant market fluctuations. In addition, if we are the party providing collateral in a transaction, significant declines in the value of the collateral or a requirement to provide additional collateral due to a decline in our creditworthiness (by way of a lowered credit rating or otherwise) can increase our costs and reduce our profitability. On the other hand, if we are the party receiving collateral from our clients and counterparties, such declines may also affect our profitability due to decrease in client transactions. See also Risks Relating to Our Financial Position 12. Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial condition (3) Lowering of our credit ratings could impact our funding . * U.S. Prime Brokerage Event: We entered into certain transactions with a prime brokerage client in the United States comprising (i) total return swaps (the TRS transactions ), which are transactions that allow the client to obtain synthetic (i.e., derivative) long or short exposure to underlying individual equities or indices, as well as (ii) providing financing against a portfolio of securities in the client s cash prime brokerage account. To manage credit risk in relation to prime brokerage clients, we require that prime brokerage clients deposit collateral (referred to as margin ) in respect of their positions with us in accordance with the margin ratios applied to them. These margin ratios are 9 Table of Contents determined based on the results of an internal risk assessment of the specific client and the composition of the client s positions and may require that they post additional margin based on the effect of market movements on these ratios. TRS transactions are hedged from a market risk perspective by holding long or short positions in individual equities or indices and through derivative transactions, depending on the positions taken by the relevant client. Between January and March 2021, transaction amounts and volumes with the client increased significantly as a result of changes in market prices as well as new positions entered into by the client. However, in March 2021, the market value of certain securities in which the client held a large synthetic position experienced a sharp decline, after which we requested that the client deposit additional margin with us pursuant to our contractual agreements with the client. The client defaulted on its obligation to post additional margin, and we issued a closeout notice to the client. It became clear that the client had similar large positions with other financial institutions, and that the client had also defaulted on margin calls with these financial institutions. Although we endeavored to take a disciplined approach to unwind the positions and liquidate the hedges for the TRS transactions, taking into account both market impact and our own trading losses, due to the significant volume of positions being closed by both us and the other affected financial institutions and the effect on market prices, we recognized 204.2 billion of losses in earnings reported within Net gain on trading in the fourth quarter and the year ended March 31, 2021. We also recognized additional provisions for current expected credit losses of 41.6 billion in earnings reported within other expenses in the fourth quarter and the year ended March 31, 2021 against loans extended to the client collateralized by a cash portfolio of securities, reflecting the reduced likelihood of recovery on these lending transactions. All of the positions with the client were closed out and hedges liquidated by May 17, 2021, as a result of which we recognized losses of 65.4 billion in the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and the year ended March 31, 2022, of which 56.1 billion booked in Equities revenues as trading loss and 9.3 billion booked as loan loss provision in expenses. (2) Holding large and concentrated positions of securities and other assets may expose us to significant losses We regularly hold large and concentrated positions of certain securities in our businesses such as market-making, block trading, underwriting, asset securitization, prime brokerage, or providing business solutions to meet our clients needs. We have committed substantial amounts of capital to these businesses. This often requires us to take large positions in the securities of a particular issuer or issuers in a particular industry, country or region. Fluctuations in the prices of these positions can significantly affect the prices at which we are able to liquidate them when needed, resulting in us incurring significant trading losses, as occurred in the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event. We generally have higher exposure to counterparties engaged in financial services businesses, including commercial banks, broker-dealers, clearing houses, exchanges and investment companies. (3) Our hedging strategies may not prevent losses We use a variety of financial instruments and strategies to hedge our exposure to financial risks arising from the financial instruments we enter into for our clients or for proprietary purposes. If our hedging strategies are not effective, we may incur losses. We base many of our hedging strategies on historical trading patterns and correlations. For example, if we hold an asset, we may hedge this position by taking a position in another asset which has, historically, moved in a direction that would offset a change in value of the former asset. However, historical trading patterns and correlations may not continue, as seen in the case of past financial crises, and these hedging strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure because we are exposed to all types of risk in a variety of market environments. Moreover, not all hedging strategies are effective, and certain strategies may, if the risk is not otherwise appropriately managed, increase our risk. For example, many of the transactions leading to the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event entailed providing the client with TRS transactions exposure to certain equities. In order to hedge the total return payments, we were obligated to make to the client, we held long positions in the underlying equities. However, this specific hedging strategy was not intended to hedge the risk of a default by the client and the potential need to liquidate the underlying positions in a volatile 10 Table of Contents market environment. When such unhedged counterparty risk is realized, our hedging strategy of holding the underlying securities means that we are exposed to such market fluctuations, which may cause us to incur losses again in the future. (4) Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in managing risks Our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. Although some of our methods of managing risk are based upon observed historical market data, future movements in the financial markets may not be the same as was observed in the past. As a result, we may suffer significant losses through unexpected future risk exposures. Other risk management methods that we use also rely on our evaluation of information regarding markets, clients or other matters, which is publicly available or otherwise accessible by us. This information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated, and we may be unable to properly assess our risks, and thereby suffer large losses. Furthermore, certain factors, such as market volatility, may render our risk evaluation model unsuitable for a new market environment. In such event, we may become unable to evaluate or otherwise manage our risks adequately. Moreover, regardless of how well policies and procedures are designed, they must be properly implemented and followed in order to be effective, which may not always occur despite our diligent efforts. Further, potential weaknesses in our organization structures and governance frameworks may lead to misunderstanding roles and responsibilities. For example, with respect to the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event, we incurred significant losses through exposures to the client s counterparty risk and market risks relating to the securities underlying the prime brokerage transactions with the client. We have reviewed and are in the process of completing a number of actions to comprehensively review, revise and strengthen our risk management policies and procedures and the implementation thereof. While these actions are nearly complete, even when all the actions are completed, may not be sufficient to prevent similar exposure to such risks in the future, including to identify and rectify potential shortcomings, whether within the same business or among our many other business units, impairing the ability of such policies and procedures to prevent future losses. (5) Market risk may increase other risks that we face In addition to the potentially adverse effects on our businesses described above, market risk could exacerbate other risks that we face. For example, the risks inherent in financial instruments developed through financial engineering and innovation may be increased by market risk. Also, if we incur significant trading losses caused by our exposure to market risk, our need for liquidity could rise sharply while our access to cash may be impaired as a result of market perception of our credit risk. Furthermore, in a downturn in the market overall or for specific securities, our clients and counterparties could incur significant losses or experience other adverse events of their own, thereby weakening their financial condition and, as a result, increasing the credit risk they pose to us, such as occurred as part of the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event. (6) Our brokerage and asset management revenues may decline A market downturn could result in a decline in the revenues generated by our brokerage business because of a decline in the volume and value of securities that we broker for our clients. Also, within our asset management business, in most cases, we charge fees for managing our clients portfolios that are based on the market value of their portfolios. A market downturn that reduces the market value of our clients portfolios would reduce the revenue we receive from these businesses and might increase the number of withdrawals or reduce the number of new investments in these portfolios. Also, any changes in our clients investment preference on their asset portfolios, including shifting investment assets to deposits which are stable assets and passive funds which generate lower fee revenue, may also result in a decline in our revenues. 11 Table of Contents (7) Our investment banking revenues may decline Changes in financial or economic conditions would likely affect the number and size of transactions for which we provide securities underwriting, financial advisory and other investment banking services. Our investment banking revenues, which include fees from these services, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which we participate and would therefore decrease if there are financial and market changes unfavorable to our investment banking business and our clients. 6. We may be exposed to losses when third parties do not perform their obligations to us Our counterparties are from time to time indebted or otherwise owe certain obligations (such as with regards to the posting of collateral) to us as a result of transactions or contracts, including loans, commitments to lend, other contingent liabilities and derivative transactions. We may incur material losses when our counterparties default or fail to perform on their obligations to us due to their filing for bankruptcy, a deterioration in their creditworthiness, lack of liquidity, operational failure, an economic or political event, repudiation of the transaction or for other reasons. The U.S. Prime Brokerage Event, during which a U.S. prime brokerage client defaulted on obligations to us to post additional margin in respect of trading activities as well as to repay amounts lent against collateral held by us, is an example. Separately, in the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company recorded a loss of approximately 14 billion due to a failure to settle transactions between a subsidiary of the Company and a broker in the U.K. Although we establish and maintain allowances for credit losses, such allowances reflect management judgments and assumptions based on information available to us, which may provide incorrect or incomplete, and these judgments and assumptions may prove to be incorrect, potentially significantly so. We are also exposed to credit risk from holding securities issued by third parties as well as through the execution of securities, futures, currency or derivative transactions that fail to settle at the required time due to non-delivery by our counterparties such as financial institutions and hedge funds, or to systems failure by clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, etc. Issues related to third party credit risk may include the following: (1) Defaults by a large financial institution could adversely affect the financial markets generally and us specifically The commercial soundness of many financial institutions is closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships among the institutions. As a result, concern about the creditworthiness of or a default by, a certain financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems or losses in, or defaults by, other financial institutions. This may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges, with which we interact on a daily basis. Actual defaults, increases in perceived default risk and other similar events could arise in the future and could have an adverse effect on the financial markets and on us. (2) There can be no assurance as to the accuracy of the information about our credit risk, or the sufficiency of the collateral we use in managing it We regularly review our credit exposure to specific clients or counterparties and to specific countries and regions that we believe may present credit concerns. Default risk, however, may arise from events or circumstances that we do not detect, such as account-rigging and fraud. We may also fail to receive full information with respect to the risks of a counterparty, or to accurately manage and assess such information internally. For example, our credit risk assessments with respect to the client whose default led to the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event did not reflect the full extent of the client s relevant trading activity. In addition, in cases where we have extended credit against collateral, we may fall into a deficiency in value in the collateral if sudden declines in market values reduce the value of our collateral, as was the case with loans extended to the prime brokerage client leading in part to the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event. 12 Table of Contents (3) Our clients and counterparties may be unable to perform their obligations to us as a result of political or economic conditions Country, regional and political risks are components of credit risk, as well as market risk. Political or economic pressures in a country or region, including those arising from local market disruptions or currency crises, may adversely affect the ability of clients or counterparties located in that country or region to obtain credit or foreign exchange, and therefore to perform their obligations owed to us. 7. We are exposed to model risk, i.e., risk of financial loss, incorrect decision making, or damage to our credibility arising from model errors or incorrect or inappropriate model application We widely use models for various purposes including the valuation of illiquid derivative transactions or the estimation of the credit worthiness of certain counterparties. However, models are never perfect, and their use subjects us to model risk. Model errors or incorrect or inappropriate model applications could lead to incorrect decision making, financial losses or damage our credibility. 8. NHI is a holding company and depends on payments from its subsidiaries NHI, the issuer of the common stock underlying the ADSs to which this annual report relates, is a holding company and is heavily dependent on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to be able to settle its financial obligations and liabilities. Regulatory and other legal restrictions, such as those under the Companies Act, may limit NHI s ability to transfer funds freely, either to or from its subsidiaries. In particular, many of NHI s subsidiaries, including its broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws and regulations, including regulatory capital requirements, that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds to the parent holding company, or that prohibit such transfers altogether in certain circumstances. For example, Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. ( NSC ), Nomura Securities International, Inc., Nomura International plc and Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited, NHI s main broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to regulatory capital requirements and changes in such regulatory capital requirements and the required level could limit the transfer of funds to NHI. While NHI monitors and manages the transfer of funds within the Nomura Group on the basis of relevant laws and regulations on a daily basis, these laws and regulations may hinder NHI s ability to access funds needed to be able to settle its financial obligations and liabilities. 9. We may not be able to realize gains we expect, and may even suffer losses, on our investments in equity securities and non-trading debt securities We hold substantial investments in equity securities including private equity investments and non-trading debt securities. Under U.S. GAAP, depending on market conditions, we may recognize significant losses in connection with these investments, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, while we may decide to dispose of these equity securities and debt securities, depending on the market conditions, we may not be able to dispose of these equity securities and debt securities when we would like to do so, as quickly as we may wish or at the desired price. 10. We may face an outflow of clients assets due to losses incurred within cash reserve funds or debt securities we offer to clients Cash reserve funds, such as money market funds and money reserve funds are typically categorized as low risk financial products. As a result of a sudden rise in interest rates, such cash reserve funds may fall below their par value due to losses resulting from price decreases, defaults or negative interest charges arising from debt securities held by the fund. If we determine that a stable return cannot be achieved from the investment performance of cash reserve funds, we may accelerate the redemption of, or impose a deposit limit on, such cash reserve funds. In addition, issuers of debt securities that we sell may default or otherwise delay the payment of interest and/or principal. 13 Table of Contents Such events may result in the loss of client confidence and lead to an outflow of client assets from our custody or preclude us from increasing such client assets. Risks Relating to Our Financial Position 11. We may have to recognize impairment losses with regard to the amount of goodwill, tangible assets and intangible assets recognized on our consolidated balance sheets We have purchased all or a part of the equity interests in, or operations from, certain other companies in order to pursue our business expansion, and expect to continue to do so when and as we deem beneficial. We account for certain of those and similar purchases and acquisitions as a business combination under U.S. GAAP by allocating our acquisition costs to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and recognizing the remaining amount as goodwill. On April 1, 2020, Nomura acquired 100% of Greentech and goodwill of 12,480 million was reported on our consolidated balance sheet. We also possess tangible and intangible assets other than those stated above. We may have to recognize impairment losses, as well as other losses associated with subsequent transactions, with regard to the amount of goodwill, tangible assets and intangible assets recognized on our consolidated group balance sheet which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 12. Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial condition Liquidity, or having ready access to cash, is essential to our business. We define liquidity risk as the risk of loss arising from difficulty in securing the necessary funding, or from a significantly higher cost of funding than normal levels, due to a deterioration in our creditworthiness or a deterioration in market conditions. In addition to maintaining a readily available cash position, we seek to secure ample liquidity through repurchase agreements and securities lending transactions, long-term borrowings and the issuance of long-term debt securities as well as through diversification of our short-term funding sources such as commercial paper, and by holding a portfolio of highly liquid financial assets. Despite this, there is a risk that we may lose liquidity under certain circumstances, including the following: (1) We may be unable to access unsecured or secured funding We continuously access unsecured funding from issuance of securities in the short-term credit markets and debt capital markets as well as bank borrowings to finance our day-to-day operations, including refinancing. We also enter into repurchase agreements and securities lending transactions to raise secured funding for our trading businesses. An inability to access unsecured or secured funding or funding at significantly higher cost than normal levels could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. For example, lenders could refuse to extend the credit necessary for us to conduct our business based on their assessment of our long-term or short-term financial prospects if: We incur large trading losses, The level of our business activity decreases due to a market downturn, Regulatory authorities take significant action against us, or Our credit rating is downgraded. In addition to the above, our ability to borrow in the debt capital markets could also be adversely impacted by factors that are not specific to us, such as increases in market interest rates, reductions in banks or other financial institutions lending ability, a severe disruption of the financial and credit markets, negative views about the general prospects for the investment banking, brokerage or financial services industries, or negative market perceptions of Japan s financial soundness. 14 Table of Contents (2) We may be unable to sell assets If we are unable to raise funds or if our liquidity declines significantly, we will need to liquidate assets or take other actions in order to meet our maturing liabilities. In volatile or uncertain market environments, overall market liquidity may decline. In a time of reduced market liquidity, we may be unable to sell some of our assets, or we may have to sell at depressed prices, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to sell assets may also be adversely impacted by other market participants seeking to sell similar assets into the market at the same time. (3) Lowering of our credit ratings could impact our funding Our funding depends significantly on our credit ratings. Rating agencies may downgrade or withdraw their ratings or place us on credit watch with negative implications. Downgrades could increase our funding costs and limit our funding. This, in turn, could adversely affect our result of operations and our financial condition. In addition, other factors which are not specific to us may impact our funding, such as negative market perceptions of Japan s financial soundness. 13. Equity investments in affiliates and other investees accounted for under the equity method in our consolidated financial statements may decline significantly over a period of time and result in us recognizing impairment losses Under U.S. GAAP, we have affiliates and investees accounted for under the equity method and whose shares are publicly traded. If there is a decline in the market price of the shares, we hold in such affiliates below the carrying amount of our investments over a period of time, and we determine that the decline is other-than-temporary, then we recognize an impairment loss through earnings which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example, we recognized an impairment loss of 47,661 million against our investment in Nomura Real Estate Holdings, Inc. during the year ended March 31, 2021. Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Other Operational Issues 14. Operational risk could adversely affect our business Operational risk is the risk of financial loss or non-financial impact arising from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, from a lack of appropriate personnel, from human errors, or from external events, and includes fraud, compliance, legal, IT, cyber and information security, third party, and other non-financial risks. We always face the potential of operational risk, and if materializes, it could adversely affect our business. Issues related to operational risk may include the risks listed in items 16 to 22 below. 15. Reputational risk could adversely affect our business Reputational risk is the risk of possible damage to Nomura s reputation and associated risk to earnings, capital, or liquidity arising from any association, action, or inaction which could be perceived by stakeholders to be inappropriate, unethical, or inconsistent with Nomura Group s values and corporate philosophy. We always face the potential of reputational risk, and if any of the events described in this Item 3.D occurs and such risk materializes, it could adversely affect our business outlook, financial condition, or results of operations. 16. We may identify a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, indicating that our internal control over financial reporting may not be effective As a New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE )-listed company and SEC registrant, we assess the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting under the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and management s report thereon is included in Item 15 of this annual report. We also assess the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and submit the Management s 15 Table of Contents Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting including the results of this evaluation as a part of our Japanese language annual securities report. We have established a framework with the goal of ensuring the effectiveness and appropriateness of these controls. However, we may identify a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, indicating that our internal control over financial reporting may not be effective. For example, we identified a material weakness during the quarter ended March 31, 2024 in relation to certain classification and presentation matters within the consolidated statement of cash flows as included within our consolidated financial statements, which resulted in the need to restate the consolidated statement of cash flows in certain of our annual and interim consolidated financial statements. We identified and implemented a number of remediation actions to address this material weakness and intended to mitigate the risk of similar errors occurring in the future within the consolidated statement of cash flows. Our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. If future material weaknesses are identified, we may be unable to provide financial information in our consolidated financial statements and elsewhere in an accurate, timely and reliable manner or requiring additional restatements of our consolidated financial statements or other aspects of our periodic reporting. Such issues may undermine confidence in our published financial information and other reported information by users of our consolidated financial statements, including the holders of our securities, potentially causing reductions in the price of our common stock and/or ADRs. Additionally, such issues could limit our access to capital markets, affect client s or counterparties appetite to enter into transactions with us and subject us to potential regulatory investigations and sanctions. Each of these factors may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 17. Misconduct, fraud or other criminal activity by an employee, director or officer, or any third party, could occur, and our reputation in the market and our relationships with clients could be harmed We always face the risk that our employees, directors or officers, or any third party, could engage in misconduct that may adversely affect our business. Misconduct by an employee, director or officer includes conduct such as entering into transactions in excess of authorized limits, acceptance of risks that exceed our limits, concealment of unauthorized or unsuccessful activities or criminal or other unlawful actions against customers. The misconduct could also involve the improper use or disclosure of non-public information relating to us or our clients, such as insider trading, improper transmission of such information and the recommendation of trades based on such information, as well as other crimes, which could result in regulatory sanctions, legal liability and serious reputational or financial damage to us. Third parties may also engage in fraudulent activities, including devising a fraudulent scheme to induce our investment, loans, guarantee or any other form of financial commitment, both direct and indirect. Because of the broad range of businesses that we engage in and the large number of third parties with whom we deal in our day-to-day business operations, such fraud or any other misconduct may be difficult to prevent or detect, and our future reputation and financial condition could be adversely affected, which could result in serious reputational or financial damage to us in the future. Measures we have implemented or additional measures that may be implemented in the future may not be effective in preventing or managing the risk of misconduct or fraud in all cases, and we may not always be able to detect or deter misconduct or fraud by an employee, director, officers, or third parties. If any administrative or judicial sanction is issued against us as a result of such fraudulent or misconduct, we may lose business opportunities, and our future revenue and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, even after the sanction is lifted, if and to the extent that our clients, especially public institutions, decide not to engage us for their financial transactions. In October 2024, a former employee of NSC was arrested by Hiroshima Prefecture police and indicted by the Hiroshima District Public Prosecutors Office in November 2024. There is a risk that these developments 16 Table of Contents could adversely affect our reputation, potentially leading to a loss of current and future clients, particularly with respect to clients in the Wealth Management division or other retail businesses, which could adversely affect revenues and overall business performance and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Since April 2025, there has been a sharp increase in the number of cases of phishing scams and other cybercrime in which third parties pose as NSC attempting to lead customers to phishing websites using fake emails and to steal customer account numbers and passwords. NSC has decided to thoroughly investigate the damages incurred due to unauthorized access to securities accounts caused by these recent phishing scams, in which third parties utilized customer assets to trade securities, and to provide compensation for damages to a certain extent depending on the individual circumstances. As a result of such phishing scams, as well as any perceived shortcomings in the measures taken to compensate for damages incurred and strengthen security, our future reputation and financial condition could be adversely affected. 18. A failure to identify and appropriately address conflicts of interest could adversely affect our business We are a global financial institution that provides a wide range of products and services to a diverse group of clients, including individuals, corporations, other financial institutions and governmental institutions. As such, we face potential conflicts of interest in the ordinary course of our business. Conflicts of interests can arise when our services to a particular client conflict or compete, or are perceived to conflict or compete, with our own interests. In addition, where non-public information is not appropriately restricted or shared within Nomura, conflicts of interest can also arise where a transaction within the Nomura Group or a transaction with another client conflict or compete, or is perceived to conflict or compete, with a transaction with a particular client. A failure, or a perceived failure, to identify, disclose and appropriately address such conflicts could adversely affect our reputation, the willingness of current or potential clients to do business with us, and give risk to regulatory actions or litigation against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 19. Our business is subject to substantial legal and regulatory risks Substantial legal liability or a significant regulatory action against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause reputational harm to us. Also, material changes in regulations applicable to us or to the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our business. See Note 20 Commitments, contingencies and guarantees in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further information regarding the significant investigations, lawsuits and other legal proceedings that we are currently facing. We face significant legal risks in our businesses. These risks include liability under securities or other laws in connection with securities underwriting and offering transactions, liability arising from the purchase or sale of any securities or other financial products, disputes over the terms and conditions of complex trading arrangements or the validity of contracts for our transactions, disputes with our business alliance partners and legal claims concerning our other businesses. (1) Legal liability related to our business may occur and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations During a prolonged market downturn or upon the occurrence of an event that adversely affects one of the markets in which we operate, we may be exposed to an increase in claims or significant litigations against us. The cost of defending such claims or litigations may be substantial and our involvement in litigation may damage our reputation. For example, during the year ended March 31, 2022, approximately 62.0 billion related to legacy transactions in the U.S. from before the global financial crisis (2007 2008) was recognized including legal expenses as well as certain transactions intended to mitigate future losses. In addition, even legal transactions might be subject to adverse public reaction according to the particular details of such transactions. 17 Table of Contents Furthermore, regulatory and market expectations regarding sustainability, including climate change, in each country continue to evolve rapidly and generate conflicting views and approaches. As a result, our efforts toward sustainability, including participation in voluntary initiatives, may be perceived negatively by some stakeholders, potentially resulting in litigation or administrative penalties. These risks may be difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. (2) Extensive regulation of our businesses limits our activities and may subject us to significant penalties and losses The financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation. We are subject to increasing regulation by governmental and self-regulatory organizations in Japan and in virtually all other jurisdictions in which we operate, and such governmental and regulatory scrutiny may increase as our operations expand or as laws change. In addition, while regulatory complexities increase, possibilities of extra-territorial application of a regulation in one jurisdiction to business activities outside of such jurisdiction may also increase. These regulations are broadly designed to ensure the stability of financial systems and the integrity of the financial markets and financial institutions, and to protect clients and other third parties who deal with us, and often limit our activities and/or affect our profitability, through net capital, client protection and market conduct requirements. In addition, on top of traditional finance-related legislation, the scope of laws and regulations applying to, and/or impacting on, our operations may become wider depending on the situation of the wider international political and economic environment or policy approaches taken by governmental authorities in respect of regulatory application or law enforcement. In particular, the number of investigations and proceedings against the financial services industry by governmental and self-regulatory organizations has increased substantially and the consequences of such investigations and proceedings have become more severe in recent years, and we are subject to face the risk of such investigations and proceedings. We may not always be able to prevent such violations, and we could be fined, prohibited from engaging in some of our business activities, ordered to improve our internal governance procedures or be subject to revocation of our license to conduct business. Our reputation could also suffer from the adverse publicity that any administrative or judicial sanction against us may create, which may negatively affect our business opportunities and ability to secure human resources. As a result of any such sanction, we may lose business opportunities for a period of time, even after the sanction is lifted, if and to the extent that our clients, especially public institutions, decide not to engage us for their financial transactions. In addition, certain market participants may refrain from investing in or entering into transactions with us if we engage in business activities in regions subject to international sanctions, even if our activities do not constitute violations of sanctions laws and regulations. On September 25, 2024, the Japanese Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission (the SESC ) issued a recommendation that an administrative monetary penalty payment order be issued to the Company s subsidiary, NSC, based on the SESC s finding that NSC engaged in activities that constituted a violation of laws and regulations as part of certain Japanese government bond ( JGB ) futures transactions conducted in March 2021. As a result, in October 2024, NSC received a suspension of Special Entitlements of JGB Market Special Participants (Primary Dealer) from October 15, 2024 to November 14, 2024 from Japan s Ministry of Finance and an order for an administrative monetary penalty from the Financial Services Agency ( FSA ). This could impact Nomura s reputation and financial condition, potentially adversely affecting its business performance. (3) Tightening of regulations applicable to the financial system and financial industry could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations If regulations that apply to our businesses are introduced, modified or removed, we could be adversely affected directly or through resulting changes in market conditions. The impact of such developments could make it economically unreasonable for us to continue to conduct all or certain of our businesses, or could cause us to incur significant costs to adjust to such changes. 18 Table of Contents New regulations or revisions to existing regulations relating to accounting standards, regulatory capital adequacy ratios, liquidity ratios and leverage ratios applicable to us could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such new regulations or revisions to existing regulations include the so-called Basel III package formulated by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ( Basel Committee ) and the finalized Basel III reforms published in December 2017, and also finalized market risk capital framework published in January 2019. NHI is subject to above revised regulatory capital adequacy ratios, liquidity ratios and leverage ratios since March 2025. Furthermore, in October 2012, the Basel Committee developed and published a set of principles on the assessment methodology and higher loss absorbency requirements for domestic systemically important banks ( D-SIBs ), and, in December 2015, the FSA identified NHI as a D-SIB and imposed a surcharge of 0.5% on our required capital ratio after March 2016 with 3-year transitional arrangement. In addition, FSB published the final standard requiring global systemically important banks ( G-SIBs ) to maintain a certain level of total loss-absorbing capacity ( TLAC ) upon their failure in November 2015. Under the FSA s policy implementing the TLAC framework in Japan as updated in April 2018, the TLAC requirements in Japan apply not only to Japanese G-SIBs but also to Japanese D-SIBs that are deemed (i) of particular need for a cross-border resolution arrangement and (ii) of particular systemic significance to Japanese financial system if they fail. Based on the revised policy, in March 2019, the FSA published the notices and guidelines of TLAC regulations in Japan. According to these notices and guidelines, NHI is subject to the TLAC requirements in Japan from March 31, 2021 although NHI is not identified as a G-SIB as of the date of this annual report. These changes in regulations may increase our funding costs or require us to liquidate financial instruments and other assets, raise additional capital or otherwise restrict our business activities in a manner that could adversely affect our operating or financing activities or the interests of our shareholders. (4) Deferred tax assets may be impacted due to a change in business condition or in laws and regulations, resulting in an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition Under U.S. GAAP, we recognize deferred tax assets in our consolidated balance sheets as a possible benefit of tax relief in the future if certain criteria are met. If we experience or forecast future operating losses, if tax laws or enacted tax rates in the relevant tax jurisdictions in which we operate change, or if there is a change in U.S. GAAP in the future, we may be required to reduce the deferred tax assets recognized in our consolidated balance sheets which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. See Note 15 Income taxes in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further information regarding the deferred tax assets that we currently recognize. (5) Defects in our anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing measures could have serious consequences such as, administrative penalties or punitive fines In recent years, financial crimes have become more sophisticated, complex, and diverse. As the world faces growing threats of military disputes, terrorism, and cyberattacks, it is highly important to counter the financing of crimes and terrorism. Financial institutions around the world are expected to take strong measures to combat money laundering and terrorist financing. Despite our efforts to improve our anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing measures, which we have implemented consistently across the Nomura Group in accordance with the recommendations provided by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) and the FSA s Guidelines on Anti-Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing , there remains a risk that such measures will not be fully effective in preventing or detecting all violations in a timely manner. As a consequence, we could be subject to administrative penalties or punitive fines, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. See also Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Other Operational Issues 19. Our business is subject to substantial legal and regulatory risks (2) Extensive regulation of our businesses limits our activities and may subject us to significant penalties and losses for further information regarding regulatory actions and other legal proceedings as well as consequences thereof. 19 Table of Contents 20. Unauthorized disclosure or misuse of personal information held by us may adversely affect our business We keep and manage personal information obtained from clients in connection with our business. In recent years, there have been many reported cases of personal information and records in the possession of corporations and institutions being improperly accessed, disclosed or misused. There is also a risk of unauthorized acquisition of client information and misuse of customer information by former employees. Although we exercise care to protect the confidentiality of personal information and have in place policies and procedures designed to safeguard such information and ensure that it is used in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, were any unauthorized disclosure or misuse of personal information to occur, our business could be adversely affected. For example, we could be subject to government actions such as administrative actions or penalties in case there is any violation of applicable personal data protection laws, rules and regulations or be subject to complaints and lawsuits for damages from clients if they are adversely affected due to the unauthorized disclosure or misuse of their personal information (including leakage of such information by an external service provider). In addition, we could incur additional costs associated with changing our security systems, either voluntarily or in response to administrative guidance or other regulatory initiatives. Moreover, restrictions on our ability to use personal information collected from clients may adversely affect our existing businesses or to develop new ones. Furthermore, any damage to our reputation caused by such unauthorized disclosure or misuse could lead to a decline in new clients and/or a loss of existing clients, as well as to increased costs and expenses incurred for public relations campaigns designed to prevent or mitigate damage to our corporate or brand image or reputation. 21. System failure, information leakage and cost of maintaining sufficient cybersecurity could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations Our businesses rely on secure processing, storage, transmission and reception of personal, confidential and proprietary information on our systems. We have been in the past and may again become the target of attempted unauthorized access, computer viruses or malware, and other cyberattacks designed to access and obtain information on our systems or to disrupt and cause other damage to our services. In recent years, many of our employees increasingly work remotely using networking or other technologies, and these technologies have become even more critical to our business. The implementation of remote work arrangements may also increase the possibility that we will be subject to cyberattacks and other information security breaches. In addition, Nomura is engaged in the cryptocurrency business, and if the cryptocurrency wallets used in that business become targets of cyberattacks or other information security breaches, there is a possibility of unauthorized outflow or loss of cryptocurrencies. Although these threats may originate from human error or technological failure, they may also originate from the malice or fraud of internal parties, such as employees, or third parties, including foreign non-state actors and extremist parties. Additionally, we could also be adversely impacted if any of the third-party vendors, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial institutions to whom we are interconnected are subject to cyberattacks or other informational security breaches. Such events could cause interruptions to our systems, reputational damage, client dissatisfaction, legal liability, enforcement actions or additional costs, any and all of which could adversely affect our financial condition and operations. While we continue to devote significant resources to monitor and update our systems and implement information security measures to protect our systems, there can be no assurance that any controls and procedures we have in place will be sufficient to protect us from future security breaches. As cyber threats are continually evolving, our controls and procedures may become inadequate and we may be required to devote additional resources to modify or enhance our systems in the future. 22. Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire, retain and develop qualified personnel Under the philosophy that our people are our greatest assets, we view recruitment, talent development, performance appraisal, and mobility and advancement strategies as one human resources management cycle and 20 Table of Contents work on various talent management initiatives in a comprehensive manner. Any failure to hire, retain, and develop qualified personnel may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There is significant competition for such personnel, based on factors such as compensation, the working environment, training and other employee benefits and our reputation as an employer. Spending on our human resource initiatives may harm our profitability. Moreover, developing our human resources and instilling in them a uniform corporate culture is a continuous, intensive process, and it may take more time than initially anticipated. Risks Related to Holding or Trading of NHI Shares and ADSs 23. Because of daily price range limitations under Japanese stock exchange rules, you may not be able to sell your shares of NHI Shares at a particular price on any particular trading day, or at all Stock prices on Japanese stock exchanges are determined on a real-time basis by the equilibrium between bids and offers. These exchanges are order-driven markets without specialists or market makers to guide price formation. For the purpose of protecting investors from excessive volatility, these exchanges set daily upward and downward price fluctuation limits for each stock, based on the previous day s closing price. Although transactions may continue at the upward or downward limit price if the limit price is reached on a particular trading day, no transactions may take place outside these limits. Consequently, an investor wishing to sell at a price above or below the relevant daily limit may not be able to sell his or her shares of NHI Shares at such price on a particular trading day, or at all. 24. Under Japan s unit share system, holders of shares of NHI Shares constituting less than one unit are subject to transfer, voting and other restrictions The Company s Articles of Incorporation, as permitted under the Companies Act, provide that 100 shares of NHI Shares constitute one unit. The Companies Act imposes significant restrictions and limitations on holdings of shares that constitute less than a whole unit. Holders of shares constituting less than one unit do not have the right to vote or any other rights relating to voting. Under the unit share system, any holders of shares constituting less than a unit may at any time request the Company to purchase their shares. Also, holders of shares constituting less than a unit may request the Company to sell them such number of shares that the Company may have as may be necessary to raise such holder s share ownership to a whole unit. Shares constituting less than a unit are transferable under the Companies Act, but may not be traded on any Japanese stock exchange. 25. As a holder of ADSs, you will have fewer rights than a shareholder has and you will have to act through the depositary to exercise these rights The rights of shareholders under Japanese law to take actions including voting their shares, receiving dividends and distributions, bringing derivative actions, examining the company s accounting books and records and exercising appraisal rights are available only to holders of record. Because the depositary, through its custodian agent, is the record holder of the shares underlying the ADSs, only the depositary can exercise those rights in connection with the deposited shares. The depositary will make efforts to vote the shares underlying your ADSs as instructed by you and will pay you the dividends and distributions collected from the Company. However, in your capacity as an ADS holder, you will not be able to bring a derivative action, examine the Company s accounting books or records or exercise appraisal rights except through the depositary. 26. Rights of shareholders under Japanese law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions The Companies Act and the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Regulations of the Board of Directors govern the Company s corporate affairs. Legal principles relating to such matters as the validity of corporate 21 Table of Contents procedures, directors and executive officers fiduciary duties and shareholders rights may be different from those that would apply to a non-Japanese company. Shareholders rights under Japanese law may not be as extensive as shareholders rights under the laws of other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions within the U.S. You may have more difficulty in asserting your rights as a shareholder than you would as a shareholder of a corporation organized in another jurisdiction. 27. The Company s shareholders of record on a record date may not receive the dividend they anticipate The customary dividend payout practice of publicly listed companies in Japan may significantly differ from that widely followed or otherwise deemed necessary or fair in foreign markets. The Company s dividend payout practice is no exception. The Company ultimately determines whether the Company will make any dividend payment to shareholders of record as of a record date and such determination is made only after such record date. For the foregoing reasons, the Company s shareholders of record as of a record date may no
