 and control system 42 Key risks 49 Non-financial risks 54 NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 41 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Risk management and control system Risk management and control system Risks are potential future events that could The risk management and control system (in short, risk management the effectiveness of measures, for example due to ownership and system) enables our group and business units to operate within our risk governance structures. adversely impact our business performance appetite: • Complexity of the organisation inherently leads to a risk that not every and ability to achieve our strategic targets. 1. Define risk strategy through risk appetite, policies and standards; risk or issue can be managed in time. 2. Identify and assess the risks that need to be managed; 3. Mitigate risks through controls and/or other mitigation measures; and This system is an important part of NN’s risk strategy, and is supported Introduction 4. Monitor effectiveness of mitigating measures and report on them. by a sound risk governance and risk culture. More information can be Strong risk management enables us to monitor developments in our found under Risk governance in the Corporate governance chapter. operating environment, make informed decisions and take conscious, The aim of the risk management system is to identify risks that could strategic risks. Applied as appropriate to our entities, risk management affect the achievement of business objectives. This enables NN Group to Our integrated risk management system supports our strategy by maximises our potential to deliver on our stakeholder commitments. manage identified material risks within the context of relevant risk guiding the business planning process and monitoring execution appetites and to take appropriate action when the system indicates it is through key cycles such as financial control and HR. Depending on the type of business, some elements may not apply to necessary, helping to ensure that business objectives can be achieved. an entity. A risk management system does however have inherent limitations, This section covers the following topics: including (but not limited to) the following: Risk management and control system • Risk management and control system • Risks are probabilistic by nature and unexpected events can occur. • Risk profile, with a focus on key risks as established by the Risks can be triggered Boven by external 44,633 mm (partly) out of control of management. events, which by definition are g& Management Board ri n • Non-financial risks •Onder 82,367 Controls may only detect issuesmm after they occur. Control activities can to ni rting be limited in scope due to time, budget, or resource constraints, or st Links 122,692 mm km o the use of sample techniques. re o sk Other relevant risk management information can be found in the p Ri tegy following sections: • Human judgement and bias: risk management activities often rely on Rechts 122,692 mm Ri s ra • The Risk governance section of Corporate governance covers how our subjective judgement, which can be influenced by bias or incomplete information. risk management responsibilities are organised. • More details on our material financial risks can be found in Risk • Effective execution of the system is dependent on the behaviour of its Risk culture management (p. 259). employees worldwide, while their behaviour cannot reasonably be continuously controlled. Employees might also collude to circumvent We manage risks inherent to our business model and the environment controls. in which we operate within our risk appetite and framework. Every • Laws or regulations can change, be subject to multiple interpretations, s t interpretation may change over time, or normative external Ri t k k employee has a role to play in identifying risks in their area of n s en ro Ri s frameworks may not yet be available. co m responsibility and managing them in a proactive way. It is important to l • Reliance on third parties introduces risks that may not be fully es know which risks we need to avoid and which we are prepared to take, a ss to ensure an adequate return for the risks assumed within the business, controllable or transparent. This may create inability to determine and to be aware of material existing and emerging risks. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 42 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Risk management and control system Step 1: Risk strategy Risk taxonomy The risk strategy is determined together with the business strategy. Risk category Risk class Description During this strategy-setting process, strategic and emerging risks Strategic risks need to be considered carefully. These risks relate, for example, Managing strategy External strategic risks Emerging or changing risks in our external environment that may not yet be fully assessed or to sensitivities around assumptions behind the proposed business quantified but that could, in the future, affect the viability of NN’s strategy. strategy, or the possibility that a proposed business strategy does not Internal strategic risks Risks related to shaping our business arising from making incorrect business decisions, implementing align with our values or our brand promise. decisions poorly or being unable to adapt to changes in NN’s operating environment. The risk strategy further clarifies what risks we are willing to take, and to Financial risks what extent, in pursuit of business objectives. Risk appetite statements Solvency risks Market risks Risks related to (the volatility of) financial and real estate markets. describe how we weigh strategic decisions and communicate our Counterparty default risks Risks related to the failure to meet contractual debt obligations. strategy to internal and external stakeholders with respect to the Underwriting and pricing risks (or Financial risks related to insurance liabilities due to inadequate pricing and provisioning assumptions desired level of risk taking. The statements therefore define our non-market risks) (i.e. product-related risks from an NN perspective). preferences for or against certain risk types. This helps us avoid Liquidity risks Liquidity risks Risks related to not being able to settle financial obligations when due. unwanted or excessive risk taking, and optimises our use of capital. Non-financial risks To the extent that this is necessary, the risk appetite can be Sound business conduct Business conduct risks Risks related to unethical or irresponsible behaviour when doing business or representing the further operationalised into risk metrics, see Risk metrics (p. 45). business (red lines). Requirements and/or guidance on how to mitigate risks are also to be People conduct culture People conduct risks Risks related to the attitude and behaviour of our workforce. found in policies and standards. Product suitability Product suitability risks Product-related risks from a customer perspective. Operational risks Business operating risks Risks related to inadequate or failed business processes (internally, or externally performed by At NN, we have defined and categorised our risk landscape in a risk business partners). taxonomy, as detailed in the table. Reliable reporting Business operating risks Risks related to inadequate or failed business processes (internally, or externally performed by business partners). Technology risks Business technology risks Risks related to inadequate or failed information technology (e.g. cyber risk). Business continuity Business continuity risks Risks of accidents or external events impacting continuation or security of (people or assets within) our business operations. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 43 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Risk management and control system Risk appetite framework Risk appetite statements We have the following four risk appetite levels: Risk appetite statement Risk appetite Description Managing strategy Moderate We create long-term value for all our stakeholders and contribute to the well-being of people and the planet, so Risk appetite Description we continuously evaluate and adapt our business model (product portfolio, distribution channels, organisation, etc.) to the external environment to meet evolving customer needs. When doing so, we moderately accept the Avoid We apply considerable efforts to avoid these risks happening, associated risks, including in attracting and retaining business leaders and (world class) talent. or even eliminate them. If they materialise, we apply a zero- tolerance attitude to address incidents. Solvency risks Moderate to We accept financial risks on our balance sheet so we can offer financial security through products and services actively pursue for our customers as well as predictable and attractive returns for our investors. We only accept risks that we Limited We accept these risks, but we try to limit them with for rewarding understand, can price and effectively manage. We aim to avoid the need to raise equity capital at NN Group as a reasonable efforts to manage potential impact. risks result of a 1-in-20-year event. Moderate We accept these risks, but neither avoid nor seek them actively. We use a risk/reward or risk/cost consideration to Limited for non- Market and counterparty default risks: In managing our investments, we generate excess return by taking spread, manage these risks. rewarding risks liquidity, default, equity and property risk as we consider these rewarding risks. We limit exposure to, or volatility due to, non-rewarding risks (in particular concentration, interest rate, currency and inflation risk) or risks to which Actively We are risk-seeking for this type of risk, accepting uncertainty we already have a high exposure. pursue or volatility, as we expect taking the risk will ultimately be rewarded. Underwriting and pricing risks: Underwriting risks are at the core of our business; we deem them rewarding and actively pursue them. We have moderate appetite for risk concentrations in our portfolios (in particular longevity risk and windstorm risk) and actively manage them through reinsurance. The risk appetite is evaluated at least annually, as part of the Own Liquidity risks Limited We want to meet our payment and collateral obligations, even when under severe liquidity stress, while also Solvency and Risk Assessment process, in alignment with the Business actively pursuing illiquid assets to back illiquid liabilities on our balance sheet. Plan process. The risk appetite is approved by the Management Board. Sound business conduct Avoid We have no appetite for material breaches of business integrity-related policies or standards. People conduct culture Limited We nurture a culture aligned with our purpose, values and ambitions that supports continuous learning, collaboration and diversity, and limit risks to the same. Product suitability Avoid We only market products and services that add value to our customers over their expected lifetime in line with their preferences, and can be explained in an understandable and transparent manner. Operational risks Moderate We moderately accept human errors and as such failures in processes, and therefore manage these to agreed tolerances. Reliable reporting Avoid We have no appetite for material errors in external financial and non-financial reporting or internal reports used for managerial decision-making. Technology risks Limited We limit losses arising from technology risks, and therefore ensure our technology assets are sufficiently resilient and responsibly used. Business continuity Limited We avoid, to the greatest extent possible and even under severe circumstances, sustained discontinuation of business (people, offices, systems). NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 44 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Risk management and control system Sustainability risks are those related to sustainability matters that can Key risk metrics cause negative impact on our long-term performance, reputation, value, Risk class Risk metrics balance sheet or operations. We consider sustainability risks to be Strategic risks We manage and monitor strategic risks by, among other things, regularly monitoring how we perform relative to our strategic commitments: transversal, meaning they manifest through strategic, financial and non- • Customer engagement (Net Promoter Score): customers’ willingness to recommend our company (i.e. products and services). financial risks. • Employee engagement: measuring employee satisfaction. • Operating capital generation (OCG): the movement in the solvency surplus (Own Funds before eligibility over Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) at 100%) due to operating items. Risk metrics Risk monitoring is a regular process to assess and evaluate • Progress on main strategic initiatives. developments in the risk profile. It determines whether risks are within Solvency risks • Solvency II-ratio: the ratio of Eligible Own Funds to SCR. NN Group aims to capitalise the Group and its business units adequately at all times. To ensure adequate capitalisation, business units are managed according to their commercial capital levels (based on the Solvency the risk appetite and in line with policies and standards. Monitoring II-ratio or local regulatory capital requirements) in accordance with the risk associated with the business activities. activities are performed following developments in qualitative and • Solvency II-ratio sensitivities: show how Eligible Own Funds and SCR are impacted under various scenarios (such as changes in interest quantitative boundaries (risk metrics) around risk taking, such as: rates or other financial market factors). • Risk limit – maximum exposure of a risk that management is willing to • Own Funds at Risk (OFaR)/cash capital position: Business units have limits to monitor the impact of moderate stress events on their capital accept and should not be breached. positions. NN Group monitors its overall cash capital position to maintain sufficient cash available at the holding company to cover stress events, fund holding company expenses and interest expenses. • Risk tolerance – level of exposure of a risk, where management wants • Market Risk and Counterparty Default Risk metrics: risk metrics to limit concentration risks with respect to counterparties, countries, type to be actively informed. A tolerance is set to function as a trigger for of assets and industries. reviewing the exposure regularly and reflects an ambition level within • Interest rate risk limits and tolerances: limits and tolerances for interest rate risk exposures. which management wants to act in the medium term. • Product and underwriting limits: limits designed to manage deviations between expected and realised claims and payments, longevity • Key Risk Indicator (KRI) – can assist management in determining • risks, etc. Policies and standards: on investment management, mandates and asset allocation, responsible investments, products and underwriting. whether specific areas or business objectives are at risk of moving beyond the risk appetite. The KRIs indicate when specific actions • Restricted list and Exclusion list: the lists are designed to prevent investments in securities not in line with our values and/or applicable laws and regulations, as established in our Responsible Investment Framework. might be necessary to stop or reduce increasing risk levels. Liquidity risks • Cash buffer: a minimum buffer of immediately available liquidity (cash and committed facilities) to be able to meet collateral calls from • Policies and standards – in addition to risk metrics, requirements and/ derivative exposures. or guidance on how to mitigate risks can be provided through policies • Liquidity coverage ratio: measures percentage of available liquid assets for sale over liquidity needs. and standards. Non-financial risks • Control completeness: timely execution and complete registration of control monitoring by management and control functions. • Control effectiveness: controls are embedded and effectively executed to prevent or mitigate risks within the risk appetite. Our NN Group Policy House consists of mandatory general principles, • Overdue issues: the number of issues that are (not) solved in a timely manner within agreed remediation period. standards and technical documents to help operationalise our risk • Incident cost (losses): the number of realised incidents that have a financial and/or reputational impact. appetite into more detailed requirements for execution. General • Legal claims: the number of realised legal claims that have a financial and/or reputational impact. • Mandatory trainings: the percentage of completed mandatory trainings. principles describe the key structure, organisation, decision authorities, • Code of conduct/oath: acknowledgement by employees of adherence to the Code of Conduct. operating principles and limits we apply. Policies describe what • Number and nature of whistleblower cases: the number of (new) whistleblower cases and how many are completed or under investigation. needs to be achieved by defining control objectives and high-level • Availability IT systems: the time a system or service is accessible and operational for users. principles, while standards describe how certain requirements must be • Reporting materiality: potential deficiencies in reporting processes are evaluated, individually and on an aggregate level, against the applicable reporting materiality. implemented and/or executed. • Policies and standards that define objectives and requirements around compliance, IT, operations, security and business continuity. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 45 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Risk management and control system Step 2: Risk assessment Strategic Risk Assessment (SRA) and Own Risk and Risk Management prepares an appropriateness report every year and Risk assessments specifically seek to identify our business risks. The Solvency Assessment (ORSA) reports to management on the appropriateness of the Partial Internal quantitative risk profile for financial risks is mostly measured using NN Group, and each of its regulated (re)insurance subsidiaries, prepares Model (PIM). our models on predefined confidence levels (‘shocks’), and reported an ORSA at least once a year. Similar to an ORSA, NN Bank performs an against risk limits. Non-quantifiable risks, and the non-financial impact internal capital and liquidity adequacy assessment, in accordance with Stress testing can also be initiated outside the ORSA, either internally or of quantifiable risks, are assessed through control effectiveness in Basel framework requirements. if requested by external parties, such as the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) or relation to acceptable impact. Tail events (low probability, high impact) European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA). are explored through scenario analysis and addressed with (tested) We assess the resilience of our strategy and capital position by applying Business Continuity Plans or contingency plans. qualitative and quantitative techniques to identify and assess both Strategic Asset Allocation (SAA) opportunities and risks, including those related to sustainability. Regulated (re)insurance entities of NN execute an SAA study once every Below we describe some of these risk assessments in more detail. three years, in which the target allocation and bandwidth are set for each As part of the ORSA, a Strategic Risk Assessment (SRA) is performed at asset class. The SAA study is reviewed annually, using updates for the least annually by the NN Group Management Board and the management assumptions on return, risk and feasibility, and a review of constraints Risk class Risk assessed via of operating units. The outcomes of the SRA are key risks, being risks and objectives. Strategic risks Business planning; Strategic Risk Assessment (SRA) that are potentially solvency-threatening or could have a significant and scenario analysis, including Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA). negative impact on the achievement of one or more of the business Product Approval and Review Process (PARP) objectives in NN’s strategy or business plan. The PARP has been developed to enable effective design, underwriting Market risks Asset Liability Management (ALM) studies, Strategic and pricing of all insurance products, and safeguards these to manage Asset Allocation (SAA), New Asset Class Assessment (NACA), and scenario analysis including ORSA Key risks are assessed in the ORSA using a forward-looking view, with them throughout their lifetime. The PARP takes into account customer scenario analysis and stress testing, to assess capital strength of the benefits and product suitability, expected sales volumes, value-oriented Counterparty Assessment of maximum exposure on asset class, default risks issuer and country basis. entities across its business planning period and ability to withstand pricing metrics, requirements from relevant policies and regulations, potential impact from these risks. as well as the administration and accounting aspects of the product. Underwriting and Product approval and review process (PARP), and pricing risks scenario analysis including ORSA Where possible, sustainability risks are assessed as part of the overall Impact is mainly assessed on the Solvency II capital position, but also pricing, as well as to what extent product information properly reflects Liquidity risks SAA, NACA, and scenario analysis including ORSA on liquidity or operating capital generation where relevant. sustainability characteristics. Non-financial risks Risk assessments on processes and projects (including aspects of IT, financial economic crime, fraud, etc.); Systematic Integrity Risk Assessment (SIRA), looking Sustainability risks (mostly related to climate change) are part of ORSA New Asset Class Assessment (NACA) and investment at behavioural and integrity risks; Risk Maturity when considered material. We conduct qualitative and quantitative mandate process Reflection, looking at risk maturity and culture. analyses of the potential impacts of physical and transitional climate NN Group maintains a NACA for approving investments in new asset change risks to assess how these risks may impact our Solvency II classes, establishing a global list of asset classes in which NN Group balance sheet in the longer term. The assessment considers relevant entities may invest. Investments in these asset classes are governed short-, medium- and long-term scenarios aligned with industry best through investment mandates given by the insurance entities to the practice, such as scenarios from the Intergovernmental Panel on asset manager(s). Business units can maintain a local asset list that is Climate Change (IPCC) and the Network for Greening the Financial a subset of the global asset list prescribing in which asset classes the System (NGFS). business unit may invest. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 46 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Risk management and control system Process Risk Assessments Risk control Step 4: Risk monitoring and reporting Process risk assessments are performed periodically on (sub-)processes Risk class Risks are mitigated/controlled through Risk monitoring results are reported regularly to the responsible by the relevant process owners, paying particular attention to risks Strategic risks • Scenario analysis1 and contingency/recovery planning. managers of departments, as well as the management and supervisory in process handover points, where responsibility for activities moves • Adjusting the strategic targets/business model to boards of both NN Group and its entities. This includes information on, between departments and/or managers. Owners annually assess what meet the changing environment, implemented through for example, strategic projects, financial risk limits and developments, the most important non-financial risks are within their process, looking strategic initiatives/programmes. control effectiveness, control deficiencies and incidents, as well as at, for example, aspects of IT, data quality, human error, changes to • Business planning, monitoring of strategic execution. second line opinions and advice. Action is taken by management when systems and processes, etc. Market risks • Monitoring based on limits and tolerances, and monitoring indicates that risks are being inadequately controlled. adjusting asset positions if necessary. Step 3: Risk control • Hedging/use of derivatives. • Monitoring investment mandates for external The Management Board and Supervisory Board of NN receive a quarterly Risk control refers to activities undertaken to ensure proper mitigating investment managers. Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Report and OF/SCR Report. The ERM measures are designed, documented and executed such that risks are Counterparty • Monitoring based on limits and tolerances, and Report is designed to provide a consistent, holistic overview of the risks managed within defined risk limits and tolerances, and in line with default risks adjusting asset positions if necessary. for NN. It compares current risk levels to our risk appetite, and aims to policies and standards. Underwriting and • Hedging with financial instruments (asset-liability encourage a forward-looking risk view. The OF/SCR Report aims to give a quarterly overview of the Solvency II capital position, developments in pricing risks management), as well as diversification in The Preparatory Crisis Plan is used to define measures for early crisis product portfolios. OF and SCR, as well as related sensitivities. detection and to enable a swift, effective response if needed. The plan’s • Monitoring based on limits and tolerances, and acting in case of breaches. aim is to ensure tools, measures and processes are in place to enable NN Risk profile • PARP. Group and its subsidiaries to: • (External) (re)insurance.1 The assessment uses a variety of inputs, including: • Avoid going into recovery; Liquidity risks • Monitoring based on limits and tolerances, and • External trends and material topics, as identified by our stakeholders; • Anticipate in good time any approaching financial distress and/or adjusting asset positions if necessary. • Macroeconomic reports and publications from analysts, the CRO potential recovery situation; • Cash management/treasury techniques. Forum and the World Economic Forum; • Quickly recover to an acceptable minimum solvency (and liquidity) Non-financial risks • Controls and control testing. • Scenario analyses and stress-testing by our investment and level when faced with financial distress and/or recovery. • Incident management and external insurance. risk teams; • Risk culture, awareness and training. 1 • Risk self-assessments by the management of NN Group and • Project risk logs and monitoring. its businesses. • Business continuity management. 1 Controls that are also applied to our identified sustainability risks. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 47 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Risk management and control system Risk management and control system for Financial and Sustainability reporting NN Group’s financial reporting in the annual accounts and NN Group’s (DMA), reflecting both financial materiality and impact materiality. For whether controls are adequately designed to prevent or detect the sustainability reporting in the Sustainability Statement are subject further details on the DMA, see Our approach to the DMA (p. 113). identified risks. A Test of Effectiveness is performed to obtain sufficient to NN Group’s risk management and control system. Amongst other evidence that the identified controls operated effectively throughout a things, this system enables the Executive Board of NN Group to Identifying and assessing risks that could lead to period of time. conclude that the financial reporting in the annual accounts and material inaccuracies the sustainability reporting in the Sustainability Statement do not For the processes in scope, business units and group functions identify Evaluating and report deficiencies contain material inaccuracies, ensuring that the information provided and assess the risks that might lead to material inaccuracies in the Testing results and identified deficiencies are evaluated twice yearly: is materially complete, correct and timely. The system consists of financial and sustainability reporting. 30 June as a timely interim evaluation for timely identification of an annual cycle for preventing or detecting material inaccuracies in any major attention points for year-end and 31 December to provide the reporting by designing and implementing controls, testing the Designing and executing controls substance for the conclusions in the Annual Report. The evaluation effectiveness of those controls, and evaluating any deficiencies in the Controls are designed at the process level to prevent or detect covers the first line testing results, which includes a review of identified design and operation of such controls. (potential) material inaccuracies in financial or sustainability reporting. deficiencies, classified by severity based on impact and likelihood, and Controls can take several forms: by nature (preventive, detective), the related remediation plan. It also includes observations from the Setting the scope by object (entity-wide, IT, process, security, fraud), or by execution second line (Risk) and third line (Internal Audit), as well as relevant The scoping process is driven by materiality and inherent risk. The (automated, manual). observations from the external auditor. The outcome of the evaluation applicable materiality for financial reporting is determined on a yearly is shared with and discussed by the Management Board and the basis. Scoping relates to business units and group functions, and Testing design and effectiveness Audit Committee. accounts, disclosures and processes. For the sustainability reporting, Both the design and execution of controls are tested and reviewed by materiality is determined through the Double Materiality Assessment the responsible management. A Test of Design is performed to evaluate NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 48 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Key risks Key risks Risks are managed throughout NN Group Geopolitical tensions and conflicts be challenging given their high debt levels, while for others this could be a catalyst for higher expected growth. at different levels of the organisation. Of There is a risk that rising tensions between states and/or other political actors can affect the normal and peaceful course of international • Right-wing/populist parties have gained influence in Europe. Upcoming all risks, key risks are a prioritisation relations and even lead to conflicts. As a result, financial markets nationalism can potentially lead to less stable national governments and potential fragmentation within the EU, impacting united responses mechanism, through which the MB/CEO may become more volatile (recession, inflation) and the international to policy challenges. Shifts can occur in EU policies around, among economy and supply chains more fragmented or disrupted. select those they consider most relevant to other things, immigration and green energy, causing uncertainty on how government policies in these areas will further develop. the strategy execution. Developments Overall, EU economies could be impacted by slow economic growth Geopolitical risk remains elevated across the globe. A multipolar world is starting to appear, characterised by less clear demarcations between or higher inflation. EU efforts to boost economic growth are still countries and different power blocks/international alliances. Recent lagging, while political fragmentation within the EU remains a risk Annually, the Management Board of NN performs a strategic risk geopolitical events include: given upcoming elections. assessment to establish the key risks that might impact achieving our strategic and financial targets. The SRA outcomes are also shared and • A year after Donald Trump won the United States presidential Risk mitigation discussed with the Supervisory Board. The selection of key risks varies elections, a variety of changes occurred in US economic, social, foreign and military policies. The US takes a more transactional NN does not have direct business activities in Ukraine, Russia, China over time and risks can (re)occur as a key risk, depending on the external view of partnerships to maximise US interests, which may not or Israel, and has limited direct financial exposure to these countries. environment, our operating environment and any strategy change. be in the best interest of, for example, Europe. This has been However, the impact on our operating environment and on NN will characterised by, for example, higher trade tariffs and increasing depend on how geopolitical risks progress and/or escalate, which may Risk level trade barriers. US government decisions are more unpredictable, coincide with other inflationary, governmental debt or recessionary Rank Key risk Risk class (vs 2024) resulting in market parties being unable to anticipate developments, developments. So far, NN has experienced a relatively modest impact 1 Geopolitical tensions and conflicts Strategic risks ↗ from these developments. NN manages its asset exposures via Market risks leading to higher market volatility, as well as an erosion of consumer and investor confidence, affecting growth. US-China relations remain concentration limits on sovereign, country and asset class exposures 2 Financial market turmoil1 Market risks → tense, resulting in (potential) retaliations on both sides (export that are regularly reviewed and monitored. As part of the Strategic Asset 3 Regulatory uncertainty Strategic risks → Market risks restrictions on rare earth materials and key technologies on the one Allocation, we evaluate on an annual basis how we allocate investments hand, increased trade tariffs on the other). across asset categories and countries. We also monitor the credit quality 4 Cybersecurity Business technology risks → 5 (Global) debt crisis Market risks ↗ • The Russia-Ukraine war continues, with the risk of a wider conflict of portfolios and deploy scenario analysis to better understand our sensitivity to financial market volatility. remaining. Meanwhile, reports and indications of state‑sponsored 6 Critical infrastructure blackout1 Business continuity risks → interference, including sabotage and cyber activity, underscores the 7 Sustainable cost levels Strategic risks → need for robust risk management to protect European infrastructure Underwriting and pricing risks and maintain operational resilience. The US is shifting its focus 8 Change agility and innovation culture Strategic risks → increasingly to Asia, playing a less prominent role in addressing 9 Improving life expectancy Underwriting and pricing risks ↘ the conflict, and increasingly expecting the EU to handle its military 10 Inflation risk Market risks ↘ and national security itself. NATO members confirmed an increased Underwriting and pricing risks defence spending target of 5% of GDP – for some countries this might 1 New key risk added in 2025. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 49 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Key risks Financial market turmoil Regulatory uncertainty Risk mitigation There is a risk that in the event of financial market turmoil, financial There is risk that, whether due to NN’s specific business profile or The uncertainties may result in additional compliance costs, and lead companies are subject to a decrease in own funds, elevated borrowing not, future regulations may negatively impact NN, and local supervisory to competitive disadvantages if supervisory interpretations differ across costs and limited access to capital. As a result, these developments interpretation of regulations may result in a competitive disadvantage for jurisdictions. NN monitors regulatory developments closely, maintains may lead to a decline in profitability, capital generation and/or their NN versus its peers. proactive dialogue with regulators and industry associations, and solvency position. regularly assesses the potential impact of new or revised regulation on Developments its solvency position, operations, and strategic objectives. Developments Main ongoing regulatory developments relate to the 2020 Solvency II In 2025, global economic policy uncertainty persisted. On the one hand, review, the Omnibus simplification for sustainability-related reporting, stock indices reached high levels, driven by, amongst other things, Retail Investment Strategy, AI Act, and the Financial Data Access positive investor sentiment, strong corporate earnings and ongoing Regulation (FIDA). Our capital position may be impacted by further investment in AI. On the other hand, concerns remained regarding changes to the Solvency II framework (for example, the Solvency II segments of the credit market, the debt levels of certain countries, 2020 review) or supervisory scrutiny in areas such as the internal capital influenced by geopolitical tensions and trade tariffs. Such developments model. Changing market or regulatory expectations could change the could lead to financial market turmoil, typically characterised by lower assumed impact on our capital position. While the amended Solvency II equity and real estate valuations, and a flight to safety towards higher Directive will take effect as of 30 January 2027, a number of related level rated government bonds and other liquid, highly rated investments. II and III texts have been delayed or remain under discussion, awaiting alignment with sustainability reporting standards. This delay contributes Risk mitigation to uncertainty regarding reporting expectations. NN manages market risks within risk limits and other boundaries set within various policies and standards. This ensures our investments are Following the October 2025 elections in the Netherlands, coalition well diversified and that exposure to risks for which NN Group has no formation resulted in a minority government. Given that the minority or a limited appetite (for example, interest rate, inflation and foreign government needs to seek support from a variety of other parties, the exchange risks) remains low. We also apply ongoing monitoring of precise direction of policies remains uncertain. investment risks and opportunities in the financial markets. Additionally, we reduce downside risk through hedging programmes and our SAA is designed to optimise capital generation within acceptable risk levels. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 50 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Key risks Cybersecurity (Global) debt crisis Risk mitigation There is a risk that cyberattacks could lead to the misuse or loss of There is a risk that governments, businesses and consumers may be NN addresses this risk through market‑risk limits/tolerances, information, privacy breaches, discontinuity of operations or financial or unable to meet debt or debt‑service obligations in a higher interest‑rate diversification by country/asset class, SAA reviews, credit‑quality reputation loss. environment. Debt levels may also increase due to weak fiscal discipline monitoring, and scenario/stress testing that inform hedging and or higher public spending (such as climate‑transition investments, allocation adjustments. Developments military budgets or electoral commitments). These pressures could Given their pivotal role in the financial infrastructure, and their trigger defaults or ratings downgrades and potentially a global possession of large amounts of financial data and/or personal recession, with falling GDP and rising unemployment. information about their customers, financial services companies may be a target for hackers as well as state actors. Cyber incidents Developments may lead to, amongst other things, loss of data, disruption and In the past, monetary policies and government stimuli have led various shutdown of business activities, criminal theft or reputational damage. countries, businesses and consumers to accumulate high(er) levels of Technology is advancing, and as such the complexity and sophistication debt. Several countries in the eurozone do not meet agreed debt- of cyberattacks. and deficit-to-GDP targets, which may further increase given expected expenditure on greening the economy, military spending, financing Risk mitigation electoral promises and the consequences of ageing populations. In NN is continuously monitoring its IT infrastructure through the NN 2025 the European Commission introduced the ReArm Europe Plan IT General Controls, as well as improving its security governance, to boost military spending by EUR 800 billion the next four years processes and technology. Continuous investments are therefore by loosening fiscal rules on defence investment and joint borrowing needed to avoid, for example, our systems becoming unavailable, which for large defence projects against the EU budget. EU states are also might affect our daily business and potentially customer confidence. taking measures, for example, Germany's EUR 500 billion investment Group IT’s Enterprise Security Services (ESS) function leads all efforts plan, which has increased its debt-to-GDP ratio. US tariffs have further to further enhance our information security and provide 24/7 protection increased the risk of a recession. against cyberthreats. In particular, education and awareness-raising are part of our security strategy. In addition to maintaining a strong control Geopolitical tensions are increasing and can lead to further tightening framework, NN also regularly tests the effectiveness of its cyber controls of financial conditions for Western economies via sanctions and in practice to ensure that they operate as intended and remain resilient trade tariffs, market uncertainty, higher energy and commodity prices, to evolving threats. economic slowdown and financial market fragmentation. Households and companies struggling to cope with higher prices and borrowing costs may lead to a recession. The depth of a recession ultimately depends on actual levels of interest rates, debt levels of companies and individuals, and the resilience of the wider economy. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 51 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Key risks Critical infrastructure blackout Sustainable cost levels Developments There is a risk that NN could face operational disruptions and financial NN runs a risk that expense levels, relative to competitors, are too high Advancements in technology and AI have raised consumer expectations losses in the event of critical infrastructure failures such as electricity, in the long run, which may lead to less competitive (price) proposition for personalised and efficient service. Technology, digitalisation, the shift communications and IT infrastructure. Such a risk to NN (including resulting in loss of market share. to a platform economy and the use of data are all having a growing third parties), could impact service delivery as well as operational impact on our everyday lives. Insurers are well-positioned due to their underwriting results. Developments access to extensive customer data, which is essential for assessing and To stay competitive, it is essential to align revenues with the cost base pricing underwriting risk. To maintain our strong position and remain Developments across all business units. For example, in Netherlands Life, improving relevant to all our stakeholders, we need to be able to outperform new As an insurer NN is increasingly reliant on technological infrastructure IT systems and operational efficiency is crucial for managing costs in and different kinds of competition (including aggregators and big-tech and services to operate its core processes, including dependence on line with the run-off pace of the closed books while fostering profitable companies with a high investment potential), and enhance customer third parties. Our infrastructure, as well as those of third parties growth in the defined contribution (DC) portfolio. experience and engagement. may be dependent on technological abilities from selected countries and a few global companies, which poses various risks for access to Risk mitigation Risk mitigation these technologies. Furthermore, infrastructure can be impacted by The economic environment has resulted in inflationary pressures on To address this, NN launched the Future Ready programme in 2024. The physical (flooding, severe weather, human error) or virtual (cyberattacks, procured services and higher salary costs. To address these challenges, objectives of the programme are to: hybrid warfare) events. Renewable energy transitions and smart grid NN Group is implementing initiatives aimed at reducing future expenses 1. increase operational efficiency by standardising, automating, and integrations may destabilise energy supplies. As the complexity of through digitalisation projects, IT simplification, and the deployment reusing capabilities across business units interconnected systems increases, failures in one area can cascade of artificial intelligence. Additionally, efforts are focused on product 2. enhance the customer experience by creating frictionless processes across different sectors. Infrastructure failures often have far-reaching rationalisation, standardising business processes, and optimising the for customers, brokers, and employee consequences, underscoring the importance of preparedness and the organisational structure. 3. drive profitable growth by leveraging operational improvements and need for resilient and adaptable infrastructure planning. The introduction customer-centric strategies to grow the business sustainably of mandatory regulation in the EU, the Digital Operational Resilience Act Overall, managing sustainable cost levels remains a continuous priority (DORA), which requires financial companies to be (better) prepared for for NN Group, ensuring that we can effectively respond to market To achieve this, the programme focuses on standardising data and these threats, also emphasises the heightened risks in this area. demands while achieving our financial targets. technology platforms, developing and scaling AI within the organisation and core processes, and cultivating a digitally skilled workforce. The progress is overseen by a dedicated Transformation Office, to track Risk mitigation Change agility and innovation culture progress and benefits. NN has its own Business continuity planning and governance, crisis There is a risk that NN is not able to implement necessary changes governance and planning, backup and recovery planning, as well as in current products and processes, or not able to initiate and scale regular exercises to prevent and/or mitigate a variety of threats that new business models/solutions in a sufficient or timely manner. Such could disrupt our operations. As part of our DORA preparations, we a scenario could be the result of, for example, system complexity, have further extended and matured our business continuity activities to challenging time-to-market (IT realisation), lack of talent/resources continue to make our company resilient. entrepreneurship, compliance requirements or third-party dependency. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 52 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Key risks Improving life expectancy operating expenses and claims, and indirectly, through its impact on Rapid or unforeseen advances in medical research and/or improving interest rates, equities, real estate and sales. Emerging risks health conditions could pose an accuracy risk to pension assumptions and product portfolio guarantees for NN. Inflation remains above the target of the ECB. It is expected to decrease Emerging risks are external strategic risks that cannot yet be fully further, but slowly due to persistent trade barriers and US immigration assessed or quantified but that could in the future affect the viability Developments policies. The European disinflation trend continued through 2025. of NN Group’s strategy. They are relevant for NN Group because they Longevity risk continues to be a significant consumer of capital Markets expect inflation to fall below target by 2027, which could push can accumulate over time and be difficult to link to a specific cause. besides market risk and is primarily concentrated within NN Life and the ECB to deliver a couple of rate cuts by the end of 2026. In the US, In 2025, NN Group continued to participate in the ‘Emerging Risk Pensions. NN Group regularly analyses Dutch and European mortality despite expectations of further Federal Reserve rate cuts, long-term Initiative’ working group of the CRO Forum. The CRO Forum identifies trends and has updated its best estimate assumptions to reflect rates remain elevated and are even rising, reflecting concerns over long- new risks in its Risk Radar. The CRO Forum is a group of professional the most recent post pandemic data and observed development in term debt sustainability. European yield curves have steepened risk managers from the insurance industry that focuses on developing longevity improvements. influenced by factors such as the Dutch pension reform and expectations and promoting industry best practices in risk management. The of higher defence spending. Japan's long-term rates are rising partly due Forum consists of Chief Risk Officers from large multi-national Risk mitigation to increased government spending coupled with the Bank of Japan’s insurance companies. It aims to represent the members’ views on NN Group maintains a moderate appetite for longevity risk and continues gradual shift away from extreme monetary easing. key risk management topics, including emerging risks. to manage its exposure actively through reinsurance, regular reviews of mortality and pricing assumptions, and the use of both internal Risk mitigation The newly added risk to the Radar in 2025 is 'Deterioration of and external data to inform its best estimates. Additional reinsurance NN Group manages the risk of persistent inflation and its related market Public Healthcare Systems', with consequences for public health, transactions were completed in 2025, to further optimise the balance effects by having a small exposure to inflation-linked liabilities, including mortality and the ability to respond to future pandemics. between risk and return. managing our cost base and product premiums, hedging benefit inflation By monitoring emerging risks through the Risk Radar, we can develop risk and interest rate risk, adapting allocation to equity and other risky products and services that help our customers insure themselves asset classes, and selectively de- or re-risking the balance sheet. Inflation risk against new risks. In 2025, NN also performed its first internal Increasing energy, commodity and food prices, disrupted supply chains emerging risk pilot. and government or central bank stimulus could lead to higher interest rates and long-term heightened inflation above the European Central Bank (ECB) target of 2% for the medium term. As such, this could potentially adversely impact NN's liquidity and solvency position. Developments The impact of inflation developments on our balance sheet and solvency position depends not only on the actual level of inflation, but also on how other market factors move in response to it, including central bank policy actions and investor expectations. The risk of structural inflation can affect NN Group's business plans and financial position directly, through NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 53 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Non-financial risks Non-financial risks Non-financial risks are risks that arise from • Legal risk: Risk that agreements, claims or disclosures potentially identification of the risks, each quantifiable risk is assessed to determine result in damage to NN’s brand and reputation, legal or regulatory how likely it is to occur and what the impact would be if it did. running our business, related to people, sanctions or liability. inadequate or failed processes (including • External fraud risk: Risk of intended acts by a business partner or Mitigation of risks can be preventive in nature (e.g. training and customer to defraud, misappropriate property or circumvent the law, education of employees, preventive controls, etc.) or detective (e.g. information technology and communication directly leading to costs for NN. monitoring controls, logging, etc.). For IT risks, common controls are systems) and/or external events. among others, user access management, anti-malware and anti-virus Technology risks tooling, security logging and monitoring, data encryption, intrusion • IT risk: Risk of data corruption, misuse or unavailability in relation detection and prevention. For business continuity, controls include but The organisation's risk taxonomy includes business operating, to the use of (outsourced) network and information systems, either are not limited to, business continuity planning, disaster and recovery technology and continuity risks as well as sound business conduct, through external causes (cybercrime) or internal causes. planning and crisis exercises. people conduct and product suitability risks. • Technology innovation risk: Risk of adopting new technologies whilst insufficiently being aware and in control of potential negative Risk mitigating actions or controls are based on a balance between Business operating, technology and continuity risks consequences for NN’s customers and/or reputation. the expected cost of implementation and execution, and the expected benefits. The business process owners are responsible for the actual Business continuity risks execution of the controls and for assessing the adequacy of their Risk profile Business operating, technology and continuity risks are non-financial • Continuity and physical security risk: Risks of accidents or external controls. Actions required to mitigate the risks are identified and tracked events impacting continuation of (outsourced) business operations until the risk is either reduced or mitigated, or if this is not possible, risks that are related to inadequate or failed business processes, and/or security of (entrusted) assets. accepted as a residual risk. inadequate or failed (information) technology and accidents or external events impacting continuation or security of (people, offices or IT in) our • Personal security risk: Risk of criminal acts or environmental threats business operations. that could endanger NN employees' safety. Most important changes and ongoing actions • Further embedding and monitoring of (intragroup) outsourcing as Business operating risks Risk mitigation well as organisational resilience for business disruption, including • Operational control risk: Risk of not (timely) detecting internal adverse For specific areas like financial reporting, IT security, outsourcing of activities, and business continuity, specific policies and standards apply. • DORA requirements. Standardising and integrating our data landscape, to simplify systems deviations from strategy, policies, procedures, work instructions or authorised activities. In the case of outsourcing, an appropriate outsourcing agreement is and provide data for monitoring risk metrics, data driven analytics and • Business partner control risk: Risk of not (timely) detecting business required between outsourcing parties and the performance under the outsourcing agreement is required to be monitored regularly. • AI usage. Building and enhancing our capabilities to address the increasing partners adversely deviating from our strategy, expected behaviour or performance as stipulated in contracts or procedures. complexity and sophistication of cyberattacks, also for outsourced • Operational execution risk: Risk of human errors during NN Group conducts regular risk and control monitoring to measure and evaluate the effectiveness of controls. It determines whether the risks • processes with business partners. Making NN’s organisation, employees and processes ready for the (transaction) processing. • Reporting risk: Risk of human errors during processing of source data are within the norms for risk appetite and in line with requirements from policies and standards. The exposure of NN Group to non-financial risks further development, deployment and use of artificial intelligence, including applying and updating NN's AI framework, as well as into regulatory and strategic management reporting. • Operational change risk: Risk that the actual results of business is regularly assessed through risk assessments and monitoring. After establishing more rigid data quality management. projects differs adversely from the envisaged results. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 54 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Non-financial risks Sound business conduct, people conduct and • Professional behaviour risk: Risk of inadequate professional behaviour responsibly. In addition to this, NN has policies, standards and needed to run NN's business. procedures regarding anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, product suitability risks • Personal conflicts of interest risk: Risk that employees (are perceived sanctions, anti-bribery and corruption, product suitability, conflicts of to) pursue personal interests that are at odds with NN's interests. interest and confidential and inside information, as well as a Code of Risk profile Sound business conduct and people conduct risks are non-financial • Dealing with confidential information risk: Risk of employees Conduct for its personnel and suppliers. unintentionally leaking, sharing or exchanging personal data or risks related to unethical or irresponsible behaviour when doing or confidential information. Risks related to Financial and Economic Crime (FEC) are managed representing the business and to the attitude and (perceived) behaviour of our workforce. Product suitability risks are non-financial risks that are • Product customer value risk: Risks that (pricing of) products do not through a framework with mandatory minimum requirements for add value to either current or prospective customers. governance, risk assessment, customer due diligence, and ongoing related to products from a customer perspective. NN is committed to helping its customers care for what matters most to them. • Product maintenance risk: Risk of a structural mismatch between the monitoring for managing these financial economic crime risks. Local purpose/benefit of a product and customers' needs over the lifecycle FEC Standards at entity level reflect and address local requirements. of the product. The product approval and review process (PARP) verifies that new or Risks in this area • Terrorist financing, money laundering and sanctions risk: Risk of • Product/client information risk: Risk of incomplete or inadequate modified products and services are transparent, meet customer needs, design of information on the product as provided to customers prior and align with societal expectations and legislative developments. (in)direct involvement with terrorist financing activities, money to, or at, point of sale, as well as after major product changes. laundering or transactions related to sanctioned subjects. • Tax evasion risk: Risk of improper identification of the customers' tax • Product mis-selling risk: Risk that a product is inappropriately For more details, see Our values and behaviours (p. 8) and Business recommended or sold to a wrong target group. conduct (p. 156). residency and hence incorrectly reporting to the tax authorities, or being associated with this. Risk mitigation Most important changes and ongoing actions • Market abuse risk/unfair competition risk: Risk that (an employee of) At NN we conduct our business in line with our values Care, Clear, • Strengthening of the FEC framework and Governance. an NN entity exploits its position or information improperly in the markets NN Group operates in. Commit. These values set the standard for conduct and provide a • Review of product policy and implementation of a standard tooling compass for decision-making. Further, the organisation is committed facilitating the PARP. • Third party sustainability risks: Risk of being (in)directly linked to to the preservation of its reputation and integrity through compliance • Improved automated enrolment and dashboard monitoring for violations of environmental, governance and social standards and with applicable laws, regulations and standards in each of the markets mandatory Conduct related e-learning. norms through business partners, customers or other links. in which it operates. All employees are expected to adhere to these • Improper handling of inside information or personal data risk: Risk of laws, regulations and standards and management is responsible for improper handling of inside information, otherwise highly confidential ensuring such compliance. The organisation continuously adapts its information or personal data. sound business conduct risk management programme to evolving • Corruption and bribery risk: Risk of corruption and/or bribery or applicable laws, regulations and standards and provides regular training otherwise prohibited conduct through gifts, events, business meals, programmes to strengthen employee awareness. sponsoring and charitable donations. • Interaction risk: Risks that employees or others acting on behalf of The NN International Whistleblower Standard and the Whistleblower NN cross conduct related red-lines in interaction with colleagues or Standard for Dutch Business Units and Group Support Functions NN third parties. Group set out clear requirements for reporting suspected wrongdoing, • Internal fraud risk: Risk of intended acts by an employee to defraud, protecting whistleblowers, and managing reports confidentially and misappropriate property or circumvent the law. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 55 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Governance Governance Corporate governance 57 Our Management Board 77 Our Supervisory Board 80 A conversation with our Supervisory Board Chair 84 Report of the Supervisory Board 85 Remuneration Report 91 Statement of the Executive Board 104 NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 56 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Corporate governance Corporate governance General and control systems, and issues the Statement of the Executive Board Composition NN Group N.V. (NN Group) is a public limited company (‘naamloze (p. 104). The Executive Board must consist of two or more members, with the vennootschap’) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. We total number of members determined by the Supervisory Board after have a two-tier board structure consisting of an Executive Board and a Certain resolutions of the Executive Board require the approval of the consultation with the Executive Board. Supervisory Board. The Executive Board also established a management Supervisory Board and/or general meeting of shareholders of NN Group board. NN Group mandatorily applies the full large company regime. (General Meeting). These resolutions are outlined in the articles of Guiding principles for the appointment of members and the composition association of NN Group (Articles of Association), which are available of the Executive Board are provided in the profile of the Executive Board on the NN Group website, and in the charter of the Executive Board. and Management Board, and in the DEI Policy. The profile and the policy Executive Board are available on the NN Group website. Appointment, removal and suspension Duties Under the full large company regime, the members of the Executive Information on the composition and the members of the Executive Board The Executive Board, supervised by the Supervisory Board, is entrusted Board are appointed individually by the Supervisory Board. can be found in Our Management Board . with the management, strategy, operations and risk management of NN Group. Prior to appointing a member of the Executive Board, the Supervisory Remuneration Board must notify the General Meeting of such an intended appointment. Information on the remuneration policy for members of the Executive In performing its duties, the Executive Board must carefully consider, An Executive Board member is appointed for a maximum of four years Board and on their individual remuneration can be found in the and act in accordance with, the interests of NN Group and its and may be reappointed for a term of not more than four years at a Remuneration Report . businesses, taking into consideration the interests of its stakeholders. time. Only the Supervisory Board may suspend or remove a member of When considering these interests, the Executive Board shall also take the Executive Board. However, the Supervisory Board is only entitled to into account the continuity of NN Group, NN Group’s view on sustainable remove a member of the Executive Board after the General Meeting has long-term value creation, the impact the actions of NN Group have been consulted on the intended removal. on people and the environment, as well as applicable legislation, regulations and rules of conduct. The Executive Board charter, available on our Group website, details the organisation, duties and working methods of the board. The Executive Board is responsible for ensuring that NN Group has Composition of the Executive Board as at 31 December 2025 adequate risk management and control systems in place so that it is aware, in good time, of any material risks run by the company and Name Position1 Date of birth Appointment Termination/reappointment2 Tenure that these risks can be managed effectively. Furthermore, the Executive David Knibbe Chair, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 15 March 1971 1 October 2019, reappointment 2 June 2023 2027 6 years Board is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal Annemiek van Vice-chair, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 31 March 1976 1 July 2022 20263 3 years control over financial and sustainability reporting, as well as preparation Melick of this information in line with the relevant requirements. As part of 1 There is no representation of employees or other workers present in the Executive Board. this responsibility, the Executive Board evaluates the risk management 2 The term of appointment ends at the close of the annual general meeting of that year. 3 As announced on 12 February 2026, the Supervisory Board intends to reappoint Annemiek van Melick as member of the Executive Board and to designate her again as Chief Financial Officer and as a result as vice-chair of the Executive Board, for a term of four years, after notification to the General Meeting at the annual general meeting to be held on 21 May 2026 (‘2026 AGM’). NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 57 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Corporate governance Management Board Management Board are present at meetings with the Supervisory Board The members of the Management Board may be suspended and removed where topics are discussed that relate to their areas of responsibility. by the Executive Board after consultation with the Supervisory Board. Role and duties In addition, the Supervisory Board regularly meets with the full Information on the composition and members of the Management Board The Management Board is entrusted with the day-to-day management Management Board. can be found in the table and in Our Management Board . and the overall strategic direction of NN Group. The organisation, role, duties and working methods of the Management The Diversity and Skills matrix provides an overview of the range of In performing its duties, the Management Board must carefully consider Board are detailed in the charter of the Management Board, which is knowledge, experience and backgrounds of the individual Management and act in accordance with the interests of NN Group and its businesses, available on the NN Group website. Board members. taking into consideration the interests of its stakeholders. When considering these interests, the Management Board will also take into Composition, appointment and removal account the continuity of NN Group, NN Group’s view on sustainable The Management Board consists of the members of the Executive long-term value creation, the impact the actions NN Group has on people Board and other members as appointed individually by the Executive and the environment, as well as applicable legislation, regulations and Board after consultation with the Supervisory Board. The number of rules of conduct. Regardless of the above, the rights and obligations of Management Board members is determined by the Executive Board. the Executive Board under Dutch law, the Articles of Association and Guiding principles for the appointment of members and the composition the charter of the Executive Board remain in full force and effect. Each of the Management Board are provided in the profile of the Executive member of the Management Board is responsible and accountable to the Board and Management Board, and in the DEI Policy. The profile and the Executive Board and within the Management Board for the specific tasks policy are available on the NN Group website. as assigned. Being comprised of the Executive Board members as well as key Composition of the Management Board as at 31 December 2025 leaders with a divisional or functional responsibility, the Management Name Position1 Date of birth Appointment Tenure Board allows for integral and holistic decision-making at the highest David Knibbe Chair, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) (as of 15 March 1971 7 July 2014 11 years level of NN Group with functions, the businesses and Executive 1 October 2019) Board members represented. Besides providing balanced, effective and Annemiek van Melick Vice-chair, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 31 March 1976 1 June 2022 3 years timely decision-making, NN Group having a Management Board also (as of 1 July 2022) provides for flexibility in terms of composition, allocation of tasks and Tjeerd Bosklopper CEO Netherlands Non-life, Banking and Technology 3 March 1975 1 September 2018 7 years (as of 1 June 2020) responsibilities, and required knowledge. In supervising the functioning Frank Eijsink CEO International Insurance 17 March 1973 1 September 2023 2 years of NN Group’s corporate governance structure, including its checks and balances, the Supervisory Board pays specific attention to the dynamics Dailah Nihot Chief People, Communications and Sustainability 12 June 1973 1 September 2018 7 years Officer (CPCSO) and relationship between the Executive Board and the Management Wilbert Ouburg Chief Risk Officer (CRO) 1 October 1985 1 October 2024 1 year Board, as well as the way the Management Board operates. Leon van Riet CEO Netherlands Life and Pensions 2 September 1964 1 June 2020 5 years The Supervisory Board is provided with all the information necessary Janet Stuijt General Counsel 26 September 1969 1 September 2018 7 years for the proper performance of its duties. In principle, members of the 1 There is no representation of employees or other workers on the Management Board. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 58 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Corporate governance Diversity and Skills matrix Committees of the Executive Board Annemiek van Tjeerd The Executive Board may establish permanent committees other David Knibbe Melick Bosklopper Frank Eijsink Dailah Nihot Wilbert Ouburg Leon van Riet Janet Stuijt than the Management Board from among its members and senior Year of birth 1971 1976 1975 1973 1973 1985 1964 1969 management. The Executive Board has established, among others, Gender: Man (M) or Woman (W) M W M M W M M W the following committees: Crisis Committee, Disclosure Committee, Nationality Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Compensation Committee, Asset & Liability Committee (ALCO) and Asset management Model Committee. l l l l l l l l Executive leadership and strategic management The main responsibility of the Crisis Committee is handling financial and l l l l l l l l non-financial crisis situations as defined by the Management Board. The Finance, accounting and audit 1 l l l l l l l l Crisis Committee is chaired by the CEO of NN Group. Innovation, transformation and customer experience l l l l l l l l The Disclosure Committee decides on disclosures related to material Insurance corporate events. The Disclosure Committee is chaired by the CFO of l l l l l l l l NN Group. Legal and corporate governance l l l l l l l l The Compensation Committee is responsible for assisting the Executive People and culture l l l l l l l l Board with remuneration topics as laid down in the NN Remuneration Retail banking Framework Standard. The Compensation Committee is chaired by the l l l l l l l l CPCSO of NN Group. Risk management 2 l l l l l l l l The Asset and Liability Committee oversees the activities and market Sustainability matters l l l l l l l l risks related to investments and the matching of assets and liabilities at Technology and cyber NN Group level. The Asset and Liability Committee is chaired by the CRO l l l l l l l l of NN Group. 1 Includes financial risk management 2 Non-financial risk management The Model Committee is responsible, among other things, for (i) e Considered an expert given previous and/or current roles (other than non-executive roles). approving the use of any Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) model and e Sufficient experience and knowledge to be able to take an informed decision. any change to a Corporate SCR model, (ii) approving updates of pricing buckets, (iii) providing advice on any model or assumption change to a SCR model that exceeds certain thresholds, (iv) approving waiver requests for delayed model reviews, (v) accepting model validation reports and (vi) discussing the yearly plan for review of the Internal Model and Model Validation planning. The Model Committee is chaired by the head of Group Risk Models and Analytics. NN Group N.V. Annual Report 2025 | 59 About NN Our strategy Our performance Managing our risks Governance Sustainability Statement Annual accounts Other information Appendix Corporate governance Supervisory Board Central Works Council, unless the Supervisory Board objects to the a petition to remove the suspended member of the Supervisory recommendation on the grounds that the recommended candidate is not Board to the Enterprise Chamber of the Amsterdam Court of Appeal Duties suitable to fulfil the duties of a member of the Supervisory Board or that (Ondernemingskamer van het Gerechtshof te Amsterdam) within one The Supervisory Board is responsible for supervising the management of the Supervisory Board will not be properly composed if the nominated month of commencement of the suspension. the Executive Board and the general course of affairs of NN Group and its candidate is appointed. businesses. The Supervisory Board may, on its own initiative, provide the The General Meeting can, by an absolute majority of votes cast, Executive Board with advice. The General Meeting may reject the nomination of a Supervisory Board representing at least one-third of the issued share capital, resolve member by an absolute majority of the votes cast by shareholders to abandon its trust (‘het vertrouwen opzeggen’) in the entire In performing its duties, the Supervisory Board must carefully consider representing at least one third of NN Group’s issued share capital. If Supervisory Board. and act in accordance with the interests of NN Group and its businesses, the General Meeting resolves to reject the nomination by an absolute taking into consideration the interests of its stakeholders. When majority of the votes cast, but this majority does not represent at A resolution to remove the Supervisory Board for lack of confidence considering these interests, the Supervisory Board shall also take into least one third of NN Group’s issued share capital, a new meeting can cannot be adopted until the Executive Board has notified the Central account the continuity of NN Group, NN Group’s view on sustainable be convened in which the nomination can be rejected by an absolute Works Council of the proposal for the resolution and the reasons for this. long-term value creation, the impact the actions of NN Group have majority of the votes cast, irrespective of the part of NN Group’s If the General Meeting removes the Supervisory Board members for lack on people and the environment, as well as applicable legislation, issued share capital represented. If the General Meeting resolves to of confidence, the Executive Board must request the Enterprise Chamber regulations and rules of conduct. reject the recommendation, the Supervisory Board will then prepare a of the Amsterdam Court of Appeal to temporarily appoint one or more new nomination. If the General Meeting does not appoint the person Supervisory Board members. The organisation, duties and working methods of the Supervisory Board nominated by the Supervisory Board and does not resolve to reject the are detailed in the charter of the Supervisory Board. The charter is nomination, the Supervisory Board will appoint the person nominated. Composition available on the NN Group website. The Supervisory Board must consist of three or more members. The A member of the Supervisory Board is appointed for a maximum total number of members is determined by the Supervisory Board. period of four years. A Supervisory Board member can be reappointed As at 31 December 2025, the Supervisory Board consisted of seven Appointment, removal and suspension once for a term of four years. A Supervisory Board member can members, who are all independent (within the meaning of best practice The members of the Supervisory Board are appointed individually by subseq
