. RISK FACTORS The risks set forth in the following RISK FACTORS could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. The information set forth in this Item 1A RISK FACTORS should be read in conjunction with the rest of the information included in this annual report, including Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. We have experienced a number of the risks described below in connection with the Incident and the Incident Proceedings (defined below). The risks described below should be read in conjunction with the information regarding the Incident and Incident Proceedings provided in Note 19 in Item 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. RISKS RELATED TO THE MERGERS We have identified certain additional RISK FACTORS in connection with the Mergers. For additional information concerning these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the section entitled RISK FACTORS included in our proxy statement filed with the SEC on October 1, 2025. The Mergers are subject to conditions, some or all of which may not be satisfied or completed on a timely basis, if at all. Failure to complete the Mergers could have material adverse effects on the Company. The completion of the Mergers is subject to a number of conditions, including, among others, the receipt of the requisite regulatory approvals, which make the completion of the Mergers and timing thereof uncertain. Also, either Union Pacific or the Company may terminate the Merger Agreement if the Mergers have not been consummated by the end date (subject to an automatic extension in certain circumstances), except that this right to terminate the Merger Agreement will not be available to any party whose failure to perform any obligation under the Merger Agreement has been the primary cause of the failure of the Mergers to be consummated on or before that date. If the Mergers are not completed, the Company s ongoing business may be materially adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the Mergers, the Company will be subject to a number of risks, including the following: the market price of the Company s Common Stock could decline; the Company could owe substantial termination fees to Union Pacific under certain circumstances; if the Merger Agreement is terminated and the Union Pacific board or the Company s board seeks another business combination, Union Pacific shareholders and Norfolk Southern shareholders cannot be certain that Union Pacific or the Company will be able to find a party willing to enter into a transaction on terms equivalent to or more attractive than the terms that the other party has agreed to in the Merger Agreement; K11 time, resources, and costs committed by the Company s management team to matters relating to the Mergers could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial opportunities; negative reactions from the financial markets or from its customers (certain of whom have and may continue to diversify their distribution networks, including in response to actions by our competitors), suppliers, employees, labor unions, or other business partners; and the Company will be required to pay its respective costs relating to the Mergers, such as legal, accounting, financial advisory, and printing fees, whether or not the Mergers are completed. In addition, if the Mergers are not completed, the Company could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the Mergers or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against the Company to perform its obligations under the Merger Agreement, and whether or not any such litigation has any merit, the cost of defending such litigation may be significant. The materialization of any of these risks could adversely impact the Company s ongoing business. Similarly, delays in the completion of the Mergers could, among other things, result in additional transaction costs, loss of revenue, or other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the Mergers. The Mergers are subject to the receipt of the requisite regulatory approvals, which requisite regulatory approvals may never be obtained, therefore preventing completion of the Mergers. In addition, in granting such approvals, regulatory authorities may impose conditions that could have a significant adverse effect on the Company or the combined company and the expected benefits of the Mergers therefore preventing completion of the Mergers. Before the Mergers may be completed, the requisite regulatory approvals must have been obtained, including STB approval. While the initial Merger application with the STB was determined to be incomplete, the Company and Union Pacific are in process of preparing a revised application that incorporates the additional items identified by the STB. The terms and conditions of the approvals that are granted may impose requirements, concessions, limitations, or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company s business. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Union Pacific and the Company have each agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with each other in doing, all things necessary, proper, or advisable to cause the conditions to closing set forth in the Merger Agreement to be satisfied and to consummate and make effective the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement prior to the end date, except that Union Pacific and its subsidiaries are not required to take, or commit to take, or agree to or accept any materially burdensome regulatory condition. For purposes of the foregoing, reasonable best efforts includes, among others, (i) proposing, negotiating, committing to, and effecting, by consent decree, hold separate order, or otherwise, the sale, divestiture, license, hold separate, or disposition of any and all of the share capital or other equity interest, assets, products, or businesses of Union Pacific and its subsidiaries or of the Company and its subsidiaries and (ii) otherwise taking or committing to take any actions that after the first effective time would limit Union Pacific s or its subsidiaries freedom of action with respect to, or their ability to retain, or otherwise agreeing to any restriction, requirement, or limitation with respect to their or one or more of their subsidiaries assets, products, or businesses, in each case as may be required in order to avoid the entry of, or to effect the dissolution of, any injunction, temporary restraining order, or other order that would otherwise have the effect of preventing or delaying the closing. The STB and other regulatory and governmental authorities may impose requirements, concessions, and other conditions on the granting of such approvals. If such regulatory and governmental authorities seek to impose such requirements, concessions, or conditions, lengthy negotiations may ensue among such authorities, Union Pacific and the Company. Such requirements, concessions, and conditions and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could have the effect of delaying completion of the Mergers and such requirements, concessions, and conditions may not be identified or satisfied for an extended period of time following the Union Pacific special meeting and the Company s special meeting. Such requirements, concessions and conditions may also impose additional costs or limitations on the combined company following the completion of the Mergers and the parties have agreed to accept such requirements, concessions, and conditions, even if significant, subject to the agreed-upon materially burdensome regulatory condition limitation in favor of Union Pacific. These requirements, concessions, and conditions may therefore reduce the anticipated benefits of the Mergers, including synergies, which could also have a significant adverse effect on the combined company s business and cash flows and results of operations, and K12 neither Union Pacific nor the Company can predict what, if any, requirements, concessions, and conditions may be required by regulatory or governmental authorities whose approvals are required. The requisite regulatory approvals may not be obtained at all, may not be obtained in a timely fashion, and may contain conditions on the completion of the Mergers. In addition, under existing law, railroad competitors and customers of Union Pacific and the Company and other interested parties may intervene to oppose the STB application or seek protective conditions in the event approval by the STB is granted, which might affect the decision of the STB, delay the approval process, or reduce the anticipated benefits of the Mergers. Furthermore, if the STB does not provide final approval or imposes conditions on its approval in a final order, and Union Pacific and the Company decide to appeal such final order from the STB, any such appeal might not be resolved for a substantial period of time after the entry of such order by the STB. The Company is subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the Mergers are pending, which could adversely affect the Company s business and operations. In connection with the pendency of the Mergers, some customers, suppliers, and other persons with whom the Company has a business relationship have or may delay or defer certain business decisions or terminate, change, or renegotiate their relationships with the Company, as the case may be, as a result of the Mergers or responsive actions taken by one or more of our competitors, which could negatively affect the Company s revenues, earnings, and cash flows, as well as the market price of the Company s Common Stock, regardless of whether the Mergers are completed. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company is subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of its business prior to completing the first Merger, which may adversely affect its ability to execute certain of its business strategies, including the ability in certain cases to enter into or amend contracts, acquire or dispose of assets, incur indebtedness, incur capital expenditures, settle litigation, amend organizational documents, declare dividends, enter new business lines, and invest in third parties. Such limitations could adversely affect the Company s businesses and operations prior to the completion of the Mergers. Uncertainties associated with the Mergers may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees, and the Company may have difficulty attracting and motivating management personnel and other key employees. The Company is dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of its management personnel and other key employees to execute its business plans. The combined company s success after the completion of the Mergers will depend in part upon the ability of the Company to attract and retain key management personnel and other key employees. Prior to completion of the Mergers, current and prospective employees of the Company may experience uncertainty about their roles within the combined company following the completion of the Mergers, which may have an adverse effect on the ability of the Company to attract or retain management personnel and other key employees. Each of the risks described above may be exacerbated by delays or other adverse developments with respect to the completion of the Mergers. INCIDENT RISKS As defined and as further described in Note 19 in Item 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, there was an Incident that occurred in the first quarter of 2023 that consisted of a February 3, 2023 train derailment in East Palestine, Ohio that included 11 non-Company-owned tank cars containing hazardous materials, fires associated with the derailment that threatened certain of the tank cars, and a controlled vent and burn procedure conducted on February 6, 2023 on five of the derailed tank cars, all of which contained vinyl chloride. As a result of the Incident, we became subject to numerous legal, regulatory, legislative, and other proceedings related thereto, including but not limited to, the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) Investigation, the FRA Incident Investigation, the FRA Safety Assessment, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) Complaint, the Ohio Complaint, the Incident Lawsuits, the Shareholder Matters, and the Incident Inquiries and Investigations (each as defined in Note 19 in Item 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ) in addition to other proceedings, actions, or potential changes in response to the Incident, including but not limited to those related to, among other items, train size, train length, K13 train composition, crew size, or detection systems (collectively, the Incident Proceedings ). Set forth below are additional risks pertaining to an investment in the Company that are related to the Incident and the Incident Proceedings. The costs, liabilities, fines, penalties, and/or financial impact resulting from or related to the Incident or the Incident Proceedings have been significant to date, may exceed expected or accrued amounts, and have and can be expected to continue to negatively affect our financial results. We have incurred and will continue to remain subject to incurring significant costs, liabilities, fines, and penalties related to the Incident and the Incident Proceedings, including amounts that may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. While we have accrued estimates of probable and reasonably estimable liabilities with respect to the Incident and the Incident Proceedings, we cannot predict the final outcome or estimate the reasonably possible range of loss with certainty, and such estimates may change over time due to a variety of factors, including but not limited to those set forth in Note 19 in Item 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or other unfavorable or unexpected developments or outcomes which could result in our current estimates being insufficient. These estimated amounts also do not include any estimate of loss for specific items for which we believe a loss is either not probable or not reasonably estimable for the reasons set forth in Note 19 in Item 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. As a result, our currently accrued amounts of estimated liabilities may be insufficient, and any additional, new or updated accruals could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. New or additional governmental regulation and/or operational changes resulting from or related to the Incident or the Incident Proceedings may negatively impact us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve. The legislative, regulatory, operational, or other actions taken, protocols adopted (including by us), or changes resulting from the Incident or any of the Incident Proceedings may, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve. We also face risks from requirements that may be imposed by the government in resolution of government actions, including, for example, restrictions on our methods of operations. Our inability to comply with the requirements of any new or additional laws, regulations, or operating protocols resulting from or related to the Incident or the Incident Proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, or operations. REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE RISKS Governmental legislation, regulation, and Executive Orders over commercial, operational, tax, safety, security, or cybersecurity matters could negatively affect us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve. Congress can enact laws, agencies can promulgate regulations, and Executive Orders can be issued that increase or alter regulation in a way that negatively affects us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve. Railroads presently are subject to commercial and operational regulation by the STB, which has jurisdiction to varying extents over rates, routes, customer access provisions, fuel surcharges, conditions of service, and the extension or abandonment of rail lines. The STB also has jurisdiction over the consolidation, merger, or acquisition of control of and by rail common carriers. Additional, updated, or changed oversight and regulation of the rail industry by Congress or the STB, whether under new, existing, amended, or repealed laws or regulations, including but not limited to those pertaining to reciprocal switching, if imposed, could have a significant negative impact on our ability to negotiate prices for rail services, on our railway operating revenues, and on the efficiency, conduct, or complexity of our operations. Such additional or updated industry regulation, as well as enactment of any new or updated tax laws, could also negatively impact cash flows from our operating activities and, therefore, result in reduced capital spending on our rail network or abandonment of lines. Railroads are also subject to the enactment of laws by Congress and regulation by the DOT (including the FRA) and the DHS (including the TSA), which regulate many aspects of our operations related to safety, security, and K14 cybersecurity. Additional or updated safety, security, or cybersecurity regulation by Congress, the DOT, or DHS could have a negative impact on our business and the efficiency, conduct, or complexity of our operations including (but not limited to) increased operating costs, capital expenditures, claims, and litigation. Our inability to comply with, or operational practices and costs necessary to adhere to, the requirements of existing or updated laws, regulations, or Executive Orders that govern our operations or the rail industry, including but not limited to those pertaining to commercial, operational, tax, safety, security, or cybersecurity matters, as such requirements may be interpreted or enforced from time to time (such as in connection with a pending regulatory or other legal proceedings or lawsuits), could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We are addressing multiple governmental actions as a result of the Incident, as noted in Incident Risks above. Federal and state environmental laws and regulations could negatively impact us and our operations. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things: emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, use, and disposal of waste and other materials; and, the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. The risk of incurring environmental liability, for acts and omissions, past, present, and future, is inherent in the railroad business. This risk includes property owned by us, whether currently or in the past, that is or has been subject to a variety of uses, including our railroad operations and other industrial activity by past owners or our past and present tenants. Environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on these properties, and we could incur environmental liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which cannot be estimated reliably at this time, with respect to one or more of these properties. Moreover, lawsuits and claims involving other unidentified environmental sites and matters are likely to arise from time to time. Our inability to comply with the extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations to which we are subject could result in significant liabilities, fines, or sanctions, including those related to the investigation or remediation of known and unknown environmental contamination, or otherwise adversely impact our operations. U.S. international trade relationships may adversely impact our customers, our industry, and our business. We transport a significant number of shipments that have either been imported into the U.S. or are destined for export from the U.S. Trade discussions and arrangements between the U.S. and various of its trading partners are fluid, and existing and future trade agreements are, and are expected to continue to be, subject to a number of uncertainties, including the imposition of new tariffs or adjustments and changes to the products covered by existing tariffs. Any decision by the U.S. government to adopt actions such as border taxes on imports, an increase in customs duties or tariffs, or the renegotiation of U.S. trade agreements, or any other action that could have a negative impact on international trade, including corresponding actions taken by other countries in response to U.S. governmental actions, could cause a reduction in the volume of shipments by many of our customers. Any changes in tax and trade policies in the U.S. and corresponding actions by other countries could adversely impact our financial performance. In addition, compliance with any new laws, regulations, or policies with regard to any of the foregoing may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. Any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or policies in the U.S. or other countries could result in substantial fines or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could materially adversely affect us. K15 OPERATIONAL RISKS A significant adverse event on our network may significantly impede our ability to operate and serve our customers. The nature of our operations inherently comes with the risk that one or more significant adverse events or outages may occur on or impact our network resulting in our inability or restricted ability to provide rail transportation services to our customers. These events include but are not limited to, a mainline accident, a hazardous material discharge, a climate-related network outage, or a technology-related network outage. Any one or more of these incidents could expose us to significant operational and managerial challenges, as well as reputational damage, requiring a significant amount of time and focus of our Board and management team, as well as significant lost revenues, expenses, liabilities, fines, and penalties, including amounts that may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. One or more of these events may also result in subsequent legislative, regulatory, operational or other responsive actions taken, changes or protocols adopted (including by us), or requirements imposed that may, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, or operations, or on our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve. If we are unable to successfully execute on our strategic initiatives, our business and future results of operations may suffer. Our growth strategy includes increasing the volume of shipments moving through our railway networks. We are reliant on the success of our strategic plans and initiatives to execute on this growth strategy, as well as to help offset increasing costs. These strategic plans include marketing, service, growth, and productivity initiatives. The timely and effective execution of our strategies are dependent upon, among other factors, (i) our ability to maintain satisfactory relations with our customers, employees, and other key stakeholders, (ii) our ability to effectively control costs, (iii) the progress and success of our safety programs and inspection technologies, and (iv) our ability to timely and effectively maintain and upgrade technology systems and other infrastructure for our railway networks. Our failure to successfully execute on our strategic initiatives may expose us to a number of risks, including, that our projected volume growth may differ from actual results, and prior capital investments based on our projections may contribute to excess capacity that could negatively impact our profitability. As a common carrier by rail, we must offer to transport hazardous materials, which exposes us to significant costs and claims. Transportation of certain hazardous materials or third party-owned equipment (typically used to transport such materials) creates risks of significant losses in terms of personal injury and property (including environmental) damage and compromises critical parts of our rail network. The costs of a catastrophic rail accident involving hazardous materials or third party-owned equipment could exceed our insurance coverage. We have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages (see Note 19 in Item 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ); however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us. Any future legislation preventing the transportation of hazardous materials through specific cities could have negative impacts including increased network congestion and operating costs, reduced operating efficiency, and increased risk of an accident involving hazardous materials. With regard to the risks arising from the transportation of hazardous materials, the Incident and the Incident Proceedings have given rise to significant costs to us and impacts on our rail network, as noted in Incident Risks above. With respect to third party-owned equipment, the primary risk arises from the potential for a latent defect we are unable to identify despite robust safety inspection protocols. We face competition from other transportation providers. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. While we have primarily used internal resources to build or acquire and maintain our rail system, trucks and barges have been able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation changing or materially increasing the efficiency or reducing the cost of one or more alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate (such as granting materially greater latitude for motor carriers with respect to size or weight limitations or adoption and utilization of K16 autonomous commercial vehicles) could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete with other modes of transportation. In addition, our industry continues to evolve, including customer demands for faster transit times and increased visibility, and the potential for increased competition (due to growth in the market, competitors with improved financial capacity or technology, or business combinations resulting in one or more competitors providing a wider variety of services and products at competitive prices) which may, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Capacity constraints could negatively impact our service and operating efficiency. We have experienced and may again experience capacity constraints on our rail network related to employee or equipment shortages, increased demand for rail services, severe weather, congestion on other railroads, including passenger activities, or impacts from changes to our network structure or composition. Such constraints could result in operational inefficiencies or adversely affect our operations. Significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and resources like locomotives. Changes in workforce demographics, training requirements, and availability of qualified personnel, particularly for engineers and conductors, have negatively impacted and may again negatively impact our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service. Unpredicted increases in demand for rail services may exacerbate such risks and could negatively impact our operational efficiency. Constraints on the supply chain or the operations of carriers with which we interchange may adversely affect our operations. Our ability to provide rail service to our customers depends in large part upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers (including shortlines and regional railroads) with respect to, among other matters, freight rates, revenue division, car supply and locomotive availability, data exchange and communications, reciprocal switching, interchange, and trackage rights. Deterioration in the supply chain or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. Additionally, any significant consolidations, mergers, or operational changes among other railroads may alter our market access and reach. We may be negatively affected by terrorism or war. Any terrorist attack, or other similar event, any government response thereto, and war or risk of war could cause significant business interruption or other operational challenges. Because we play a critical role in the nation s transportation system, we could become the target of such an attack or have a significant role in the government s preemptive approach or response to an attack or war. Insurance coverage under Norfolk Southern's property and liability policies extends to certain acts of terrorism. In addition, premiums for some or all of our current insurance programs covering these losses could increase dramatically, or insurance coverage for certain losses could be unavailable to us in the future. We may be negatively affected by supply constraints resulting from disruptions in our fuel markets or supplier markets. We consumed approximately 366 million gallons of diesel fuel in 2025. Fuel availability could be affected by limitation in the fuel supply or by imposition of mandatory allocation or rationing regulations. A severe fuel supply shortage arising from production curtailments, increased demand in existing or emerging foreign markets, disruption of oil imports, disruption of domestic refinery production, damage to refinery or pipeline infrastructure, political unrest, war, or other factors could impact us as well as our customers and other transportation companies. Due to the capital-intensive nature, as well as the industry-specific requirements of the rail industry, high barriers of entry exist for potential new suppliers of core railroad items, such as locomotives and rolling stock equipment. As a result, we are dependent on certain key suppliers and manufacturers of locomotive and railroad items. Disruption to one or more of our key suppliers or manufacturers, including as a result of stopped or restricted production, labor stoppage or restriction, or significant supply shortage or outage could negatively impact our operating efficiency and increase costs. Additionally, we compete with other industries for available capacity and raw materials used in K17 the production of locomotives and certain track and rolling stock materials. Changes in the competitive landscapes of these limited supplier markets could also result in significantly increased prices or material shortages. We may be negatively affected by energy prices. Fuel and energy costs have a significant impact on our operations. Volatility in energy prices could have a significant effect on a variety of items including, but not limited to: the economy; demand for transportation services; business related to the energy sector, including crude oil, natural gas, and coal; fuel prices; and, fuel surcharges, each of which could have a material impact on our business and results of operations. In addition, we may also experience a disruption in energy supplies as a result of new or increased regulation, as a result of war or geopolitical conflicts, weather-related events or natural disasters, or other factors beyond our control, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Pandemics, epidemics, or endemic diseases could further negatively impact us, our customers, our supply chain, and our operations. The magnitude and duration of a pandemic, epidemic, or endemic disease, and its impact on our customers and general economic conditions can influence the demand for our services and affect our revenues. In addition, such outbreaks could affect our operations and business continuity if a significant number of our essential employees, overall or in a key location, are unable to work from contraction of or exposure to the disease or if governmental orders prevent our employees or critical suppliers from working. To the extent such diseases adversely affect our business and financial results, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the RISK FACTORS included herein or may affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us. Our business is capital intensive, and we must make capital decisions based upon expectations of future usage of our assets. We make significant investments in our railroad infrastructure, including railroad property, track infrastructure, locomotives, freight cars, intermodal equipment, technology, and other assets to support our network, much of which is costly and requires significant capital outlay. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including expectations of future carload traffic. In many cases, we must make advance commitments to purchase or modify equipment prior to such equipment being needed. As a result, we must predict volume levels and other requirements and make commitments based on those projections. A significant variance in our expectations or projections could result in too much or too little equipment relative to our actual needs and volumes, thereby negatively impacting our operations or financial results. TECHNOLOGY RISKS A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure resulting from internal and external threats could disrupt our business operations. To conduct business, we extensively rely on information and operational technology systems. The threat landscape is vast, with potential attacks from cybercriminals, nation-states, state-sponsored actors and others including, but not limited to, service denials, unauthorized access, compromised equipment or rolling stock, extortion, or theft of data or money. As a result, our business continuity and disaster recovery plans and activities may not be sufficient for all eventualities, resulting in the potential for a data breach or significant service or operational disruption or failure involving one or more information or operational technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties, including computer hardware, software, cloud services and transportation and communications equipment. Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact our business by, among other things, preventing intercompany communications and disrupting operations that may result in direct or indirect monetary losses, damage to equipment or property, or loss of confidence in corporate competency. Any one or more of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or operations. Although we maintain security programs designed to protect our information and operational technology systems, we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks and we may be unable to detect or prevent a breach of our systems or equipment or disruption to our service in the future. In addition, while we have previously experienced technology outages and cybersecurity events that have impacted our systems and service, future events may result in more significant impacts to our operations, reputation or financial results. These potentially impactful future events could include service disruptions, unauthorized access to our systems or equipment, viruses, ransomware, and/or the compromise, acquisition, or destruction of our data. We also could be impacted by cybersecurity events targeting third parties K18 that we rely on for business operations, including third party vendors that have access to our systems or data and third parties who provide services and are in our supply chain. Such a direct or indirect cybersecurity incident could interrupt our service, cause safety failures or operational difficulties, decrease revenues, increase operating costs, impact our efficiency, damage our corporate reputation, and/or expose us to litigation or government action or increased regulation, which could result in penalties, fines or judgments. In addition, our failure to comply with or adhere to privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in government investigations and proceedings against us, or litigation, resulting in adverse reputational impacts, penalties, and legal liability. Our business may be seriously harmed if we fail to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect and integrate our information or operational technology systems. If we fail to develop, acquire or implement new technology, or otherwise fail to maintain, protect or integrate our information or operational technology systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing alternative modes of transportation service. The techniques used by cybersecurity threat actors to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, as data breaches and other cybersecurity events have become increasingly commonplace. Consequently, these techniques may be difficult to detect and cybersecurity events are therefore increasingly difficult to prevent. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning (both of which we use), may make it more difficult to anticipate cybersecurity threats and implement adequate protective countermeasures. If we fail to adequately develop or maintain our information or operational technology systems or cybersecurity infrastructure, we may become increasingly vulnerable to cybersecurity events, or other breaches or disruptions to our information or operational technology systems. LITIGATION RISKS We may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures. The nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, commercial disputes, freight loss and other property damage, and other matters. Job-related personal injury and occupational claims are subject to the Federal Employer s Liability Act (FELA), which is applicable only to railroads. FELA s fault-based tort system produces results that are unpredictable and inconsistent as compared with a no-fault worker s compensation system. The variability inherent in this system could result in actual costs being different from the liability recorded. A catastrophic rail accident, whether on our lines or another carrier s, involving any or all of release of hazardous materials, freight loss, property damage, personal injury, and environmental liability could compromise critical parts of our rail network. Losses associated with such an accident involving us could exceed our insurance coverage, resulting in a material adverse effect on our financial position or liquidity. Any material changes to current litigation trends could also have a material adverse effect on our financial position or liquidity to the extent not covered by insurance. We have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us. We are incurring significant expenditures as a result of claims and lawsuits arising from the Incident and the related Incident Proceedings, as described in Incident Risks above. HUMAN CAPITAL RISKS Failure to attract, retain, and transition key executive officers, or skilled professional or technical employees could adversely impact our business and operations. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled employees, including key executive officers to oversee our operational, productivity, marketing, and technological initiatives, as well as a sufficient number of skilled professional and craft employees to enable us to efficiently conduct our operations. Difficulties in recruiting and retaining skilled employees, including train and K19 engine workers, key executives, and other skilled professional and technical employees; the loss of such individuals; and/or our inability to successfully transition key executive, professional, technical, or skilled roles could each have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and operations. The loss of one or more key employees could also result in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base and may result in our inability or increased difficulty in successfully transitioning key roles, which could materially adversely impact our business. The vast majority of our employees belong to labor unions, and the renegotiation of labor agreements or any provisions thereof, or any strikes or work stoppages (including any entered into in connection with any such negotiations), could adversely affect our operations. Approximately 80% of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. Future national labor agreements, or renegotiation of labor agreements or provisions of labor agreements, could significantly increase our costs for health care, wages, and other benefits. In addition, if our craft employees were to engage in or threaten a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, including in connection with the renegotiation of any collective bargaining agreements or any provisions thereof, we could experience a significant disruption in our operations, customer base, or belief in our ability to provide consistent service, thereby adversely affecting our operations or ability to provide services. CLIMATE CHANGE RISKS Severe weather and disasters have caused, and could again cause, significant business interruptions and expenditures. Severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena resulting from changing weather patterns and rising sea levels or other causes, including hurricanes, floods, fires, landslides, extreme temperatures, significant precipitation, and earthquakes, have caused, and may again cause damage to our network, our workforce to be unavailable, and us to be unable to use our equipment, or otherwise cause significant interruptions to our operations. Additionally, shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change are expected to increase the frequency, severity, or duration of certain adverse weather conditions, which could cause more significant business interruptions that result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues. Our inability to quickly and effectively restore operations following adverse weather and disasters could materially impact our business and results of operations. To the extent such weather events or natural disasters become more frequent or severe, disruptions to our business and those of our customers and costs to repair damaged property and equipment or maintain or resume operations could increase. Furthermore, climate change may contribute to an increase in the incidence and severity of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions and reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance for such events. MACROECONOMIC AND MARKET RISKS We may be negatively impacted by changes in general economic conditions. Because our business is dependent on the rail shipping needs of our customers, negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions, including reduced import and export volumes, could affect the producers and consumers of the freight we carry. Recessionary economic cycles and downturns in customers business cycles, especially in market segments and industries where we have a significant concentration of customers, may substantially reduce our volumes, and lead to excess capacity in the industry, resulting in pressure on rates we are able to obtain for our services. Economic conditions could also result in bankruptcies of one or more of our customers. Changes in general economic conditions are beyond our control, and it may be difficult for us to adjust our business model. We are impacted by industrial production, inflation, unemployment, and consumer spending. We have been and may in the future be, materially impacted by adverse developments in these aspects of the economy. The state of capital markets could adversely affect our liquidity. We rely on the capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements, including the issuance of debt instruments and the sale of certain receivables. Significant instability or disruptions of the capital markets, including the credit markets, or deterioration of our financial position due to internal or external factors could restrict or eliminate our access to, and/or significantly increase the cost of, various financing sources, including bank credit facilities and issuance of corporate bonds. Instability or disruptions of the capital markets and deterioration of our financial position, alone or in combination, could also result in a reduction of our credit rating to below investment grade, which could prohibit or restrict us K20 from accessing external sources of short- and long-term debt financing and/or significantly increase the associated costs. 
