 . RISK FACTORS Many of the factors that affect our business and operations involve risk and uncertainty. The factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Industry Specific RISK FACTORS Overcapacity in the global steel industry could increase the level of steel imports into the United States, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows . Global steel production overcapacity continues to be an ongoing risk to Nucor and the entire steel industry. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD ) has estimated global steel production overcapacity to be approximately 704 million net tons in 2025. This level of excess capacity is eight times the current annual steel production in the United States. China continues to be a significant contributor to excess steelmaking capacity, producing more than one billion net tons of steel in each of the past eight years, despite experiencing slower economic growth. Chinese steel producers are also investing in new steelmaking capacity in several countries in southeast Asia and Africa. As a result, the OECD projects that excess global steel capacity could increase nearly 20% to an estimated 795 million net tons by 2027. 18 During periods of global economic weakness, the effects of this overcapacity are amplified because of weaker global demand for steel and steel products. Steel manufacturers in non-market economies, such as China, tend not to adjust their production levels in line with regional demand and instead export significant amounts of steel and steel products at prices that can be at or below their costs of production. In countries with non-market economies, the steel industry is often subsidized or owned in whole or in part by the government, which can provide these producers with cost advantages or cause their production decisions to be driven by political or social factors rather than price and demand signals. Surplus output from steel producers in these countries can flow into the U.S. market. These exports to the U.S. can result in downward pressure on realized steel prices for Nucor, adversely affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. After recent years of weakened effectiveness due to country exemptions and product exclusions, steel tariffs first imposed in 2018 under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act were fully reinstated in 2025 without exceptions or exclusions, and were broadened to cover approximately 600 fabricated steel products. These comprehensive tariffs have been more effective in combating circumvention behaviors and keeping unfairly traded imports out of the U.S. market. There can be no assurance as to when or if the Section 232 or other import tariffs, quotas or other duties may be enacted, enforced, extended, modified or terminated in the future. If the Section 232 or other import tariffs, quotas or duties expire or if others are further relaxed or repealed, or if relatively higher U.S. steel prices or a stronger U.S. dollar make it attractive for foreign steelmakers to export their steel products to the United States, despite the presence of import tariffs, quotas or duties, the resurgence of substantial imports of foreign steel could create downward pressure on U.S. steel prices. Our industry is cyclical and both recessions and prolonged periods of slow economic growth may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Demand for most of our products is cyclical in nature and sensitive to general economic conditions. Our business supports cyclical industries, such as the construction, energy, metals service centers, appliance and automotive industries. As a result, downturns in the U.S. economy or any of these industries could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We are unable to predict the duration of current economic conditions or the magnitude or timing of changes in economic activity. Future economic downturns, prolonged slow growth or stagnation in the economy, a sector-specific slowdown in one of our key end-use markets, such as nonresidential construction, or changes in inflation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, especially in light of the capital-intensive nature of our business. Competition from other steel producers, imports or alternative materials may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We face ongoing competition from other steel producers and imports that compete with our products on price, quality and service. The markets for our products are highly competitive and a number of firms, domestic and foreign, participate in the steel, steel products and raw materials markets. Depending on a variety of factors, including the cost and availability of raw materials, energy, technology, labor, transportation and capital costs, currency exchange rates, government subsidies of foreign steel producers and other global political and economic factors, our business may be materially adversely affected by more intense competitive forces. In many applications, steel competes with other materials, such as concrete, aluminum, plastics, composites and wood. Increased use or availability of these materials in substitution for steel products could have a material adverse effect on prices and demand for our steel products. 19 Our business requires substantial capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital resources may not be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements. Our business requires substantial expenditures for routine maintenance and to remain competitive. For the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, our total capital expenditures were approximately $8.90 billion. In the last three years we announced various substantial capital projects that we expect will increase production capacity, increase the efficiency of our operations and enhance our product offerings. Although we expect requirements for our business needs, including the funding of capital expenditures, debt service for financings and any contingencies, will be financed by internally generated funds, short-term commercial paper issuances, offerings of our debt securities or from borrowings under our $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, we cannot guarantee that this will be the case. Additional acquisitions, increases in interest rates or unforeseen events could require financing from additional sources. Changes in the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our steel mills are large consumers of electricity and natural gas. In addition, our DRI facilities are also large consumers of natural gas. We rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products. The prices for and availability of electricity and natural gas can be volatile. They are often affected by weather, political, regulatory and economic factors beyond our control, and we may be unable to raise the price of our products to offset increased energy costs. Disruptions, including physical or information systems related issues, that impact the supply of our energy resources could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our products for our customers. Increases in our energy costs that are not similarly applicable to our competitors' operations could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our business and results of operations may be negatively affected by volatility in steel prices and the cost and availability of raw materials, particularly scrap steel . We rely to an extent on outside vendors to supply us with key consumables such as graphite electrodes, alloys and other raw materials, including both scrap and scrap substitutes (e.g., prime scrap, pig iron and DRI) that are critical to the manufacture of our steel products. The raw material required to produce DRI is pelletized iron ore. Although we have vertically integrated our business by constructing our DRI facilities in Trinidad and Louisiana and also by acquiring our scrap processing and brokerage operations, DJJ, in 2008, we still must purchase most of our primary raw material, steel scrap, from numerous other sources located throughout the United States and internationally. Although we believe that the supply of scrap and scrap substitutes will remain adequate to operate our facilities, prices of these critical raw materials are volatile and are influenced by changes in scrap exports in response to changes in the scrap, scrap substitutes and iron ore demands of our global competitors, as well as volatility in currency rates and political conditions. At any given time, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these critical raw materials with price and other terms acceptable to us. The availability and prices of raw materials may also be negatively affected by new laws and regulations, allocation by suppliers, interruptions in production, accidents or natural disasters, war and other forms of armed conflict or political instability, changes in exchange rates, worldwide price fluctuations, including due to global political and economic factors, changes in governmental, business and consumer spending, inflation, increases in interest rates, labor shortages, and the availability and cost of transportation. Many countries that export steel into our markets restrict the export of scrap, protecting the supply chain of some foreign competitors. This trade practice creates an artificial competitive advantage for foreign producers that could limit our ability to compete in the U.S. market. If our suppliers increase the prices of our critical raw materials, we may not have alternative sources of supply. In addition, to the extent that we have quoted prices to our customers and accepted customer 20 orders for our products prior to purchasing necessary raw materials, we may be unable to raise the price of our products to cover all or part of the increased cost of the raw materials or pass along increased transportation costs. Also, if we are unable to obtain adequate, cost-effective and timely deliveries of our required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of our products. This could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs, experience margin compressions or suffer harm to our reputation and customer relationships, any of which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our steelmaking processes, our DRI processes, and the manufacturing processes of many of our suppliers, customers and competitors are energy intensive and generate carbon dioxide and other GHGs. The regulation of these GHGs may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, and, accordingly, we make provision in our financial statements for the estimated costs of compliance. There are inherent uncertainties in these estimates. Most notably, the uncertainty of policies, enforcement priorities, legislation and international regulations related to climate change mitigation strategies pose the greatest risk. As a carbon steel producer, Nucor could be increasingly affected both directly and indirectly by new or changing carbon policy decisions and mandates. Carbon is an essential raw material in Nucor s steel production processes. Furthermore, Nucor steel mills use significant amounts of electricity as 100% of our mills utilize EAF technology for our steel melting operations and the decarbonization of electricity generation may lead to high power costs and uncertainty in reliability. Significant changes to the regional power grids serving our steel mills and/or new rulemaking or legislation affecting the operation of these power grids may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Environmental regulation compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased costs and materially adversely impact our competitive position. We incur significant costs to achieve and maintain compliance with environmental regulations and remediation obligations. The principal federal environmental laws include the CAA, which regulates air emissions; the CWA which regulates water withdrawals and discharges; the RCRA, which addresses solid and hazardous waste treatment, storage and disposal; and the CERCLA, which governs releases of hazardous substances, and remediation of contaminated sites. Our operations are also subject to state and local environmental laws and regulations. In addition to the above-mentioned statutes, revisions to National Ambient Air Quality Standards ("NAAQS"), including the implementation actions/decisions of environmental agencies, could make it significantly more difficult to obtain construction permits and permits to expand existing operations. Resulting cancellations, delays or unanticipated costs to these projects could negatively impact our ability to generate expected returns on our investments. Emission reductions for existing operations due to a NAAQS revision may also be required. These regulations can also increase our cost of energy, primarily electricity, which we use extensively in the steelmaking process. We may in the future incur substantially increased costs complying with such regulations, particularly if federal regulatory agencies were to change their enforcement posture with respect to such regulations. Emerging customer preferences for greater product transparency and less GHG intensive materials may put us at a competitive disadvantage as a carbon steel producer. The federal government and numerous states are considering establishing, or have already established, requirements for Environmental Product Declarations ( EPDs ) so that consumers may more readily evaluate the environmental impacts of products. California has enacted the Buy Clean California Act and California has also established Global Warming Potential benchmarks through EPDs for certain materials, including certain steel products. EPD legislation has caused Nucor to incur additional costs and 21 has the potential to put Nucor and its customers at a disadvantage to foreign competitors unless standardized mechanisms are used to fully evaluate and track products produced by foreign producers. General RISK FACTORS We are subject to information technology and cybersecurity threats which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We utilize various information technology systems to efficiently address business functions ranging from the operation of our production equipment to administrative computation to the storage of data such as intellectual property and proprietary business information. We also utilize third-party service providers for certain information technology services that are important to our operations. We continuously evaluate our cybersecurity systems and practices, assess potential threats, and improve our information technology networks, policies and procedures to address potential vulnerabilities. Despite efforts to assure secure and uninterrupted operations, threats from increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks or system failures could result in materially adverse operational disruptions or security breaches of our systems or those of our third-party service providers. These risks could result in disclosure or destruction of key proprietary information or personal data or reputational damage, theft of assets or trade secrets, or could adversely affect our ability to physically produce or transport steel, resulting in lost revenues, as well as delays in reporting our financial results. We also could be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a cybersecurity breach, including to repair or replace networks and information technology systems. We may also contend with potential liability for stolen information, increased cybersecurity protection costs, litigation expense and increased insurance premiums. Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. The steelmaking business is subject to numerous inherent risks, particularly unplanned events such as explosions, fires, other accidents, natural disasters such as floods, hurricanes or earthquakes, critical equipment failures, acts of terrorism, inclement weather and transportation interruptions. Nucor maintains property insurance for these types of losses but self-insures a significant portion of the program. Therefore, while our insurance coverage could offset a portion of the losses relating to some of those types of events, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted to the extent that any such losses are not covered by our insurance, or that there are significant delays in resolving our claims with our insurance providers. We acquire businesses and enter into joint ventures from time to time and we may encounter difficulties in integrating businesses we acquire. We plan to continue to seek attractive opportunities to acquire businesses, enter into joint ventures and make other investments that strengthen Nucor. Realizing the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or other transactions will depend on our ability to operate these businesses and integrate them with our operations, effectively identify and manage risks, and cooperate with our strategic partners. Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate these businesses or otherwise fail to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or other transactions. Risks associated with operating in international markets may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Certain of our businesses and investments are located outside of the United States, in Canada, Mexico and in emerging markets. There are a number of risks inherent in doing business in or sourcing raw materials from such markets. These risks include, but are not limited to: unfavorable political or economic factors; local labor and social issues; changes in regulatory requirements; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and inflation; and complex foreign laws, treaties including tax laws, and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. These risks could restrict our ability to operate 22 our international businesses profitably and therefore have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our reported results of operations and financial position could also be negatively affected by exchange rates when the activities and balances of our foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. Pandemics, epidemics and other public health emergencies in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our operations expose us to risks associated with pandemics, epidemics and other public health emergencies. A pandemic or any similar event may have negative impacts on our operations, supply chain, transportation networks and customers, which may compress our margins or impact demand for our steel products, including as a result of preventative and precautionary measures that we, other businesses and governments have taken or may take in the future. In addition, the ability of our teammates and our suppliers and customers teammates to work may be significantly impacted by these types of public health emergencies. Our customers may be directly impacted by business interruptions or weak market conditions and may not be willing or able to fulfill their contractual obligations. Furthermore, the progression of and global response to these types of public health emergencies can cause and increase the risk of delays in construction activities and equipment deliveries related to our capital projects, including potential delays in obtaining permits from government agencies, as well as changes in the prices and availability of labor and equipment for capital projects. The accounting treatment of equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets could result in future asset impairments, which would reduce our earnings. We periodically test our equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets to determine whether their estimated fair value is less than their value recorded on our balance sheet. The results of this testing for potential impairment may be adversely affected by uncertain market conditions for the global steel industry, as well as changes in interest rates, commodity prices and general economic conditions. If we determine that the fair value of any of these assets is less than the value recorded on our balance sheet, and, in the case of equity method investments the decline is other than temporary, we would likely incur a non-cash impairment loss that would negatively impact our results of operations. Tax increases and changes in tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional tax liabilities may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows. The steel industry and our business are sensitive to changes in taxes. As a company based in the United States, Nucor is more exposed to the effects of changes in U.S. tax laws than some of our major competitors. Our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in U.S. tax laws. Nucor recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are believed to be more likely than not of being sustained. We cannot predict whether taxing authorities will conduct an audit challenging any of our tax positions and there can be no assurance as to the outcome of any challenges. If we are unsuccessful in any of these matters, we may be required to pay taxes for prior periods, interest, fines or penalties. 23 We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks . We spend substantial resources ensuring that we comply with domestic and foreign regulations, contractual obligations and other legal standards. Notwithstanding this, we are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and legal compliance risks in respect of various issues, including regulatory, safety, environmental, employment, transportation, intellectual property, contractual, import/export, international trade and governmental matters that arise in the course of our business and in our industry. For information regarding our current significant legal proceedings, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings. A negative outcome in an unusual or significant legal proceeding or compliance investigation could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. While we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, the nature of our operations means that legal compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, will arise from time to time. 
