 framework continued Risk management structure The diagram shows NWH Group’s risk management structure in 2025 and key risk management responsibilities. Director of Risk, Retail Banking Design and delivery of Retail Banking risk strategy and service proposition. Oversight of risk management across Retail Banking. Supports the DINEDs(1) NatWest Group through the identification, documentation, management and escalation of Chief Executive any potential ring-fencing conflicts of interest. Officer NWH Chief Executive Group Chief Credit Officer and Director of Risk, Commercial & Institutional Officer Ring Fenced Bank Design and delivery of Commercial & Institutional Ring Fenced Bank risk strategy and service proposition. Oversight of risk management across Commercial & Institutional Ring Fenced Bank. Provides oversight and challenge in approach to credit risk management across NWH Group. Director of Risk, Private Banking & Wealth Management and Chief Risk Officer, Coutts & Company Design and delivery of Private Banking & Wealth Management risk strategy and NatWest Group service proposition. Oversight of risk management across Private Banking & Wealth Chief Risk Officer Management businesses. NWH Chief Operating Officer, Risk and EWRMF Director Chief Risk Officer Centralised support for the risk management function. Provides model risk oversight as well as framework design and development. Provides specialist advice on risk culture and risk appetite matters to the Directors of Risk responsible for business oversight. Director of Risk, Finance & Treasury Lead risk specialist for market risk, prudential risk, pension risk and stress testing, and Director of Risk for Finance providing expert advice, insight, reporting and effective risk oversight and challenge. Director of Non-Financial Risk Centralised oversight of non-financial risk across NWH. Design and delivery of compliance and conduct strategy and service proposition. Design and delivery of financial crime strategy and service proposition, oversight of financial crime risk management. Provides specialist technical advice to the Directors of Risk responsible for business oversight. Director of Risk, Digital X & Functions (excl. Finance) Risk partner for NatWest Digital X & Functions (excl. Finance) providing expert advice, insight, reporting and effective risk oversight and challenge. (1) Double Independent Non-Executive Directors. (2) The NatWest Group Chief Executive Officer also performs the role of NWH Chief Executive Officer, and the NatWest Group Chief Risk Officer also performs the role of NWH Group Chief Risk Officer. (3) The NWH Chief Risk Officer reports directly to the NWH Chief Executive Officer. There is a further secondary reporting line to the chair of the Board Risk Committee and a right of access to the committee. (4) The Risk function is independent of the customer-facing business segments and support functions. Its structure is divided into three parts (Directors of Risk, Specialist Risk Directors and Chief Operating Officer) to facilitate effective management of the risks facing NWH Risk committees in the customer businesses and key functional risk committees oversee risk exposures arising from management and business activities and focus on ensuring that these are adequately monitored and controlled. The Directors of Risk, (Retail Banking; Commercial & Institutional Banking (ring-fenced bank); Private Banking & Wealth Management; Financial & Strategic Risk; Non-Financial Risk and Compliance and Conduct) as well as the Director, Financial Crime Risk NatWest Holdings and the Chief Operating Officer report to the NWH Chief Risk Officer. (5) Following revocation of the Ulster Bank Ireland DAC banking licence in June 2025, a Retail Credit Firm (RCF), ‘Ulydien DAC’, has been put in place. As the RCF’s Managing Director reports to the CEO of NatWest Retail, any Risk matters are now escalated via the Director of Risk, Retail Banking. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 10 Risk and capital management continued Risk management framework continued Three lines of defence Risk appetite framework NatWest Group uses the industry-standard three lines of defence The risk appetite framework supports effective risk management model to articulate accountabilities and responsibilities for by promoting sound risk-taking through a structured approach, managing risk. This supports the embedding of effective risk within agreed boundaries. It also ensures emerging risks and risk- management throughout the organisation. taking activities that might be out of appetite are identified, assessed, escalated and addressed in a timely manner. First line of defence The first line of defence incorporates most roles in NatWest To facilitate this, a detailed review of the framework is carried Group, including those in the customer-facing businesses, out annually which is approved by the Board. The review Technology and Services as well as support functions such as includes: People, Legal and Finance. • Assessing the adequacy of the framework compared to The first line of defence is empowered to take risks within the internal and external expectations. constraints of the risk management framework, policies, risk • Ensuring the framework remains effective and acts as a appetite statements set by NatWest Group and measures set by strong control environment for risk appetite. the NWH Group Board. • Assessing the level of embedding of risk appetite across the organisation. The first line of defence is responsible for managing its direct risks, and with the support of specialist functions, it is also Establishing risk appetite responsible for managing its consequential risks, by identifying, In line with the risk appetite framework, risk appetite is assessing, mitigating, monitoring and reporting risks. maintained across NWH Group through risk appetite statements. These are in place for all principal risks and describe the extent Second line of defence and type of activities that can be undertaken. The second line of defence comprises the Risk function and is independent of the first line. The financial and non-financial risks that NWH Group faces are detailed in the NatWest Group risk directory. This provides a The second line of defence is empowered to design and maintain common risk language to ensure consistent terminology is used the risk management framework and its components. It across NWH Group. The NatWest Group risk directory is subject undertakes proactive risk oversight and continuous monitoring to annual review to ensure it continues to fully reflect the risks activities to confirm that NWH Group engages in permissible and that NWH Group faces. sustainable risk-taking activities. Risk appetite statements consist of qualitative statements of The second line of defence advises on, monitors, challenges, appetite supported by risk limits and triggers that operate as a approves and escalates where required and reports on the risk- defence against excessive risk-taking. Risk measures and their taking activities of the first line of defence, ensuring that these associated limits are an integral part of the risk appetite are within the constraints of the risk management framework, approach and a key part of embedding risk appetite in day-to- policies, risk appetite statements set by NatWest Group and day risk management decisions. A clear tolerance for each measures set by the NWH Group Board. principal risk is set in alignment with business activities. Third line of defence The Board sets risk appetite to help ensure NWH Group is well The third line of defence is the Internal Audit function and is placed to meet its priorities and long-term targets, even in independent of the first and second lines. challenging economic environments. This supports NWH Group in remaining resilient and secure as it pursues its strategic business The third line of defence is responsible for providing independent objectives. assurance to the NatWest Group Board, its subsidiary legal entity boards and executive management on the overall design and The process of reviewing and updating risk appetite statements operating effectiveness of the risk management framework and is completed alongside the business and financial planning its components. This includes the adequacy and effectiveness of process. This ensures that plans and risk appetite are key internal controls, governance and the risk management in appropriately aligned. place to monitor, manage and mitigate the principal risks to NatWest Group and its subsidiary companies. Risk appetite is approved at least annually by the Board on the Board Risk Committee’s recommendation to ensure it remains The third line of defence executes its duties freely and objectively appropriate and aligned to strategy. in accordance with the Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors’ Code of Ethics and International Standards on independence and NWH Group’s risk profile is continually monitored and frequently objectivity. reviewed. Management focus is concentrated on all principal risks as well as the top and emerging risks that may correlate to Risk appetite them. Performance against risk appetite for all principal risks is Risk appetite defines the type and aggregate level of risk NWH reported regularly to the Executive Risk Committee, the Board Group is willing to accept in pursuit of its strategic objectives and Risk Committee and the Board. business plans. Risk appetite supports sound risk-taking, the promotion of robust risk practices and risk behaviours, and is NatWest Group’s key risk policies define at a high level the calibrated at least annually. qualitative expectations, guidance and standards that stipulate the nature and extent of permissible risk taking across all For certain principal risks, risk capacity defines the maximum principal risks. They form part of the qualitative expression of risk level of risk NWH Group can assume before breaching appetite and are consistently applied across NatWest Group and constraints determined by regulatory capital and liquidity its subsidiaries. Key risk policies are reviewed and approved by requirements, the operational environment, and from a conduct the NatWest Group Board Risk Committee at least annually. perspective. Establishing risk capacity helps determine where risk NWH BRC notes and supports the proposed approach for NWH appetite should be set, ensuring there is a buffer between Group-specific key risk policies. internal risk appetite and NWH Group’s ultimate capacity to absorb losses. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 11 Risk and capital management continued Risk management framework continued Identification and measurement Identification and measurement within the risk management The indicators support an understanding of: the strength of the process comprises: control environment to manage risk exposure within appetite; adequacy and effectiveness of the day-to-day management of • Regular assessment of the overall risk profile, incorporating risk and control; adherence with applicable components of the market developments and trends, as well as external and EWRMF; and a culture of intelligent risk-taking. internal factors. • Monitoring of the risks associated with lending and credit Emerging risks that could affect future results and performance exposures. are also closely monitored. • Assessment of trading and non-trading portfolios. • Review of potential risks in new business activities and Specific activities relating to compliance and conduct, credit, processes. financial crime and operational risks are subject to testing and • Analysis of potential risks in any complex and unusual monitoring by the Risk function. This confirms to both internal business transactions. and external stakeholders – including the Board, senior management, the customer-facing businesses, Internal Audit and Mitigation NWH Group’s regulators – that risk policies and procedures are Mitigation is a critical aspect of ensuring that risk profile remains being correctly implemented and that they are operating within risk appetite. Risk mitigation strategies are discussed and adequately and effectively. Thematic reviews and targeted agreed within NWH Group. reviews are also carried out where relevant to ensure appropriate customer outcomes. The NatWest Holdings Risk When evaluating possible strategies, costs and benefits, residual Testing & Monitoring Forum assesses and validates the annual risks (risks that are retained) and secondary risks (those that plan as well as the ongoing programme of reviews. arise from risk mitigation actions themselves) are also considered. Monitoring and review processes are in place to evaluate results. Stress testing Early identification, and effective management of changes in Stress testing – capital management legislation and regulation are critical to the successful mitigation Stress testing is a key risk management tool and a fundamental of principal risks. The effects of all changes are managed to component of NatWest Group’s approach to capital ensure the timely achievement of compliance. Those changes management. It is used to quantify and evaluate the potential assessed as having a high or medium-high impact are managed impact of specified changes to risk factors on the financial more closely. Action is taken to mitigate potential risks as and strength of NatWest Group, including its capital position. when required. Further in-depth analysis, including the stress testing of exposures, is also carried out. Stress testing includes: NatWest Group’s control framework is a vital system ensuring • Scenario testing, which examines the impact of a effective risk management, compliance, and operational hypothetical future state to define changes in risk factors. efficiency. Central to this framework is the implementation of • Sensitivity testing, which examines the impact of an various control types, including preventive, detective, and incremental change to one or more risk factors. directive controls, which address diverse risks. The process for stress testing consists of four broad stages: Control recording is essential, involving detailed documentation of control activities to evaluate their adequacy and effectiveness. • Identify macro and NatWest Group-specific This serves as valuable evidence during audits and regulatory vulnerabilities and risks. Define reviews. • Define and calibrate scenarios to examine scenarios risks and vulnerabilities. The risk and control self-assessment (RCSA) process enhances • Formal governance process to agree the framework by enabling teams to identify potential risks and scenarios. assess the adequacy of controls. • Translate scenarios into risk drivers. Assess • Assess impact to current and projected profit Regular independent adequacy and effectiveness testing of impact and loss and balance sheet across NatWest controls within the first line of defence and internal audits Group. conducted by Internal Audit ensure controls function as intended. Continuous monitoring and reporting provide real-time insights Calculate • Aggregate impacts into overall results. results and • Results form part of the risk management into control effectiveness, fostering accountability and assess process. responsiveness to evolving risks. By emphasising control implications • Scenario results are used to inform NatWest recording, RCSA, and testing, banks can maintain a resilient Group’s business and capital plans. control environment that supports operational integrity and regulatory compliance. • Scenario results are analysed by subject matter experts. Appropriate management Monitoring Develop and actions are then developed. The primary tool used to provide regular monitoring of the risk agree • Scenario results and management actions and control environment across NatWest Group is the risk and management are reviewed by the relevant Executive Risk control performance assessment (RCPA). Each business area actions Committees and Board Risk Committees. self-assesses using a set of consistent indicators and providing Approval of scenarios is delegated to the qualitative context to arrive at an RCPA outcome of met, partially NatWest Group Board Risk Committee by met or not met. The assessment is completed annually and the the NatWest Group Board. indicators are regularly monitored. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 12 Risk and capital management continued Risk management framework continued Stress testing is used widely across NatWest Group. The diagram The potential impact of normal and adverse economic and below summarises key areas of focus. market conditions on capital requirements is assessed through stress testing, the results of which are not only used widely Strategic across NatWest Group but also by the regulators to set specific financial and Capital adequacy capital buffers. NatWest Group takes part in stress tests run by capital planning regulatory authorities to test industry-wide vulnerabilities under crystallising global and domestic systemic risks. Sector review and credit limit setting Stress and peak-to-trough movements are used to help assess Risk appetite Stress testing the amount of capital NatWest Group needs to hold in stress usage within Business vulnerabilities analysis conditions in accordance with the capital risk appetite NatWest framework. Tail risk assessment Group Risk monitoring Early warning indicators Internal assessment of capital adequacy An internal assessment of material risks is carried out annually to Contingency planning and enable an evaluation of the amount, type and distribution of management actions capital required to cover these risks. This is referred to as the Risk mitigation Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP). The Assess financial performance ICAAP consists of a point-in-time assessment of exposures and risks at the end of the financial year together with a forward- Specific areas that involve capital management include: looking stress capital assessment. • Strategic financial and capital planning – by assessing the The ICAAP is used to form a view of capital adequacy separately impact of sensitivities and scenarios on the capital plan and to the minimum regulatory requirements. The ICAAP is used by capital ratios. the PRA to assess NatWest Group’s specific capital requirements • Risk appetite – by gaining a better understanding of the through the Pillar 2 framework. drivers of, and the underlying risks associated with, risk appetite. Capital allocation • Risk monitoring – by monitoring the risks and horizon- NatWest Group has mechanisms to allocate capital across its scanning events that could potentially affect NatWest Group’s legal entities and businesses. These aim to optimise the use of financial strength and capital position. capital resources taking into account applicable regulatory • Risk mitigation – by identifying actions to mitigate risks, or requirements, strategic and business objectives and risk appetite. those that could be taken, in the event of adverse changes to Governance the business or economic environment. Principal risk Capital management is subject to substantial review and mitigating actions are documented in NatWest Group’s governance. The Board approves the capital plans, including recovery plan. those for key legal entities and businesses as well as the results Reverse stress testing is also carried out in order to identify and of the stress tests relating to those capital plans. assess scenarios that would cause NatWest Group’s business model to become unviable. Reverse stress testing allows potential Stress testing – liquidity vulnerabilities in the business model to be examined more fully. Liquidity risk monitoring and contingency planning A suite of tools is used to monitor, limit and stress test the Capital sufficiency – going concern forward-looking view liquidity and funding risks on the balance sheet. Limit frameworks Going concern capital requirements are examined on a forward- are in place to control the level of liquidity risk, asset and liability looking basis – including as part of the annual budgeting process mismatches and funding concentrations. Liquidity and funding – by assessing the resilience of capital adequacy and leverage risks are reviewed at significant legal entity and business levels ratios under hypothetical future states. These assessments daily, with performance reported to the Asset & Liability include assumptions about regulatory and accounting factors Management Committee on a regular basis. Liquidity condition (such as IFRS 9). They incorporate economic variables and key indicators are monitored daily. This ensures any build-up of stress assumptions on balance sheet and profit and loss drivers, such as is detected early and the response escalated appropriately impairments, to demonstrate that NatWest Group and its through recovery planning. operating subsidiaries maintain sufficient capital. A range of future states are tested. In particular, capital requirements are Internal assessment of liquidity assessed: Under the liquidity risk management framework, NatWest Group maintains the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process. • Based on a forecast of future business performance, given This includes assessment of net stressed liquidity outflows under expectations of economic and market conditions over the a range of severe but plausible stress scenarios. forecast period. • Based on a forecast of future business performance under adverse economic and market conditions over the forecast period. Scenarios of different severity may be examined. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 13 Risk and capital management continued Risk management framework continued Each scenario evaluates either an idiosyncratic, market-wide or Fire drill simulations of possible recovery events are used to test combined stress event as described in the table below. the effectiveness of NatWest Group and individual legal entity recovery plans. The fire drills are designed to replicate possible Type Description financial stress conditions and allow senior management to rehearse the responses and decisions that may be required in an Idiosyncratic The market perceives NatWest Group to be actual stress event. The results and lessons learnt from the fire scenario suffering from a severe stress event, which drills are used to enhance NatWest Group’s approach to results in an immediate assumption of increased recovery planning. credit risk or concerns over solvency. Under the resolution assessment part of the PRA rulebook, Market-wide A market stress event affecting all participants NatWest Group is required to carry out an assessment of its scenario in a market through contagion, potential preparations for resolution, submit a report of the assessment to counterparty failure and other market risks. the PRA and publish a summary of this report. NatWest Group is affected under this scenario but no more severely than any other Resolution would be implemented if NatWest Group was assessed participants with equivalent exposure. by the UK authorities to have failed and the appropriate regulator put it into resolution. The process of resolution is owned and Combined This scenario models the combined impact of an implemented by the Bank of England (as the UK resolution scenario idiosyncratic and market stress occurring at authority). NatWest Group ensures ongoing maintenance and once, severely affecting funding markets and enhancements of its resolution capabilities, in line with regulatory the liquidity of some assets. requirements. NatWest Group uses the most severe outcome to set the internal Stress testing – market risk stress testing scenario which underpins its internal liquidity risk Non-traded market risk appetite. This complements the regulatory liquidity coverage ratio Scenario analysis based on hypothetical adverse scenarios is requirement. performed on non-traded exposures as part of the Bank of England and European Banking Authority stress test exercises. Stress testing – recovery and resolution planning NatWest Group also produces an internal scenario analysis as The NatWest Group recovery plan explains how NatWest Group part of its financial planning cycles. and its subsidiaries – as a consolidated group – would identify and respond to a financial stress event and restore its financial Non-traded exposures are capitalised through the ICAAP. This position so that it remains viable on an ongoing basis. covers gap risk, basis risk, credit spread risk, pipeline risk, structural foreign exchange risk, prepayment risk, equity risk and The recovery plan ensures risks that could delay the accounting volatility risk. The ICAAP is completed with a implementation of a recovery strategy are highlighted and combination of value and earnings measures. The total non- preparations are made to minimise the impact of these risks. traded market risk capital requirement is determined by adding Preparations include: the different charges for each sub risk type. The ICAAP methodology captures at least ten years of historical volatility, • Developing a series of recovery indicators to provide early produced with a 99% confidence level. Methodologies are warning of potential stress events. reviewed by NatWest Group Model Risk and the results are • Clarifying roles, responsibilities and escalation routes to approved by the NatWest Group Balance Sheet Management minimise uncertainty or delay. Committee. • Developing a recovery playbook to provide a concise description of the actions required during recovery. Non-traded market risk stress results are combined with those • Detailing a range of options to address different stress for other risks into the capital plan presented to the Board. The conditions. cross-risk capital planning process is conducted once a year, with • Appointing dedicated option owners to reduce the risk of a planning horizon of five years. The scenario narratives cover delay and capacity concerns. both regulatory scenarios and macroeconomic scenarios identified by NatWest Group. The plan is intended to enable NatWest Group to maintain critical services and products it provides to its customers, maintain its Vulnerability-based stress testing begins with the analysis of a core business lines and operate within risk appetite while portfolio and expresses its key vulnerabilities in terms of plausible restoring NatWest Group’s financial condition. It is assessed for vulnerability scenarios under which the portfolio would suffer appropriateness on an ongoing basis and reviewed and approved material losses. These scenarios can be historical, by the Board prior to submission to the PRA on a biennial basis. macroeconomic or forward-looking/hypothetical. Vulnerability- Individual recovery plans are also prepared for NatWest Holdings based stress testing is used for internal management information Limited, NatWest Markets Plc, RBS International Limited and and is not subject to limits. The results for relevant scenarios are RBSH N.V.. These plans detail the recovery options, recovery reported to senior management. indicators and escalation routes for each entity. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 14 Risk and capital management continued Risk management framework continued Stress testing – climate risk Regulatory stress testing NatWest Group continued to enhance its in-house climate risk The Bank of England updated its approach to stress testing. The modelling capabilities, supporting the ongoing integration of Bank Capital Stress Test (BCST) is the successor to the Annual climate risk within its capital adequacy (ICAAP), impairment (IFRS Cyclical Stress scenario and will be run biennially. NatWest Group 9) and risk management processes, for example, sharing insights was selected by the Bank of England to be one of the with sector and front-line teams to support the financial budget participants in the 2025 BCST. The results were published in and climate transition plan processes. In particular, internal December 2025 and NatWest Group remained above its CET1 physical risk modelling capabilities were developed during 2025. capital and Tier 1 leverage ratio hurdle rates in stress and was not required to strengthen its capital position. The results of this Specific internal-run exercises in 2025 included: stress test, and other relevant information, will be used by the Bank of England to help inform NatWest Group capital buffers • A credit-risk focused exercise covering both physical and (both the UK countercyclical capital buffer rate and PRA buffers). transition risk scenarios for both the Corporate & Institutional portfolio and the Retail Banking residential mortgage portfolio. The 2025 stress test aimed to assess the impact of a UK and • A non-financial risk scenario for climate focused on external global macroeconomic stress on UK banks, spanning a five-year communications which could omit or contain incorrect period from Q4 2025 to Q4 2030. It was a coherent ‘tail risk’ information and mislead on NatWest Group activities. scenario, designed to be severe and broad enough to assess the resilience of UK banks to a range of adverse shocks. The stress There are various challenges with quantitative climate scenario scenario is similar to the 2022/23 Annual Cyclical Stress with analysis, including in relation to the immaturity of modelling weaker UK consumer price index inflation offset by more severe techniques and limitations surrounding data on climate-related financial markets stresses and economic shocks in some risks. In addition, there is significant uncertainty as to how the jurisdictions. climate will evolve over time, how and when governments, regulators, businesses, investors and customers respond and The stress test was based on an end-of-December 2024 balance how those responses impact the economy, asset valuations, sheet position. economic systems, policy and wider society. These risks and uncertainties, coupled with significantly long timeframes, make Further details can be found at: the outputs of climate-related risk modelling with respect to the https://www.bankofengland.co.uk/stress-testing/2025/key- potential use cases identified inherently more uncertain than elements-bank-capital. outputs modelled for traditional financial planning cycles based on historical financial information. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 15 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk Definition (audited) Identification and measurement Credit risk is the risk that customers, counterparties or issuers Risks are identified through relationship management and credit fail to meet a contractual obligation to settle outstanding stewardship of customers and portfolios. Credit stewardship amounts. For the purposes of the credit risk section, Personal takes place throughout the customer relationship, beginning with refers to lending to individuals and Non-Personal refers to lending the initial approval. It includes the application of credit to small and medium-sized enterprises, corporates, banks and assessment standards, credit risk mitigation, ensuring that credit other financial institutions. documentation is complete and appropriate, carrying out regular portfolio or customer reviews and problem debt identification and Sources of risk (audited) management. The principal sources of credit risk for NWH Group are lending, off-balance sheet products, derivatives and securities financing, Assessment and monitoring and debt securities. NWH Group is also exposed to settlement Personal risk through foreign exchange, trade finance and payments Personal lending mainly comprises a high volume of lower-value activities. transactions supported by automated decision-making. To maintain consistency in lending decisions and monitor Governance (audited) performance, NWH Group reviews both internal credit data and Risk governance for credit risk is in line with the approach external information from credit reference agencies, developing outlined in the Risk management framework section. and applying lending rules according to product type. The Credit Risk function provides oversight and challenge of For higher-value, more complex personal loans, such as certain frontline credit risk management activities: residential mortgage lending, specialist credit managers are responsible for final lending decisions within defined delegated • Establishing credit risk policy, standards and toolkits which authority limits based on their experience. set out the mandatory limits and parameters required to ensure that credit risk is managed within risk appetite and Underwriting standards and portfolio performance are monitored which provide the minimum standards for the identification, on an ongoing basis to ensure they remain appropriate for the assessment, management, monitoring and reporting of credit current market environment. Management information and risk. higher-risk segment monitoring are produced for portfolio • Oversight of the first line of defence to ensure that credit risk monitoring. Portfolio performance is measured against remains within the appetite set by the Board and that it is operational limits related to various credit risk measures including being managed adequately and effectively. projected default rates and mortgage loan-to-value (LTV) ratios. • Assessing the adequacy of ECL provisions including If operational limits identify areas of concern, management may adjust credit or business strategy accordingly. approving key IFRS 9 inputs (such as significant increase in credit risk (SICR) thresholds) and any necessary in-model and Non-Personal post model adjustments through NatWest Group and business unit provisions and model committees. Non-Personal customers, which include small and medium-sized enterprises, corporates, banks and other financial institutions, are typically managed on an individual basis. Customers are Risk appetite aggregated as a single risk when sufficiently interconnected to Risk appetite for credit risk is in line with the approach outlined in the extent that a failure of one could lead to the failure of the Risk management framework section. another. Credit risk appetite is monitored through risk appetite A risk-based credit assessment is carried out before credit frameworks tailored to NWH Group’s Personal and Non-Personal facilities are made available to customers. The assessment segments. process depends on the complexity of the transaction. Personal For lower-risk transactions below specific thresholds, credit The Personal credit risk appetite framework sets limits that decisions can be approved through a combination of fully control the quality and concentration of both existing and new automated or relationship manager self-sanctioning within the business for each relevant business segment. Risk appetite business. This process is facilitated through an auto-decision measures consider the segments’ ability to grow sustainably and system, which utilises scorecards, strategies and policy rules. For the level of losses expected under stress. Credit risk is further other transactions, both business approval and credit approval controlled through operational limits specific to customer or are required. product characteristics. Credit quality and loss given default (LGD) are reviewed at least annually. The review process assesses borrower performance, Non-Personal the adequacy of security, compliance with terms and conditions, The Non-Personal credit risk appetite framework has been and refinancing risk. designed to reflect factors that influence the ability to operate within risk appetite. Tools such as stress testing and economic Mitigation capital are used to measure credit risk volatility and develop links between the framework and risk appetite limits. Mitigation techniques outlined in the credit risk toolkits and transactional acceptance standards are applied in managing The framework is used to manage concentrations of risk which credit portfolios across NWH Group. These techniques mitigate may arise across four lenses – single name, sector, country and credit concentrations related to individual customers, borrower product and asset classes. The framework is supported by a groups or a collection of related borrowers. Where possible, suite of transactional acceptance standards that set out the risk customer credit balances are netted against obligations. parameters within which businesses should operate. Mitigation tools may involve structuring security interests in physical or financial assets, using credit derivatives such as credit default swaps, credit-linked debt instruments and securitisation structures, and utilising guarantees or similar instruments (including credit insurance) from related and third parties. Property is used to mitigate credit risk across a number of portfolios, in particular residential mortgage lending and commercial real estate. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 16 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk continued Residential mortgages NWH Group uses residential property as collateral to reduce There are two classifications in the framework that apply to non- credit risk arising from mortgages. The value of the property is defaulted customers that are in financial stress – Heightened determined during loan underwriting, either from a qualified Monitoring and Risk of Credit Loss. For the purposes of appraiser, such as one registered with the Royal Institution of provisioning, all exposures categorised as Heightened Monitoring Chartered Surveyors (RICS), or by applying a statistically valid or Risk of Credit Loss are categorised as Stage 2 and subject to model. Periodically, a sample of these valuations is reviewed by a lifetime loss assessment. an independent RICS-qualified appraiser. Retail Banking UK The framework also applies to those customers that have met updates residential property values quarterly based on country- NWH Group’s default criteria (AQ10 exposures). Defaulted specific (Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland) or English region exposures are categorised as Stage 3 impaired for provisioning specific Office for National Statistics House Price indices. purposes. Commercial real estate Heightened Monitoring customers are performing customers that For commercial real estate valuations, NWH Group works with a have met certain characteristics, which have led to significant managed panel of chartered surveying firms that cover relevant credit deterioration. Characteristics include trading issues, geographic and property sectors in which NWH Group takes covenant breaches, material probability of default (PD) collateral. RICS-registered valuers are contracted for specific downgrades and past due facilities. assets under service agreements to ensure consistency of quality and advice. In the UK, an independent third-party market Heightened Monitoring customers require pre-emptive actions indexation is applied to update external valuations for commercial (outside the customer’s normal trading patterns) to return or property, once they are more than a year old. For loan maintain their facilities within NWH Group’s current risk appetite. obligations in excess of £2.5 million and where the charged property has a book value in excess of £0.5 million, a formal Risk of Credit Loss customers are performing customers that valuation review is typically commissioned at least every three have met the criteria for Heightened Monitoring and also pose a years. risk of credit loss to NWH Group in the next 12 months should mitigating action not be taken or not be successful. Problem debt management The Wholesale Problem Debt Management framework does not When stress or financial difficulties are identified, NWH Group apply to problem debt management for small and medium-sized collaborates closely with customers to support them. enterprise retail customers. These customers are, where necessary, managed by specialist problem debt management Personal teams, depending on the size of exposure or by the Financial Pre-emptive triggers, based on both NWH Group and credit Health and Support team where a loan has been impaired. reference agency data, are used to identify customers that may be at risk of financial difficulty. NWH Group proactively contacts Customer Lending Support these customers to offer support with the aim of preventing Where customers meet specific referral criteria, relationships are further deterioration of their financial position. supported by the Customer Lending Support team. Financial Health and Support Customer Lending Support works with corporate and When a customer exceeds an agreed limit or misses a regular commercial customers in financial difficulty to help them monthly payment, the customer is contacted by NWH Group and understand their options and how their restructuring or requested to remedy the position. If the situation is not resolved repayment strategies can be delivered. then, where appropriate, the Financial Health and Support team become involved and the customer is supported by skilled debt Helping viable customers return to financial health and restoring management staff who endeavour to provide customers with a normal banking relationship is always the preferred outcome. bespoke solutions. However, where this is not possible, NWH Group works with customers to achieve a solvent outcome. If appropriate, a notice of intention to default and/or, a formal demand may be issued to the customer. The account may also Forbearance (audited) be registered with credit reference agencies. Subsequently, the Forbearance occurs when a concession is made on the customer’s debt may be referred to a third-party debt collection contractual terms of a debt in response to a customer’s financial agency or solicitor, to agree an affordable repayment plan. The difficulties. sale of unsecured debt may also be considered as an option. The aim of forbearance is to help the customer regain financial Non-Personal stability while reducing risk. To ensure that forbearance is NWH Group uses a range of early warning indicators to identify appropriate for the customer, minimum standards are applied customers that may be exposed to emerging risks, including when assessing, recording, monitoring and reporting financial stress, allowing for increased monitoring where forbearance. necessary. Early warning indicators may be internal, such as a customer’s bank account activity, or external, such as the share Personal price of a publicly listed customer. When these indicators suggest Forbearance options include payment concessions, loan that a customer is experiencing potential or actual difficulty, or if rescheduling (such as extending contractual maturity), switching relationship managers or credit officers observe other signs of to interest-only payments, suspending interest or capitalising financial difficulty, the customer may be classified within the arrears. This support can be provided for both mortgages and Wholesale Problem Debt Management framework. unsecured lending. Wholesale Problem Debt Management framework Non-Personal This framework focuses on Non-Personal customers and is designed to provide early identification of credit deterioration, Forbearance may involve covenant waivers, amendments to support intelligent risk-taking, ensure fair and consistent margins, payment concessions and loan rescheduling (including customer outcomes and provide key insights into Non-Personal extensions in contractual maturity), capitalisation of arrears, and lending portfolios. debt forgiveness or debt-for-equity swaps. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 17 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk continued EAD Personal Customer PD and facility loss given default (LGD) are reassessed Revolving products employ existing IRB models as a foundation, prior to finalising any forbearance arrangement. The ultimate with appropriate adjustments incorporating a term structure outcome of a forbearance strategy is highly dependent on the based on time to default. Amortising products use an co-operation of the borrower and a viable business or repayment amortisation schedule, where a formula is used to calculate the outcome. If forbearance becomes unsuitable or is unsuccessful, expected balance based on remaining terms and interest rates. NWH Group may pursue repayment, enforcement of security or insolvency proceedings, although these are options of last resort. Non-Personal EAD values rely on product-specific credit conversion factors IFRS 9 models (audited) (CCFs), closely mirroring the product segmentation and approach IFRS 9 models provide PD, exposure at default (EAD) and LGD of the respective IRB model, but without conservative or for the purpose of calculating ECL. downturn assumptions. These CCFs are estimated over multi- year time horizons. Model build Risk ranking is normally the same as for internal ratings based Economic drivers (audited) (IRB) models to maintain consistency in risk measurement. Introduction Economic drivers are incorporated, normally by using stress The portfolio segmentation and selection of economic drivers for models. Term structures are used to assess the risk of loss IFRS 9 follows the approach used in stress testing. The stress beyond 12 months that will affect lifetime loss for exposures models for each portfolio segment (defined by product or asset which have significantly deteriorated (Stage 2) or defaulted class and where relevant, industry sector and region) are based (Stage 3). on a selected, small number of economic variables that best explain the movements in portfolio loss rates. The process to Model application select economic drivers uses empirical analysis and expert Model application involves selecting forward-looking economic judgement. scenarios and assigning appropriate probability weights. The most significant economic drivers for material portfolios are Model design principles shown in the table below: The modelling of ECL under IFRS 9 adopts the standard approach of breaking down credit loss estimation into its Portfolio Economic drivers component parts of PD, LGD and EAD. To comply with IFRS 9, Personal Unemployment rate, sterling swap rate, these model parameters are designed with the following mortgages house price index, real wage characteristics: Personal Unemployment rate, sterling swap rate, unsecured real wage • Unbiased – provide a best estimate. Corporates Stock price index, gross domestic product • Point-in-time – reflecting current economic conditions as opposed to through-the-cycle. (GDP) • Economic forecasts – IFRS 9 PD estimates and, where Commercial real Stock price index, commercial property appropriate, EAD and LGD estimates reflecting economic estate price index, GDP forecasts. • Lifetime measurement – parameters are provided as multi- Economic scenarios period term structures up to behavioural lifetimes. At 31 December 2025, the range of anticipated future economic conditions was defined by a set of four internally developed PD scenarios and their respective probabilities. In addition to the Personal base case, they comprised upside, downside and extreme Personal PD models follow a discrete multi-horizon survival downside scenarios. approach, predicting quarterly PDs up to lifetime at account level. A key driver is the score from related IRB PD models, with For 31 December 2025, the four scenarios were deemed economic forecasts incorporated through the stress models. appropriate in capturing the uncertainty in economic forecasts and the non-linearity in outcomes under different scenarios. Non-Personal These four scenarios were developed to provide sufficient Non-Personal PD models use a point-in-time/through-the-cycle coverage to current risks faced by the economy and consider framework to provide point-in-time estimates that reflect varying outcomes across the labour market, inflation, interest economic conditions at the reporting date. A key driver is the rate, asset price and economic growth, around which there score from related IRB PD models, with economic forecasts remains pronounced levels of uncertainty. incorporated through the stress models. Since 31 December 2024, the near-term economic growth LGD outlook weakened, with growth in the second half of 2025 losing momentum. Inflation rose to nearly double the target level of 2% Personal in 2025, with underlying price pressures remaining firm. Economic forecasts are incorporated for the secured portfolios, However, there are tentative signs of easing inflationary where changes in property prices can be readily accommodated. pressures and inflation is assumed to fall back close to the target Analysis has shown limited sensitivity to economic conditions on by the end of 2026. The peak unemployment rate is higher than LGDs for the other Personal portfolios. at 31 December 2024. The unemployment rate is assumed to Non-Personal continue to rise in the near-term, albeit at a slower pace. The Economic forecasts are incorporated into LGD estimates using Bank of England is expected to continue cutting interest rates in the existing point-in-time/through-the-cycle framework. a ‘gradual and careful’ manner with an assumed terminal rate in However, for some portfolios, including low-default, sovereigns the base case of 3.25%, marginally lower compared to 3.5% and banks, there is insufficient loss data to substantiate estimates assumed at 31 December 2024. Housing market activities that vary with economic conditions. remained resilient in 2025, with prices expected to grow modestly. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 18 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk continued Economic drivers (audited) High-level narrative – potential developments, vulnerabilities and risks Outperformance sustained – above trend growth as consumer sentiment Upside recovers Steady growth – staying close to trend pace Base case Growth Stalling – cautious consumer and policy uncertainty weighs on activity Downside Extreme stress – extreme fall in GDP, with policy support to facilitate sharp Extreme downside recovery Sticky – strong growth and/or wage policies keep services inflation above target Upside in medium term Battle won – beyond near-term volatility, services inflation continues to ease, 2% Base case Inflation target is met on a sustained basis Slow – above target inflation in 2026 but swiftly falls to lower levels Downside Close to deflation – inflationary pressures diminish amidst pronounced weakness Extreme downside in demand Recovery – job growth rebounds strongly, reversing much of the recent rise in Upside unemployment rate Labour Cooling continues – gradual loosening continues into 2026, before improving Base case market Job shedding – redundancies, reduced hours, building slack Downside Depression – unemployment hits levels close to previous peaks amid severe Extreme downside stress Limited cuts – higher growth and inflation keep the Monetary Policy Committee Upside cautious Rates Steady – rate cutting cycle largely done, two further rate cuts Base case short-term Supportive – sharp declines to support recovery Downside Sharp drop – drastic easing in policy to support a sharp deterioration in the Extreme downside economy Above consensus – 4% Upside Rates Middle – 3.25% Base case long-term Low – 2.5% and below Downside/Extreme downside Main macroeconomic variables The main macroeconomic variables for each of the four scenarios used for ECL modelling are set out in the table below. 2025 2024 Extreme Weighted Extreme Weighted Upside Base case Downside downside average Upside Base case Downside downside average Five-year summary % % % % % % % % % % GDP 2.1 1.4 0.5 0.1 1.2 2.0 1.3 0.5 (0.2) 1.1 Unemployment rate 4.3 5.1 5.6 7.0 5.3 3.6 4.3 5.0 6.7 4.6 House price index 5.7 3.3 0.6 (3.8) 2.6 5.8 3.5 0.8 (4.3) 2.7 Commercial real estate price 6.1 2.2 (0.3) (5.0) 1.9 5.4 1.2 (1.0) (5.7) 1.1 Consumer price index 2.6 2.4 2.4 1.8 2.3 2.4 2.2 3.5 1.6 2.4 Bank of England base rate 4.0 3.5 2.6 1.4 3.2 4.4 4.0 3.0 1.6 3.6 Stock price index 6.2 4.8 2.8 1.1 4.3 6.3 5.0 3.4 1.1 4.5 World GDP 3.7 3.1 2.5 2.2 3.0 3.8 3.2 2.5 1.6 3.0 Probability weight 22.4 45.0 19.5 13.1 23.2 45.0 19.1 12.7 (1) The five-year summary runs from 2025-2029 for 31 December 2025 and from 2024-2028 for 31 December 2024. (2) The table shows compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for GDP, average levels for the unemployment rate and Bank of England base rate and Q4 to Q4 CAGR for other parameters. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 19 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk continued Climate transition Probability weightings of scenarios Since 2023, NatWest Group has assessed the implicit contribution NatWest Group applies a quantitative approach for IFRS 9 to its base case macroeconomic scenario from changes in UK multiple economic scenarios by selecting specific discrete transition policy, expressed as an additional implicit sectoral scenarios that represent the range of risks in the economic carbon price(1). outlook and assigning appropriate probability weights. In 2025, NatWest Group individually assessed 50 active and The approach involves comparing GDP paths for NatWest potential UK transition policies that had a significant impact on Group’s scenarios against a set of 1,000 model simulations to the cost of emissions – for example, the Emissions Trading determine the percentile in the distribution that aligns most Scheme and Renewables Obligation – and converted them into closely with each scenario. The probability weight for the base equivalent implicit sectoral carbon prices. The prices were case is determined first using judgement, while probability calculated as the cost per tonne of emissions abated by each weights for the alternative scenarios are then assigned based on policy. Using an internally developed model, NatWest Group these percentiles scores. estimated the impact of sector carbon prices on key macroeconomic variables such as GDP and unemployment. Using The weights were broadly comparable to those used at 31 this analysis, NatWest Group created two scenarios, the baseline, December 2024 but with slightly more downside skew. The which incorporates climate transition related impacts, and an assigned probability weights were judged to be aligned with the alternative scenario, which excludes them. Comparing ECL under subjective assessment of balance of the risks in the economy. these two scenarios allowed NatWest Group to estimate an Given the balance of risks that the economies in which NatWest aggregate macroeconomic impact of the analysed transition Group operates are exposed to, NatWest Group judges it policies and their contribution to ECL. appropriate that downside-biased scenarios have higher combined probability weights than the upside-biased scenario. It The current approach does not include physical risks and presents good coverage to the range of outcomes assumed in transition risks, beyond the assessed transition policies. NatWest the scenarios, including the potential for a robust recovery on the Group will continue to enhance and develop the approach as upside and exceptionally challenging outcomes on the downside. reliable data and methodology become available. A 22.4% weighting was applied to the upside scenario, a 45.0% weighting applied to the base case scenario, a 19.5% weighting (1) An implicit carbon price is an additional cost related to greenhouse gas emissions as a applied to the downside scenario and a 13.1% weighting applied result of climate transition policy. to the extreme downside scenario. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 20 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk continued UK gross domestic product (£bn) Bank of England base rate (%) 3200 6 3100 5 3000 4 2900 3 2800 2 2700 1 2600 0 Q4 2025 Q4 2026 Q4 2027 Q4 2028 Q4 2029 Q4 2030 Q4 2025 Q4 2026 Q4 2027 Q4 2028 Q4 2029 Q4 2030 Upside Base case Upside Base case Downside Extreme downside Downside Extreme downside UK unemployment rate (%) UK house prices (index) 9 260 8 240 7 220 6 200 5 4 180 3 160 2 140 1 120 0 Q4 2025 Q4 2026 Q4 2027 Q4 2028 Q4 2029 Q4 2030 100 Q4 2025 Q4 2026 Q4 2027 Q4 2028 Q4 2029 Q4 2030 Upside Base case Upside Base case Downside Extreme downside Downside Extreme downside NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 21 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk continued Economic drivers (audited) Annual figures GDP - annual growth Consumer price index - four quarter change Extreme Weighted Extreme Weighted Upside Base case Downside downside average Upside Base case Downside downside average % % % % % % % % % % 2025 1.4 1.4 1.4 1.4 1.4 2025 3.6 3.6 3.6 3.6 3.6 2026 1.9 1.0 0.3 (3.7) 0.5 2026 2.7 2.3 2.7 0.6 2.3 2027 3.2 1.5 (0.6) (0.2) 1.3 2027 2.4 2.0 1.8 1.1 1.9 2028 2.3 1.4 0.2 1.4 1.4 2028 2.1 2.0 1.7 1.8 1.9 2029 1.6 1.4 1.4 1.4 1.5 2029 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 2030 1.6 1.4 1.7 1.4 1.5 2030 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 Unemployment rate - annual average Bank of England base rate - annual average Extreme Weighted Extreme Weighted Upside Base case Downside downside average Upside Base case Downside downside average % % % % % % % % % % 2025 4.8 4.8 4.8 4.8 4.8 2025 4.24 4.24 4.24 4.24 4.24 2026 4.7 5.4 5.5 6.1 5.3 2026 4.00 3.52 2.94 1.14 3.20 2027 4.1 5.2 6.1 8.1 5.5 2027 4.00 3.25 2.00 0.17 2.77 2028 4.1 5.1 6.0 8.3 5.4 2028 4.00 3.25 2.00 0.39 2.80 2029 4.0 4.9 5.7 7.6 5.2 2029 4.00 3.25 2.00 1.02 2.88 2030 4.0 4.8 5.5 6.9 5.1 2030 4.00 3.25 2.15 1.82 3.02 House price index - four quarter change Stock price index - four quarter change Extreme Weighted Extreme Weighted Upside Base case Downside downside average Upside Base case Downside downside average % % % % % % % % % % 2025 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.0 2025 11.1 11.1 11.1 11.1 11.1 2026 7.8 3.4 (1.2) (13.1) 1.3 2026 8.1 3.3 (16.0) (52.9) (6.7) 2027 7.2 3.4 (2.8) (14.1) 1.2 2027 5.1 3.3 7.2 33.9 6.5 2028 5.1 3.4 0.1 (0.2) 2.9 2028 3.5 3.3 7.2 25.3 5.9 2029 5.4 3.4 4.4 7.2 4.5 2029 3.5 3.3 7.2 20.2 5.7 2030 5.6 3.4 4.2 6.6 4.4 2030 3.0 3.3 7.2 16.8 5.5 Commercial real estate price - four quarter change Extreme Weighted Upside Base case Downside downside average % % % % % 2025 2.6 2.6 2.6 2.6 2.6 2026 14.1 2.9 (6.8) (24.1) - 2027 4.4 2.6 (2.5) (13.0) 0.6 2028 5.5 1.5 2.8 7.0 3.3 2029 4.2 1.6 2.6 6.8 2.9 2030 2.7 1.6 2.5 6.5 2.5 Worst points 2025 2024 Extreme Weighted Extreme Weighted Downside downside average Downside downside average % Quarter % Quarter % % Quarter % Quarter % GDP - Q4 2027 (3.8) Q4 2026 - - Q1 2024 (4.1) Q4 2025 - Unemployment rate - peak 6.2 Q4 2027 8.5 Q4 2027 5.6 5.6 Q4 2026 8.5 Q1 2027 4.9 House price index (2.4) Q2 2028 (25.9) Q2 2028 - (1.9) Q2 2027 (25.6) Q3 2027 - Commercial real estate price (7.3) Q2 2027 (33.3) Q3 2027 - (10.5) Q2 2026 (35.0) Q3 2026 (1.8) Consumer price index - highest four quarter change 3.8 Q3 2025 3.8 Q3 2025 3.8 6.1 Q1 2026 3.5 Q1 2024 3.5 Bank of England base rate - extreme level 2.0 Q1 2025 0.1 Q1 2025 2.8 2.0 Q1 2024 0.1 Q1 2024 2.9 Stock price index (6.7) Q4 2026 (47.7) Q4 2026 - (0.2) Q4 2025 (27.4) Q4 2025 - (1) The figures show falls relative to the starting period for GDP, house price index, commercial real estate price and stock price index. For unemployment rate, it shows highest value through the scenario horizon. For consumer price index, it shows highest annual percentage change. For Bank of England base rate, it shows highest or lowest value through the horizon. The calculations are performed over five years, with a starting point of Q4 2024 for 31 December 2025 scenarios and Q4 2023 for 31 December 2024 scenarios. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 22 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk continued Impairment, provisioning and write-offs (audited) Governance In the overall assessment of credit risk, impairment provisioning The IFRS 9 PD, EAD and LGD models are subject to NatWest and write-offs are used as key indicators of credit quality. Group’s model risk policy, which stipulates periodic model monitoring and re-validation and defines approval procedures SICR and authorities according to model materiality. Post model Defaulted exposures are classified in Stage 3 and subject to adjustments are applied where management deemed them lifetime ECL measurement. Remaining exposures are assessed necessary to ensure an adequate level of overall ECL provision. for SICR since initial recognition. Where exposures are identified All post model adjustments undergo review, challenge and with SICR, they are classified in Stage 2 and assessed using a approval by the relevant model or provisioning committees. lifetime ECL measurement. Exposures not considered Post model adjustments will remain a key focus area of NWH deteriorated are assessed with a 12-month ECL. NWH Group Group’s ongoing ECL adequacy assessment process. A applies a framework to identify deterioration, primarily based on comprehensive framework has been established that changes in lifetime PD, supported by additional qualitative high- incorporates analysis of diverse economic data, external risk backstops. benchmarks and portfolio performance trends with a particular • IFRS 9 lifetime PD assessment (the primary driver) – relies on focus on segments (across both Personal and Non-Personal measuring the relative deterioration in forward-looking portfolios) that may be more susceptible to specific risk factors. lifetime PD and is assessed monthly. SICR is determined by comparing the residual lifetime PD at the balance sheet date Measurement uncertainty and ECL sensitivity analysis with the lifetime PD at the date of initial recognition (DOIR). If (audited) the current lifetime PD exceeds the origination PD by more The recognition and measurement of ECL is complex and than a defined threshold, SICR is assumed to have occurred requires significant judgement and estimation, especially during and the exposure moved into Stage 2 for a lifetime ECL times of economic volatility and uncertainty. This includes the assessment. For Non-Personal, a doubling of PD would formulation and incorporation of multiple forward-looking indicate a SICR, subject to a minimum PD uplift of 0.1%. For economic conditions into ECL to meet the measurement Personal portfolios and small and medium-sized enterprise objectives of IFRS 9. The ECL provision is sensitive to the model retail, the criteria vary by risk band, as detailed in the inputs and economic assumptions used in the estimation. following table: Simulations were conducted to assess the impact of various economic scenarios, including base case, upside, downside and PD bandings (based extreme downside scenarios. The potential ECL impacts reflected on residual lifetime the simulated impact as at 31 December 2025. Personal PD calculated at PD deterioration In the simulations, NWH Group assumed that the economic risk bands DOIR) threshold criteria macro variables associated with each scenario would replace the A <0.762% PD@DOIR + 1% existing base case economic assumptions, giving them a 100% B <4.306% PD@DOIR + 3% probability weighting and therefore serving as a single economic C >=4.306% 1.7 x PD@DOIR scenario. These scenarios were applied to all modelled portfolios in the • Qualitative high-risk backstop assessment – supplements the table, with the simulation affecting both PDs and LGDs. Post PD assessment to evaluate whether significant deterioration model adjustments included in the ECL estimates were adjusted in lifetime risk of default occurred. This included the in line with the modelled ECL movements. However, adjustments mandatory 30+ days past due backstop, as prescribed by that were judgemental in nature, such as those for deferred IFRS 9 guidance, as well as other elements such as model calibrations and economic uncertainty, were not forbearance support, Non-Personal exposures managed automatically recalculated. Instead, they will be re-evaluated by within the Wholesale Problem Debt Management framework, management through ECL governance for any new economic and adverse credit bureau results for Personal customers. scenario outlook. • Persistence (Personal and small and medium-sized enterprise retail customers only) – the persistence rule ensures that As expected, the scenarios created varying impacts on ECL by accounts which have met the criteria for PD driven portfolio, and these impacts were deemed reasonable. deterioration are still considered to be significantly The simulations assumed that existing modelled relationships deteriorated for three months thereafter. This additional rule between key economic variables and drivers would hold. enhances the timeliness of capture into Stage 2. The However, in practice, other factors such as potential changes in persistence rule is applied to PD driven deterioration only. customer behaviour and policy changes could also impact the wider availability of credit. Lifetime The definitions of initial recognition and asset lifetime are The focus of the simulations was on ECL provisioning important considerations when determining the amount of requirements for performing exposures in Stage 1 and Stage 2. lifetime losses to be applied. The simulations were run on a stand-alone basis and were independent of each other. Scenario impacts on SICR were • Initial recognition refers to the date that a transaction (or considered when evaluating the ECL movements of Stage 1 and account) is first recognised on the balance sheet, with the PD Stage 2. In all scenarios, the total exposure remained the same, at that point serving as the basis for subsequent but exposure by stage varied. determination of SICR, as detailed above. • For asset lifetime, the approach is aligned with IFRS 9 Stage 3 provisions are not subject to the same level of requirements: measurement uncertainty, as default is an observed event as at o Term lending – the contractual maturity date is used and the balance sheet date and defaulted LGD is typically more adjusted for behavioural trends where applicable, such as impacted by borrower specific factors rather than economics. expected prepayment and amortisation. Therefore, Stage 3 provisions were not considered in this o Revolving facilities – for Personal portfolios (excluding analysis. NWH Group’s core criterion for identifying a SICR is credit cards), asset duration is determined by behavioural based on PD deterioration. Under the simulations, changes in life, which was typically greater than contractual life. For PDs resulted in exposures moving between Stage 1 and Stage 2, the Non-Personal portfolios, asset duration is based on contributing to the ECL impact. annual customer review schedules. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 23 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk continued Measurement uncertainty and ECL sensitivity analysis (audited) Moderate Moderate Extreme Base upside downside downside 2025 Actual scenario scenario scenario scenario Stage 1 modelled loans (£m) Retail Banking - mortgages 181,869 182,357 183,665 181,119 176,988 Retail Banking - unsecured 12,761 12,858 13,232 12,601 11,683 Non-Personal - property 30,400 30,515 30,586 30,355 21,978 Non-Personal - non-property 104,632 105,322 105,633 104,551 82,618 329,662 331,052 333,116 328,626 293,267 Stage 1 modelled ECL (£m) Retail Banking - mortgages 42 42 41 42 43 Retail Banking - unsecured 293 300 288 291 278 Non-Personal - property 63 44 37 68 140 Non-Personal - non-property 157 130 120 168 288 555 516 486 569 749 Stage 1 coverage (%) Retail Banking - mortgages 0.02% 0.02% 0.02% 0.02% 0.02% Retail Banking - unsecured 2.30% 2.33% 2.18% 2.31% 2.38% Non-Personal - property 0.21% 0.14% 0.12% 0.22% 0.64% Non-Personal - non-property 0.15% 0.12% 0.11% 0.16% 0.35% 0.17% 0.16% 0.15% 0.17% 0.26% Stage 2 modelled loans (£m) Retail Banking - mortgages 15,821 15,333 14,025 16,571 20,702 Retail Banking - unsecured 3,621 3,524 3,150 3,781 4,699 Non-Personal - property 3,013 2,898 2,827 3,058 11,435 Non-Personal - non-property 15,432 14,742 14,431 15,513 37,446 37,887 36,497 34,433 38,923 74,282 Stage 2 modelled ECL (£m) Retail Banking - mortgages 36 33 29 38 55 Retail Banking - unsecured 388 378 326 408 516 Non-Personal - property 54 46 41 57 337 Non-Personal - non-property 297 255 235 309 858 775 712 631 812 1,766 Stage 2 coverage (%) Retail Banking - mortgages 0.23% 0.22% 0.21% 0.23% 0.27% Retail Banking - unsecured 10.72% 10.73% 10.35% 10.79% 10.98% Non-Personal - property 1.79% 1.59% 1.45% 1.86% 2.95% Non-Personal - non-property 1.92% 1.73% 1.63% 1.99% 2.29% 2.05% 1.95% 1.83% 2.09% 2.38% Stage 1 and Stage 2 modelled loans (£m) Retail Banking - mortgages 197,690 197,690 197,690 197,690 197,690 Retail Banking - unsecured 16,382 16,382 16,382 16,382 16,382 Non-Personal - property 33,413 33,413 33,413 33,413 33,413 Non-Personal - non-property 120,064 120,064 120,064 120,064 120,064 367,549 367,549 367,549 367,549 367,549 Stage 1 and Stage 2 modelled ECL (£m) Retail Banking - mortgages 78 75 70 80 98 Retail Banking - unsecured 681 678 614 699 794 Non-Personal - property 117 90 78 125 477 Non-Personal - non-property 454 385 355 477 1,146 1,330 1,228 1,117 1,381 2,515 Stage 1 and Stage 2 coverage (%) Retail Banking - mortgages 0.04% 0.04% 0.04% 0.04% 0.05% Retail Banking - unsecured 4.16% 4.14% 3.75% 4.27% 4.85% Non-Personal - property 0.35% 0.27% 0.23% 0.37% 1.43% Non-Personal - non-property 0.38% 0.32% 0.30% 0.40% 0.95% 0.36% 0.33% 0.30% 0.38% 0.68% Reconciliation to Stage 1 and Stage 2 ECL (£m) ECL on modelled exposures 1,330 1,228 1,117 1,381 2,515 ECL on non-modelled exposures 33 33 33 33 33 Total Stage 1 and Stage 2 ECL (£m) 1,363 1,261 1,150 1,414 2,548 Variance to actual total Stage 1 and Stage 2 ECL (£m) - (102) (213) 51 1,185 NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 24 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk continued Measurement uncertainty and ECL sensitivity analysis (audited) continued Moderate Moderate Extreme Base upside downside downside Actual scenario scenario scenario scenario Reconciliation to Stage 1 and Stage 2 flow exposure (£m) Modelled loans 367,549 367,549 367,549 367,549 367,549 Non-modelled loans 17,049 17,049 17,049 17,049 17,049 Other asset classes 106,767 106,767 106,767 106,767 106,767 (1) Reflects ECL for all modelled exposure in scope for IFRS 9. The analysis excludes non-modelled portfolios and exposure relating to bonds and cash. (2) All simulations are run on a stand-alone basis and are independent of each other, with the potential ECL impact reflecting the simulated impact as at 31 December 2025. The simulations change the composition of Stage 1 and Stage 2 exposure but total exposure was unchanged under each scenario as the loan population was static. (3) Refer to the Economic drivers section for details of economic scenarios. (4) Refer to the NWH Group 2024 Annual Report and Accounts for 2024 comparatives. • If the economics were as negative as observed in the extreme downside (i.e. 100% probability weighting), total Stage 1 and Stage 2 ECL was simulated to increase. In this scenario, Stage 2 exposure increased significantly and was the key driver of the simulated ECL rise. The movement in Stage 2 balances in the other simulations was less significant. • In the Non-Personal portfolio, there was a significant increase in ECL under the extreme downside scenario on non-property portfolios, driven by a significant deterioration in the stock index. • Given the continued economic uncertainty, NWH Group utilised a framework of quantitative and qualitative measures to support the levels of ECL coverage. This included economic data, credit performance insights and problem debt trends. This was particularly important for consideration of post model adjustments. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 25 Risk and capital management continued ECL post model adjustments (audited) The table below shows ECL post model adjustments. Private Banking Retail Banking & Wealth Commercial Mortgages Other Management & Institutional Total 2025 £m £m £m £m £m Deferred model calibrations - - 1 14 15 Economic uncertainty 44 42 11 138 235 Other adjustments - 19 - 16 35 Total 44 61 12 168 285 Of which: - Stage 1 33 38 4 65 140 - Stage 2 11 20 8 103 142 - Stage 3 - 3 - - 3 2024 Deferred model calibrations - - 1 17 18 Economic uncertainty 90 22 8 165 285 Other adjustments - - - 18 18 Total 90 22 9 200 321 Of which: - Stage 1 58 9 5 83 155 - Stage 2 26 13 4 115 158 - Stage 3 6 - - 2 8 Post model adjustments reduced since 31 December 2024, • Commercial & Institutional – As at 31 December 2025, the reflecting the removal of COVID-19 post model adjustments post model adjustment for economic uncertainty decreased combined with updates to parameters. to £138 million (2024 – £165 million). The reduction was driven by the retirement of COVID-19 post model • Retail Banking – As at 31 December 2025, the post model adjustments which were associated with government adjustment for economic uncertainty decreased to £86 scheme lending (2024 – £29 million). The continued economic million (2024 – £112 million). This reduction was driven by a uncertainty post model adjustments reflected downgrades to revision to the cost of living post model adjustment, standing risk profile that were applied to the sectors that were at £86 million (2024 – £105 million), and was the sole considered most at risk from the current economic and remaining economic uncertainty post model adjustment. This geopolitical headwinds. change was based on a review of back-testing. Despite • The remaining £30 million (2024 – £35 million) of post model ongoing economic and geopolitical uncertainty, the Retail adjustments were for deferred model calibrations relating to Banking portfolios demonstrated resilience, supported by a refinance risk and to mitigate the effect of operational timing robust risk appetite. The cost of living post model adjustment delays in the identification and flagging of a significant continued to address the risk in segments of the Retail increase in credit risk. Banking portfolio that were more susceptible to affordability challenges. It focused on key affordability factors, including over-indebted borrowers, poor credit card affordability status and lower income customers in fuel poverty. • A £19 million post model adjustment was recognised as a judgemental measure while additional loss data is accumulated on the recently migrated Sainsbury’s Bank lending portfolio. NWH Group Annual Report and Accounts 2025 26 Risk and capital management continued Credit risk – Banking activities Introduction This section details the credit risk profile of NWH Group’s banking activities. Refer to Accounting policy 2.3 and Note 12 to the consolidated 
