. RISK FACTORS Risks related to the semiconductor industry and the markets in which we participate. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical. Historically, the relationship between supply and demand in the semiconductor industry has caused a high degree of cyclicality in the semiconductor market. Semiconductor supply is partly driven by manufacturing capacity, which in the past has demonstrated alternating periods of substantial capacity additions and periods in which no or limited capacity was added. As a general matter, semiconductor companies are more likely to add capacity in periods when current or expected future demand is strong and margins are, or are expected to be, high. Investments in new capacity 16 can result in overcapacity, which can lead to a reduction in prices and margins. In response, companies typically limit further capacity additions, eventually causing the market to be relatively undersupplied. In addition, demand for semiconductors varies, which can exacerbate the effect of supply fluctuations. As a result of this cyclicality, the semiconductor industry has in the past experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or in anticipation of, maturing life cycles of semiconductor companies products and declines in general economic conditions. These downturns have been characterized by diminishing demand for end-user products, high inventory levels, under-utilization of manufacturing capacity and accelerated erosion of average selling prices. The foregoing risks have historically had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Significantly increased volatility and instability and unfavorable economic conditions may adversely affect our business. It is difficult for us, our customers and suppliers, to forecast demand trends. We may be unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of cycles or their effect on our financial condition or result of operations and can give no assurance as to the timing, extent or duration of the current or future business cycles generally, or specific to the markets in which we participate. In 2008 and 2009, Europe, the United States and international markets experienced increased volatility and instability related to the global financial crisis. In the first half of 2020, demand in the automotive market steeply declined as a result of manufacturing shutdowns by automotive customers due to the coronavirus pandemic, resulting in an unforeseen negative impact to our results of operations. Beginning in the third quarter of 2020, demand rebounded across all end markets more quickly than anticipated and accelerated through the third quarter of 2022, resulting in our inability to fully satisfy customer demand. In the course of 2023, 2024 and 2025, our end markets experienced softening demand and uncertainty due to macroeconomic factors and geopolitical uncertainty. In the event of a future decline in global economic conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, and the resulting economic decline might disproportionately affect the markets in which we participate, further exacerbating a decline in our results of operations. The semiconductor industry is highly competitive. If we fail to introduce new technologies and products in a timely manner, this could adversely affect our business. The semiconductor industry is highly competitive and characterized by constant and rapid technological change, short product lifecycles, significant price erosion and evolving standards. Accordingly, the success of our business depends to a significant extent on our ability to develop new technologies and products that are ultimately successful in the market. The costs related to the research and development necessary to develop new technologies and products are significant and subject to increase due to current and expected inflation and any reduction of our research and development budget could harm our competitiveness. Meeting evolving industry requirements, including the increasing use of AI and machine learning technologies (including the need to run complex AI-based applications on devices), and introducing new products to the market in a timely manner and at prices that are acceptable to our customers are significant factors in determining our competitiveness and success. In addition, AI and machine learning are still in relatively early stages, and the introduction and incorporation of AI technologies may result in unintended consequences or other new or expanded risks and liabilities. Such risks may include (i) adverse impacts from deficient, inaccurate, or biased AI recommendations, (ii) AI technologies the company develops and adopts may not meet market requirements or become obsolete earlier than planned, and there can be no assurance that the company will realize the desired or anticipated benefits, (iii) use of AI applications could increase the risk of cybersecurity incidents, such as security vulnerabilities, including unintended or inadvertent transmission of proprietary or sensitive information and unauthorized access, or (iv) there is uncertainty in the legal and regulatory landscape for AI, which is not fully developed, and any laws, regulations or industry standards adopted in response to the emergence of AI may be burdensome, could entail significant costs, and may restrict or impede our ability to successfully use AI technologies efficiently and effectively. Commitments to develop new products must be made well in advance of any resulting sales, and technologies and standards may change during development, potentially rendering our products outdated or noncompetitive before their introduction. If we are unable to successfully develop new products, our revenue may decline substantially. Moreover, some of our competitors are well-established entities, are larger than us and have greater resources than we do. If these competitors increase the resources they devote to developing and marketing their products, we may not be able to compete effectively. Any consolidation among our competitors could enhance their product offerings and financial resources, further strengthening their competitive position. In addition, some of our competitors operate in narrow business areas relative to us, allowing them to concentrate their research and development efforts directly 17 on products and services for those areas, which may give them a competitive advantage. As a result of these competitive pressures, we may face declining sales volumes or lower prevailing prices for our products, and we may not be able to reduce our total costs in line with this declining revenue. If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The demand for our products depends to a significant degree on the demand for our customers end products. The vast majority of our revenue is derived from sales to manufacturers in the Automotive, Industrial & IoT, Mobile, and Communication Infrastructure end markets. Demand in these markets fluctuates significantly, driven by consumer spending, consumer preferences, the development of new technologies and prevailing economic conditions. In addition, the specific products in which our semiconductors are incorporated may not be successful or may experience price erosion or other competitive factors that affect the price manufacturers are willing to pay us. Such customers have in the past, and may in the future, vary order levels significantly from period to period, request postponements to scheduled delivery dates, modify their orders or reduce lead times. This is particularly common during periods of low demand. This can make managing our business difficult, as it limits the predictability of future revenue. It can also affect the accuracy of our financial forecasts. Furthermore, developing industry trends, such as customers use of outsourcing and revised supply chain models, including the direct purchase of semiconductor products by end product manufacturers instead of component manufacturers, may affect our revenue, costs, customer relations and working capital requirements. If customers do not purchase products made specifically for them, we may not be able to resell such products to other customers or may not be able to require the customers who have ordered these products to pay a cancellation fee. The foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The semiconductor industry is historically characterized by continued price erosion, especially after a product has been on the market. One of the results of the rapid innovation in the semiconductor industry is that pricing pressure, especially on products containing older technology, can be intense. If this trend continues, in order to continue profitably supplying these products, we must reduce our production and procurement costs in line with the lower revenue we can expect to generate per unit. Usually, this must be accomplished through improvements in process technology, production efficiencies and efficient procurement pricing. If we cannot advance our process technologies or improve our efficiencies to a degree sufficient to maintain required margins, the profit we make from the sale of these products will decline. Moreover, we may not be able to cease production of such products, either due to contractual obligations or for customer relationship reasons, and as a result may be required to bear reduced profitability, or even a loss on such products. We cannot guarantee that competition in our core product markets will not lead to price erosion, lower revenue or lower margins in the future. Should reductions in our manufacturing costs fail to keep pace with reductions in market prices for the products we sell, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks related to our business operations In many of the market segments in which we compete, we depend on winning selection processes, and failure to be selected could adversely affect our business in those market segments. One of our business strategies is to participate in and win competitive bid selection processes to develop products for use in our customers equipment and products. These selection processes can be lengthy and require us to incur significant design and development expenditures, with no guarantee of winning a contract or generating revenue. Failure to win new design projects and delays in developing new products with anticipated technological advances or in commencing volume shipments of these products may have an adverse effect on our business. This risk is particularly pronounced in markets where there are only a few potential customers and in the automotive market, where, due to the longer design cycles involved, failure to win a design-in could prevent access to a customer for several years. Our failure to win a sufficient number of these bids could result in reduced revenue and hurt our competitive position in future selection processes because we may not be perceived as being a technology or industry leader, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our global business operations expose us to international business risks that could adversely affect our business. 18 If any of the following international business risks were to materialize or become worse, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations: negative economic developments in economies around the world and the instability of governments and international trade arrangements, such as the increase of barriers to international trade including the imposition of new or increased tariffs on imports by the United States and China and other countries, enhanced export controls on certain products and sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties; social and political instability in a number of countries around the world, including continued hostilities in the Middle East and the armed conflict in Ukraine. The instability and any resulting sanctions, export controls or other penalties, may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and operations via our customers and global supply chain and volatility in energy prices and the financial markets or negatively impact demand for our products; potential terrorist attacks; epidemics and pandemics, such as the coronavirus outbreak, which may adversely affect our workforce, as well as our suppliers and customers; geopolitical tension and disputes, as well as resulting adverse changes in government policies, especially those affecting global trade and investment, including trade protection and national security policies or placing companies on restricted entity lists. Sustained geopolitical tensions, such as the current geopolitical tensions involving China and Taiwan, could lead to long-term changes in global trade and technology supply chains and decoupling of global trade networks; volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, in particular with respect to the U.S. dollar, and transfer restrictions, in particular in mainland China; and threats that our operations or property could be subject to nationalization and expropriation. Recently announced and future tariffs and other trade restrictions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In 2025, the U.S. government announced a series of tariffs, including tariffs targeting a broad range of imports and targeted tariffs on goods from specific countries and industries. In response, many countries imposed reciprocal tariffs and other trade restrictions on the United States. Although many of these tariffs, countermeasures and other trade restrictions have since been eased or paused, their initial announcements triggered considerable volatility in global markets and heightened economic uncertainty, and the global trade situation, particularly between the United States and China, continues to be highly dynamic. Further, throughout 2025 the U.S. government has initiated numerous investigations into products and industries under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. For example, in April 2025, the Department of Commerce launched an investigation into the national security impacts of imported semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing equipment. While the results of this investigation remain unknown, it is expected to result in additional tariffs and trade restrictions that may adversely impact our business. Similar investigations on other industries or products, including automotive, copper, steel, aluminum, critical minerals and aircraft, may also adversely impact the semiconductor industry and our business. These changes have, and similar changes in the future may continue to, increase the cost or reduce the availability of raw materials and supplies we need to operate, cause customers to advance, delay, reduce, or cancel orders, shift buying patterns, impact demand in our end markets, complicate demand forecasting for us and our customers, increase supply chain complexity and contribute to volatility, a broader economic slowdown or recession. Any of these impacts or changes could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets are recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition. We review our goodwill and other intangible assets balance for impairment upon any indication of a potential impairment, and in the case of goodwill, at a minimum of once a year. Impairment may result from, among other things, a sustained decrease in share price, deterioration in performance, adverse market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including changes that restrict the activities of or affect the products and services we sell, challenges to the validity of certain registered intellectual property, reduced sales of certain products incorporating intellectual property and a variety of other factors. The amount of any quantified impairment must be expensed immediately as a charge to results of operations. Depending on future circumstances, it is possible that we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. Any future determination of impairment of goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and stockholders equity. 19 In difficult market conditions, our high fixed costs combined with low revenue may negatively affect our results of operations. The semiconductor industry is characterized by high fixed costs and, notwithstanding our utilization of third-party manufacturing capacity, our production requirements are in part met by our own manufacturing facilities. In less favorable industry environments, like we faced in the first half of 2020, we are generally faced with a decline in the utilization rates of our manufacturing facilities due to decreases in demand for our products. During such periods, our fabrication plants could operate at lower loading level, while the fixed costs associated with the full capacity continue to be incurred, resulting in lower gross profit. We may from time to time restructure parts of our organization. Any such restructuring may impact customer satisfaction, and the costs of implementation may be difficult to predict. We have previously executed restructuring initiatives and continue to assess, restructure and make changes to parts of the processes in our organization. If the global economy remains volatile, our revenues could decline and we may be forced to take cost savings steps that could result in additional charges and materially affect our business. The costs of implementing any restructurings, changes or cost savings steps may differ from our estimates and any negative impacts on our revenues or otherwise of such restructurings, changes or steps, such as situations in which customer satisfaction is negatively impacted, may be larger than originally estimated. If we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements and social plans with our labor unions as they expire from time to time, if regular or statutory consultation processes with employee representatives such as works councils fail or are delayed, or if our unionized employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, our business and operating results could be materially harmed. We are a party to collective bargaining agreements and social plans with our labor unions. We are also required to consult with our employee representatives, such as works councils, on items such as restructurings, acquisitions and divestitures. Although we believe that our relations with our employees, employee representatives and unions are satisfactory, no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully extend or renegotiate these agreements as they expire from time to time or to conclude the consultation processes in a timely and favorable way. The impact of future negotiations and consultation processes with employee representatives could have a material impact on our financial results. Also, if we fail to extend or renegotiate our labor agreements and social plans, if significant disputes with our unions arise, or if our unionized workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage, we could incur higher ongoing labor costs or experience a significant disruption of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our working capital needs are difficult to predict. Our working capital needs are difficult to predict and may fluctuate. The comparatively long period between the time at which we commence development of a product and the time at which it may be delivered to a customer leads to high inventory and work-in-progress levels. The volatility of our customers own businesses and the time required to manufacture products also make it difficult to manage inventory levels and require us to stockpile products across many different specifications. Our business may be adversely affected by costs relating to product defects, and we could be faced with product liability and warranty claims. We make highly complex electronic components which in many cases are enabled by software and, accordingly, there is a risk that defects may occur in any of our products. Such defects can give rise to significant costs, including expenses relating to recalling products, releasing new software versions, replacing defective items, writing down defective inventory and loss of potential sales. In addition, the occurrence of such defects may give rise to product liability and warranty claims, including liability for damages caused by such defects. If we release defective products into the market, our reputation could suffer and we may lose sales opportunities and incur liability for damages. Moreover, since the cost of replacing defective semiconductor devices is often much higher than the value of the devices themselves, we may at times face damage claims from customers in excess of the amounts they pay us for our products, including consequential damages. We also face exposure to potential liability resulting from the fact that our customers typically integrate the semiconductors and the corresponding software we sell into numerous consumer products, which are then sold into the marketplace. We are exposed to product liability claims if our 20 semiconductors or software, or the consumer products based on them malfunction and result in personal injury or death. We may be named in product liability claims even if there is no evidence that our products caused the damage in question, and such claims could result in significant costs and expenses relating to attorneys fees and damages. In addition, our customers may recall their products if they prove to be defective or make compensatory payments in accordance with industry or business practice or in order to maintain good customer relationships. If such a recall or payment is caused by a defect in one of our products, semiconductor parts or software, our customers may seek to recover all or a portion of their losses from us. If any of these risks materialize, our reputation would be harmed and there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face risks related to security vulnerabilities in our products. We and third parties regularly identify security vulnerabilities with respect to our products and services. The same holds for the operating systems and workloads that run on them and the components that interact with them. Components and Intellectual Property (IP) we purchase or license from third parties for use in our products, as well as industry-standard specifications we implement in our products, are also regularly subject to security vulnerabilities. As we have become a more data-centric company, our processors and other products are being used in additional and new and critical application areas that create new or increased cybersecurity, privacy or safety risks. This includes applications that gather and process large amounts of data, such as the cloud or Internet of Things, and critical infrastructure and automotive applications. We, our customers, and the users of our products do not always promptly learn of or have the ability to fully assess the magnitude or effects of a vulnerability, including the extent, if any, to which a vulnerability has been exploited. Additionally, new information can subsequently develop that may impact our assessment of a security vulnerability, including additional information learned as we develop and deploy mitigations or updates, become aware of additional variants and evaluate the competitiveness of existing and new products. Security vulnerabilities and any limitations of, or adverse effects resulting from, mitigation techniques can adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, sales, branding, customer relationships, share price, prospects, and reputation in a number of ways, any of which may be material. Adverse publicity about security vulnerabilities or mitigations could damage our reputation with customers or users and reduce demand for our products and services. These effects may be greater to the extent that competing products are not susceptible to the same vulnerabilities or if vulnerabilities can be more effectively mitigated in competing products. Moreover, third parties can release information regarding potential vulnerabilities of our products before mitigations are available. This, in turn, could lead to attempted or successful exploits, adversely affect our ability to introduce mitigations, or otherwise harm our business and reputation. Our business has suffered, and could in the future suffer, from manufacturing problems. We manufacture, in our own factories as well as with third parties, our products using processes that are highly complex, require advanced and costly equipment and must continuously be modified to improve yields and performance. Difficulties in the production process can reduce yields or interrupt production, and, as a result of such problems, we may on occasion not be able to deliver products or do so in a timely or cost-effective or competitive manner. Such difficulties may include rationing, or other forced disruption of utility supplies such as electricity, gas or water by governments or regulators which could lead to disruptions of our operation resulting in high costs and global supply chain disruptions. As the complexity of both our products and our fabrication processes has become more advanced, manufacturing tolerances have been reduced and requirements for precision have become more demanding. As is common in the semiconductor industry, we have in the past experienced manufacturing difficulties that have given rise to delays in delivery and quality control problems. There can be no assurance that any such occurrence in the future would not materially harm our results of operations. Further, we may suffer disruptions in our manufacturing operations, either due to production difficulties such as those described above or as a result of external factors beyond our control, such as the disruption to our Austin, Texas manufacturing facilities caused by the February 2021 winter storm. We may, in the future, experience manufacturing difficulties or permanent or temporary loss of manufacturing capacity due to the preceding or other risks. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on the timely supply of equipment and materials and could suffer if suppliers fail to meet their delivery obligations or raise prices. Certain equipment and materials needed in our manufacturing operations are only available from a limited number of suppliers. 21 Our manufacturing operations depend on deliveries of equipment and materials in a timely manner and, in some cases, on a just-in-time basis. From time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit the amounts supplied to us or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. Supply disruptions may also occur due to shortages in critical materials, such as silicon wafers or specialized chemicals. In addition, the imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions may significantly increase the costs, and otherwise adversely impact the availability of certain raw materials and supplies needed for our manufacturing operations. Because the equipment that we purchase is complex, it is frequently difficult or impossible for us to substitute one piece of equipment for another or replace one type of material with another. A failure by our suppliers to deliver our requirements could result in disruptions to our manufacturing operations. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed if we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of quality equipment or materials in a timely manner or if there are significant increases in the costs of equipment or materials due to current or expected inflation, trade restrictions or other reasons and we are not able to increase the price of our products. Failure of our third party suppliers to perform could adversely affect our results of operations. We currently use outside suppliers for a portion of our manufacturing capacity. Outsourcing our production presents a number of risks. If our outside suppliers are unable to satisfy our demand, or experience manufacturing difficulties, delays or reduced yields, our results of operations and ability to satisfy customer demand could suffer. For example, as part of the industry-wide shortage of semiconductors during 2022 we could not obtain sufficient silicon wafers from our foundry partners to meet the demand for our products, causing us not to fully supply the demand for our products, and negatively affecting our results of operations. In addition, purchasing rather than manufacturing these products may adversely affect our gross profit margin if the purchase costs of these products are higher than our own manufacturing costs would have been or if we are not able to increase the price of our products to reflect the higher input costs. Prices for foundry products also vary depending on capacity utilization rates at our suppliers, quantities demanded, product technology and geometry. Furthermore, these outsourcing costs can vary materially from quarter to quarter and, in cases of industry shortages like we experienced in 2022, they can increase significantly, which may negatively affect our gross profit if we are not able to increase the price of our products. In addition, we have entered into long-term supply agreements with certain key manufacturing partners. The failure of these suppliers to perform under these agreements or an unexpected reduction in demand for these products could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Disruptions in our relationships with any one of our key customers could adversely affect our business. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from our top customers, including our distributors. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to generate similar levels of revenue from our largest customers in the future. If one or more of these customers substantially reduce their purchases from us, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We receive subsidies and grants in certain countries, and a reduction in the amount of governmental funding available to us or demands for repayment could increase our costs and affect our results of operations. As is the case with other large semiconductor companies, we receive subsidies and grants from governments in some countries. These programs are subject to periodic review by the relevant governments, and if any of these programs are curtailed or discontinued, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As the availability of government funding is outside our control, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to benefit from government support or that sufficient alternative funding will be available if we lose such support. Moreover, if we terminate any activities or operations, including strategic alliances or joint ventures, we may face adverse actions from the local governmental agencies providing such subsidies to us. In such event that we don't meet the subsidies grant conditions, such government agencies could seek to recover such subsidies from us, and they could cancel or reduce other subsidies we receive from them. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain natural disasters, such as flooding, heavy precipitation, large earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or nuclear or other disasters, may negatively impact our business. Climate change may cause a rising number of natural disasters that could negatively affect our operations. Environmental and other disasters, such as flooding, heavy precipitation large earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or nuclear or other disasters, or a combination thereof may negatively impact our business. If flooding, heavy precipitation, a large earthquake, volcanic eruption or, extreme weather event or other natural disaster were to 22 directly damage, destroy or disrupt our manufacturing facilities, it could disrupt our operations, delay new production and shipments of existing inventory or result in costly repairs, replacements or other costs, all of which would negatively impact our business. Even if our manufacturing facilities are not directly damaged, a large natural disaster may result in disruptions in distribution channels, supply chains, movement of goods and significant increases in the prices of raw materials used for our manufacturing process. For instance, the nuclear incident following the tsunami in Japan in 2011 impacted the supply chains of our customers and suppliers. Furthermore, any disaster affecting our customers (or their respective customers) may significantly negatively impact the demand for our products and our revenues. In addition, climate change could cause certain natural disasters, such as drought, wildfires, storms, flooding or rising sea levels, to occur more frequently or with greater intensity. Such natural disasters pose physical risks to our manufacturing, IT facilities or our suppliers facilities, or could disrupt the availability of water and utilities necessary for the operation of our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers facilities resulting in increased operating costs and business disruption, such as the disruption to our Austin, Texas manufacturing facilities caused by the February 2021 winter storm and weather-related disruption of water and utilities to these facilities. In addition, semiconductor manufacturing is a water-intensive process. Many of our manufacturing sites and those of our suppliers are located in semi arid regions that may become increasingly vulnerable to prolonged droughts associated with evolving changes to the climate, which may lead to water scarcity. If we and our suppliers are not able to implement adequate water recycling and conservation measures or if the water scarcity in a particular region becomes acute and restricts the availability of water necessary for the operation of our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers facilities, our business may be significantly negatively impacted. The impact of any such natural disasters depends on the specific geographic circumstances but could be significant, as some of our factories are located in areas with known earthquake fault zones, flood or storm risks, including but not limited to Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia or Thailand. There is increasing concern that climate change is occurring that may cause a rising number of natural disasters with potentially dramatic effects on human activity. We cannot predict the economic impact, if any, of natural disasters or climate change. We may engage in acquisitions and other strategic transactions or make investments, or be unable to consummate planned strategic acquisitions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We engage in acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including joint ventures, and make investments which we believe are important to the future of our business. We routinely acquire businesses and other assets, including patents, technology and other intangible assets, enter into joint ventures or other strategic transactions, and purchase minority equity interests in or make loans to companies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions depends in part upon our ability to integrate the businesses in an efficient and effective manner and achieve anticipated synergies, and we may not be successful in these efforts. Such integration is complex and time-consuming and involves significant challenges, including, among others: retaining key employees; integration of new employees, technology, products, operations, sales and distribution channels, business models, facilities and business systems; retaining customers and suppliers of the businesses; consolidating research and development operations; and consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures. If we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions or other strategic activities, or if we are unable to consummate acquisitions or strategic investments that we consider important to the future of our business, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected and our growth strategy may not be successful. Additionally, our acquisitions and other strategic investments may require approval by government agencies in applicable jurisdictions in which we operate. Certain agencies in the past have, and may in the future, deny the transaction or fail to approve in a timely manner, resulting in delays in closing and us not realizing the anticipated benefits of the proposed transactions. We rely on joint ventures to meet our current and future manufacturing requirements. However, we often do not control these partnerships and joint ventures, and actions taken by any of our partners or the termination of these joint ventures could adversely affect our business. As part of our hybrid manufacturing strategy, we have entered into a number of long-term strategic partnerships with other leading industry participants and may do so again in the future. For example, we currently participate in a joint venture with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited ( TSMC ) called Systems on Silicon Manufacturing Company Pte. Ltd. ( SSMC ) and have recently formed a joint venture with Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation called VisionPower Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Pte. Ltd. ( VSMC ), and a joint venture with TSMC, Robert Bosch Gmbh and Infineon Technologies AG called European Semiconductor Manufacturing Company ( ESMC ) to create capability for our future manufacturing requirements. If any of our strategic partners in alliances we currently engage with or may engage with in the future were to encounter financial 23 difficulties or change their business strategies, they may no longer be able or willing to participate in these groups or alliances, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Under the terms of current or future alliances, we may have certain obligations, including funding obligations or take or pay obligations. If we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of these joint ventures, or if newly established joint ventures are not able to begin production in the expected timing or achieve expected efficiency and quality, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Risks related to regulatory or legal challenges. As our business is global, we need to comply with laws and regulations in countries across the world. We operate globally, with manufacturing, assembly and testing facilities in several continents, and we market our products globally. As a result, we are subject to environmental, data privacy, export controls and sanctions, AI technologies, cybersecurity, disclosure and reporting (including reporting of ESG-related data), labor and health and safety laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate. We are also required to obtain environmental permits and other authorizations or licenses from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. In the jurisdictions where we operate, we need to comply with differing standards and varying practices of regulatory, tax, customs, judicial and administrative bodies. No assurance can be given that we have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with the laws and regulations to which we are subject or that we have obtained or will obtain the permits and other authorizations or licenses that we need. If we violate or fail to comply with laws, regulations, permits and other authorizations or licenses, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. Furthermore, if one or more of our customers are sanctioned by regulators for non-compliance with laws and regulations, we could experience a decrease in demand for our products. For example, import and export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce and sanctions imposed by the European Union (EU) and other jurisdictions, are complex, change frequently, have generally become more stringent over time and have intensified in recent years. Our results of operations could be negatively impacted if we are required to suspend activities with certain customers or suppliers due to the current and future changes in regulations, including as a result of executive orders or policy changes pursued by the new U.S. administration. For example, in 2020, due to regulations imposed by the U.S. government, we ceased shipments of our products to Huawei pending approval of export licenses. Furthermore, global privacy legislation, enforcement, and policy activity, such as the EU General Data Privacy Regulation, are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. Costs to comply with and implement these privacy-related and data protection measures could be significant. Even our inadvertent failure to comply with applicable privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. In addition, governments are increasingly imposing restrictions on cross-border investments in semiconductor businesses and technology, such as the Dutch foreign investment control regime and U.S. outbound investment rules, that may limit our ability to execute strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Compliance with, or changes in the interpretation of, existing regulations, the adoption of new regulations, changes in the oversight of our activities by governments or standard bodies or rulings in court, regulatory, administrative or other proceedings relating to such regulations, among others, could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Legal proceedings covering a range of matters are pending in various jurisdictions. Due to the uncertainty inherent in litigation, it is difficult to predict the final outcome. An adverse outcome might affect our results of operations. We and certain of our businesses are involved as plaintiffs or defendants in legal proceedings in various matters. For example, in the past we have been involved in legal proceedings claiming personal injuries to the children of former employees as a result of employees alleged exposure to chemicals used in semiconductor manufacturing clean room environments operated by us or our former parent companies, Philips and Motorola. Furthermore, because we continue to utilize these clean rooms, we may become subject to future claims alleging personal injury that may lead to additional liability. A judgment against us in these or other legal proceedings or material defense cost could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our manufacturing operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations and initiatives to address climate change. 24 We are subject to many environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate, which govern, among other things, emissions of pollutants into the air, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous substances, waste disposal, the investigation and remediation of soil and ground water contamination and the health and safety of our employees. We are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. We cannot assure you that we have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. If we violate or fail to comply with these laws, regulations or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. As with other companies engaged in similar activities or that own or operate real property, we face inherent risks of environmental liability at our current and historical manufacturing facilities. Certain environmental laws impose strict, and in certain circumstances, joint and several liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous substances as well as liability for related damages to natural resources. Certain of these laws also assess liability on persons who arrange for hazardous substances to be sent to disposal or treatment facilities when such facilities are found to be contaminated. While we do not expect that any contamination currently known to us will have a material adverse effect on our business, we cannot assure you that this is the case or that we will not discover new facts or conditions or that environmental laws or the enforcement of such laws will not change such that our liabilities would be increased significantly. In addition, we could also be held liable for consequences arising out of human exposure to hazardous substances or other environmental damage. In summary, we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, or our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, regulated materials, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. Public and private initiatives to address climate change may result in an increase in the cost of production due to increase in the prices of energy, introduction of energy or carbon tax or the purchase of carbon offsets. A variety of regulatory developments have been introduced that focus on restricting or managing the emission of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases. Enterprises may need to purchase at higher costs new equipment or raw materials with lower carbon footprints. Environmental laws and regulations could also require us to acquire pollution abatement or remediation equipment, modify product designs, or incur expenses. New materials that we are evaluating for use in our operations may become subject to regulation. These developments and further legislation that is likely to be enacted could affect our operations negatively. Changes in environmental regulations could increase our production and operational costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Risks related to cybersecurity and IT systems. Interruptions in our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology applications, systems and networks to operate our business. The reliability and security of our information technology infrastructure and software, and our ability to expand and continually update technologies in response to our changing needs is critical to our business. Any significant interruption in our business applications, systems or networks, including but not limited to new system implementations, computer viruses, cyberattacks, security breaches, facility issues or energy blackouts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our computer systems and networks are subject to attempted security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents, which, if successful, could adversely impact our business. We have, from time to time, experienced cyber-attacks attempting to obtain access to and misuse our computer systems and networks. Such incidents could result in the misappropriation of our proprietary information and technology, the compromise of personal and confidential information of our employees, customers or suppliers or interrupt our business. There can be no assurance that a breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results in the future. We believe that we have a robust cybersecurity program that is aligned to international cybersecurity frameworks, and that we leverage industry best practices across people, processes and technologies in an attempt to mitigate cybersecurity threats. However, we cannot always anticipate, detect, repel or implement fully effective preventative measures against all cybersecurity threats, particularly because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. For example, as AI continues to evolve, cyber attackers could also use AI to develop malicious code and increasingly sophisticated phishing attempts. 25 In the current environment, there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, employee malfeasance, and human or technological error. Computer hackers and others routinely attempt to breach the security of technology products, services, and systems, and those of customers, suppliers, and some of those attempts may be successful. Such breaches could result in, for example, unauthorized access to, disclosure, misuse, loss, or destruction of our, our customer, or other third party data or systems, theft of sensitive or confidential data including personal information (including personal data about our employees, customers or other third parties) and intellectual property, system disruptions, and denial of service. In the event of such breaches, we, our customers or other third parties could be exposed to potential liability, litigation, and regulatory action, as well as the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our reputation, and other financial loss. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. We have identified instances of employee misappropriation or theft of certain proprietary technology by individuals who are no longer employed by NXP. In some cases, such misappropriation may result in the violation of applicable export control regulations, which we report to relevant authorities as appropriate. As of the date of this filing, we do not believe that any such misappropriation or theft known to us has resulted in a material adverse effect on our business or any material damage to us. However, there can be no assurance that these or other similar incidents will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results in the future. Accordingly, as these threats become increasingly sophisticated and continue to develop and grow, we are actively adapting our security measures and we continue to increase the amount we allocate to implement, maintain and/or update security systems to protect our infrastructure, intellectual property and data. As a global enterprise, we could also be impacted by existing and proposed laws and regulations, as well as government policies and practices related to cybersecurity, privacy and data protection. Additionally cyber-attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in power, information technology, communication systems or other critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to us, our customers, or other third party operations or services, financial loss, potential liability, and damage our reputation and affect our relationships with our customers and suppliers. Risks related to intellectual property We rely to a significant extent on proprietary intellectual property. We may not be able to protect this intellectual property against improper use by our competitors or others. Our success and future revenue growth depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary technology, our products, our proprietary designs and fabrication processes, and other intellectual property against misappropriation by others. We primarily rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect our intellectual property. We may have difficulty obtaining patents and other intellectual property rights to protect our proprietary products, technology and intellectual property, and the patents and other intellectual property rights we receive may be insufficient to provide us with meaningful protection or commercial advantage. We may not obtain patent protection or secure other intellectual property rights in all the countries in which we operate, and under the laws of such countries, patents and other intellectual property rights may be or become unavailable or limited in scope. Even if new patents are issued, the claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to effectively protect our proprietary technology, processes and other intellectual property. In addition, any of our existing patents, and any future patents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. The protection offered by intellectual property rights may be inadequate or weakened for reasons or circumstances that are out of our control. Further, our proprietary technology, designs and processes and other intellectual property may be vulnerable to disclosure or misappropriation by employees, contractors and other persons. It is possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose our proprietary technologies, our products, designs, processes and other intellectual property despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property. While we hold a significant number of patents, there can be no assurances that additional patents will be issued or that any rights granted under our patents will provide meaningful protection against misappropriation of our intellectual property. Our competitors may also be able to develop similar technology independently or design around our patents. We may not have or pursue patents or pending applications in all the countries in which we operate corresponding to all of our primary patents and applications. Even if patents are granted, effective enforcement in some countries may not be available. In particular, intellectual property rights are difficult to enforce in countries where the application and enforcement of the laws governing such rights may not have reached the same level as compared to other jurisdictions where we operate. Consequently, operating in some countries may subject us to an increased risk that unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise use our intellectual property or the intellectual property of our suppliers or other parties with whom we engage. There is no assurance that we will be able to protect our intellectual property rights or have adequate legal recourse in the event 26 that we seek legal or judicial enforcement of our intellectual property rights under the laws of such countries. Any inability on our part to adequately protect our intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, the intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyrights and patents, surrounding AI technologies, which we are and may in the future continue to build into our products, have not been fully addressed by U.S. or foreign courts, laws or regulations, and the use of AI in the development of our products and services could result in our loss of, or failure to obtain, intellectual property rights, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. We may become party to intellectual property claims or litigation that could cause us to incur substantial costs, pay substantial damages or prohibit us from selling our products. We have from time to time received, and may in the future receive, communications alleging possible infringement of patents and other intellectual property rights of others. Further, we may become involved in costly litigation brought against us regarding patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights. If any such claims are asserted against us, we may seek to obtain a license under the third party s intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain any or all of the necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if at all. In the event that we cannot obtain or take the view that we don t need a license, these parties may file lawsuits against us seeking damages (and potentially treble damages in the United States) or an injunction against the sale of our products that incorporate allegedly infringed intellectual property or against the operation of our business as presently conducted. Such lawsuits, if successful, could result in an increase in the costs of selling certain of our products, our having to partially or completely redesign our products or stop the sale of some of our products and could cause damage to our reputation. Any litigation could require significant financial and management resources regardless of the merits or outcome, and we cannot assure you that we would prevail in any litigation or that our intellectual property rights can be successfully asserted in the future or will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Additionally, and in part due to ongoing uncertainties in the legal framework around AI, our use of AI technologies for productivity and in our products and services may expose us to copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation claims. The award of damages, including material royalty payments, or the entry of an injunction against the manufacture and sale of some or all of our products, could affect our ability to compete or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks related to human capital management Loss of our key management and other personnel, or an inability to attract such management and other personnel, could affect our business. We depend on our key management to run our business and on our senior engineers to develop new products and technologies. Our success will depend on the continued service of these individuals. The loss of any of our key personnel, whether due to departures, death, ill health or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business. The market for qualified employees, including skilled engineers and other individuals with the required technical expertise to succeed in our business, is highly competitive and the loss of qualified employees or an inability to attract, retain and motivate the additional highly skilled employees required for the operation and expansion of our business could hinder our ability to successfully conduct research activities or develop marketable products. The foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business. Effective October 28, 2025, Kurt Sievers voluntarily retired as our CEO and executive director and Rafael Sotomayor succeeded Mr. Sievers as President and CEO and temporary executive director of the Company. Any significant leadership change involves inherent risk, including potential disruptions to our operations or relationships with customers, suppliers and key employees, and can be inherently difficult to implement. If our CEO transition is not successful for any reason, it could have an adverse impact on our business. Risks related to our corporate structure United States civil liabilities may not be enforceable against us. We are incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and substantial portions of our assets are located outside of the United States. In addition, certain members of our board and officers reside outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon us or such other persons 27 residing outside the United States, or to enforce outside the United States judgments obtained against such persons in U.S. courts in any action. In addition, it may be difficult for investors to enforce, in original actions brought in courts in jurisdictions located outside the United States, rights predicated upon the U.S. laws. In the absence of an applicable treaty for the mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters to which the United States and the Netherlands are a party, a judgment obtained against the Company in the courts of the United States, whether or not predicated solely upon the U.S. federal securities laws, including a judgment predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities law or securities laws of any State or territory within the United States, will not be directly enforceable in the Netherlands. In order to obtain a judgment which is enforceable in the Netherlands, the claim must be relitigated before a competent court of the Netherlands; the relevant Netherlands court has discretion to attach such weight to a judgment of the courts of the United States as it deems appropriate; based on case law, the courts of the Netherlands may be expected to recognize and grant permission for enforcement of a judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States without re-examination or relitigation of the substantive matters adjudicated thereby, provided that (i) the relevant court in the United States had jurisdiction in the matter in accordance with standards which are generally accepted internationally; (ii) the proceedings before that court complied with principles of proper procedure; (iii) recognition and/or enforcement of that judgment does not conflict with the public policy of the Netherlands; and (iv) recognition and/or enforcement of that judgment is not irreconcilable with a decision of a Dutch court rendered between the same parties or with an earlier decision of a foreign court rendered between the same parties in a dispute that is about the same subject matter and that is based on the same cause, provided that earlier decision can be recognized in the Netherlands. Based on the foregoing, there can be no assurance that U.S. investors will be able to enforce against us or members of our board of directors or officers who are residents of the Netherlands or countries other than the United States any judgments obtained in U.S. courts in civil and commercial matters. In addition, there is doubt as to whether a Dutch court would impose civil liability on us, the members of our board of directors, our officers or certain experts named herein in an original action predicated solely upon the U.S. laws brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in the Netherlands against us or such members, officers or experts, respectively. We are a Dutch public company with limited liability. The rights of our stockholders may be different from the rights of stockholders governed by the laws of U.S. jurisdictions. We are a Dutch public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) . Our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of association and by the laws governing companies incorporated in the Netherlands. The rights of stockholders and the responsibilities of members of our board of directors may be different from the rights and obligations of stockholders in companies governed by the laws of U.S. jurisdictions. In the performance of its duties, our board of directors is required by Dutch law to consider the interests of our company, its stockholders, its employees and other stakeholders, in all cases with due observation of the principles of reasonableness and fairness. It is possible that some of these parties will have interests that are different from, or in addition to, your interests as a stockholder. See Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . Risks related to our indebtedness Our debt obligations expose us to risks that could adversely affect our financial condition, which could adversely affect our results of operations. As of December 31, 2025, we had outstanding indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount of $12,290 million. Our substantial indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business by: increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments; requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities; exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates in the event we have borrowings under our $2,500 million revolving credit facility agreement (the RCF Agreement ), which was restated to $3,000 million as per February 6, 2026, because loans under the RCF Agreement may bear interest at a variable rate; 28 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, could result in an event default under the indentures governing our notes and agreements governing other indebtedness; restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; limiting our ability to obtain additional financial for working capital, capital expenditures, restructurings, product development, research and development, debt service requirements, investments, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting. Despite our level of indebtedness, we may still incur significantly more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks described above and affect our ability to service and repay our debt. If we do not comply with the covenants in our debt agreements or fail to generate sufficient cash to service and repay our debt, it could adversely affect our operating results and our financial condition. The RCF Agreement, European Investment Bank (EIB) loan facilities and the indentures governing our unsecured notes or any other debt arrangements that we may have require us to comply with various covenants. If there were an event of default under any of our debt instruments that was not cured or waived, the holders of the defaulted debt could terminate commitments to lend and cause all amounts outstanding with respect to the debt to be due and payable immediately, which in turn could result in cross defaults under our other debt instruments. Our assets and cash flow may not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under all of our outstanding debt instruments if some or all of these instruments are accelerated upon an event of default. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital, restructure or refinance our indebtedness or reduce or delay capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain enough capital to service our debt and fund our planned capital expenditures and business plan. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. 29 The rating of our debt by major rating agencies may further improve or deteriorate, which could affect our additional borrowing capacity and financing costs. The major debt rating agencies routinely evaluate our debt. These ratings are based on current information furnished to the ratings agencies by us and information obtained by the ratings agencies from other sources. An explanation of the significance of such rating may be obtained from such rating agency. There can be no assurance that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies, if, in each rating agency s judgment, circumstances so warrant. Actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, could affect our market value and/or increase our corporate borrowing costs. General RISK FACTORS The price of our common stock historically has been volatile. The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. The stock market in recent years has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of companies. The market closing price for our common stock varied between a high of $245.86 on February 20, 2025, and a low of $153.50 on April 8, 2025, in the twelve-month period ending on December 31, 2025. The market price of our common stock is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to significant price and volume fluctuations for many reasons, including in response to the risks described in this section, changes in our dividend or share repurchase policies, variations between our actual financial results or guidance and expectations of securities analysts or investors or for reasons unrelated to our operations, such as reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions or negative announcements by our customers, competitors, peer companies or suppliers regarding their own performance, or announcements by our competitors of significant contracts, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, joint marketing relationships or capital commitments, the passage of legislation or other regulatory developments affecting us or our industry, as well as industry conditions and general financial, economic and political instability. In the past, following periods of market volatility, shareholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. We may have fluctuations in the amount and frequency of our stock repurchases. The amount, timing, and execution of our stock repurchases may fluctuate based on our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes such as investing in our business, including operational spending, capital spending, and acquisitions, and returning cash to our stockholders as dividend payments and because of changes in cash flows, tax laws, and the market price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends. Our board of directors has adopted a dividend policy pursuant to which we currently pay a cash dividend on our ordinary shares on a quarterly basis. The declaration and payment of any dividend is subject to the approval of our board, and our dividend may be discontinued or reduced at any time. There can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the future in any particular amounts, or at all. Future dividends, if any, and their timing and amount, may be affected by, among other factors: management s views on potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions; earnings levels; contractual restrictions; cash position and overall financial condition; and changes to our business model. The payment of cash dividends is restricted by applicable law, contractual restrictions and our corporate structure. The impact of a negative performance of financial markets and demographic trends on our defined benefit pension liabilities and costs cannot be predicted. We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in a number of countries, and a significant number of our employees are covered by our defined benefit pension plans. As of December 31, 2025, we had recognized a net accrued benefit liability of $342 million, representing the unfunded benefit obligations of our defined pension plans. The funding status and the liabilities and costs of maintaining these defined benefit pension plans may be impacted by financial market developments. For example, the accounting for such plans requires determining discount rates, expected rates of compensation and expected returns on plan assets, and any changes in these variables can have a significant impact 30 on the projected benefit obligations and net periodic pension costs. Negative performance of the financial markets could also have a material impact on funding requirements and net periodic pension costs. Our defined benefit pension plans may also be subject to demographic trends. Accordingly, our costs to meet pension liabilities going forward may be significantly higher than they are today, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. Future changes to Dutch, U.S. and other foreign tax laws could adversely affect us. The European Commission, U.S. Congress and Treasury Department, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), and other government agencies in jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations, particularly payments made between affiliates from a jurisdiction with high tax rates to a jurisdiction with lower tax rates. As a result, the tax laws in the European Union, U.S. and other countries in which we and our affiliates do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely affect us and our affiliates. Recent examples include the OECD s initiatives to revise profit allocation and nexus rules to allocate more taxing rights to countries where companies have their markets and to establish a minimum tax rate on a global basis. As part of the OECD framework to implement a minimum tax rate, the EU has adopted a directive on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational companies, also known as Pillar 2, which became effective in 2024. As from that year the Dutch government enacted legislation in response to and based on such EU directive. However, this legislation could be amended as the OECD is considering a change in the Pillar 2 rules as in June 2025 G7 countries issued a statement setting out the principles for a side-by-side safe harbor, adding that they would pursue parallel workstreams to simplify the pillar 2 compliance framework and consider the favorable treatment of substance-based nonrefundable tax credits under the GLOBE rules. We are exposed to a number of different tax uncertainties, which could have an impact on our results. We are required to pay taxes in multiple jurisdictions. We determine the taxes we are required to pay based on our interpretation of the applicable tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We may be subject to unfavorable changes in the respective tax laws and regulations to which we are subject. Tax controls, audits, changes in controls and changes in tax laws or regulations or the interpretation given to them may expose us to negative tax consequences, including interest payments and potentially penalties. We have issued transfer-pricing directives in the areas of goods, services and financing, which are in accordance with OECD guidelines. As transfer pricing has a cross-border effect, the focus of local tax authorities on implemented transfer pricing procedures in a country may have an impact on results in another country. Transfer pricing uncertainties can also result from disputes with local tax authorities about transfer pricing of internal deliveries of goods and services or related to financing, acquisitions and divestments, the use of tax credits and permanent establishments, and tax losses carried forward. These uncertainties may have a significant impact on local tax results. We also have various tax assets resulting from acquisitions. Tax assets can also result from the generation of tax losses in certain legal entities. Tax authorities may challenge these tax assets. In addition, the value of the tax assets resulting from tax losses carried forward depends on having sufficient taxable profits in the future. 
