 – describes how the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks ● 89 (d) Principal climate-related risks and opportunities and time periods Climate Risk ● 73 Legal, regulatory and ethical standards compliance ● 78 Assessment of principal risks and uncertainties ● 74 and 89 Describes the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium and long term ● 86 (e) & (f) Impacts on business model and strategy and resilience Climate Risk ● 73 Describes the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium and long term ● 86 Strategy – impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities ● 86 to 89 (g) & (h) Targets and key performance indicators Greenhouse gas emissions – SECR and Carbon footprint – including Scope 3 ● 82 to 84 Metrics and Targets – metrics and targets used to assess and manage climate-related risks and opportunities ● 89 to 90 Strategy towards achieving a lower carbon business model ● 90 Transition Plan to Net Zero and Packaging and recycling ● 91 On behalf of the Board Jonathan Blanchard Chief Financial Officer 26 March 2026 107 108 GOVERNANCE Strategic Report 110 Directors’ Biographies 112 Directors’ Responsibilities Statement 113 Corporate Governance Report 126 Nomination Committee Report 129 Audit Committee Report 138 Remuneration Report Governance 170 Directors’ Report 172 Independent Auditors’ Report Financial Statements Shareholder Information 109 DIRECTORS’ BIOGRAPHIES Directors and Officers Committee key: Michael Roney Lord Simon Wolfson of Jonathan Blanchard Audit Committee CHAIRMAN Aspley Guise CHIEF FINANCIAL Nomination Committee CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Remuneration Committee Executive Director Executive Director Chair Key Experience Michael joined the Board as Deputy Simon has deep knowledge of all Jonathan qualified as a Chartered Chairman in February 2017 and areas of the NEXT business, Certified Accountant in 1994 and became Chairman in August 2017. together with strong leadership has over 25 years of experience at Michael brings significant and strategic expertise, having led Board level in private equity backed international leadership experience as Chief Executive since 2001. He businesses, all of which were in the to the Board; he was previously the joined the Group in 1991 and was retail/consumer sectors. Jonathan Chief Executive of Bunzl plc from appointed Retail Sales Director in has a wealth of experience 2005 until his retirement in April 1993. He became responsible for implementing rigorous financial 2016, Chief Executive of Goodyear NEXT Directory in 1995 and was and capital controls; he has also Dunlop Tires Europe BV and appointed to the Board in 1997 managed several successful private non-executive director of Johnson with additional responsibilities for equity transactions. His previous Matthey plc. Systems. Simon was appointed role was Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of the NEXT Chief Operating Officer of the Reiss Brand in 1999 before his Group, where he played a critical appointment as Chief Executive. role, not least in negotiating and implementing the transition to Total Platform. Principal External Appointments ● Non-Executive Director of None None Brown-Forman Corporation (US firm) Appointed to the Board February 2017 February 1997 July 2024 Richard Papp Jeremy Stakol Venetia Butterfield GROUP MERCHANDISE GROUP INVESTMENTS, Independent AND OPERATIONS ACQUISITIONS AND Non-Executive Director DIRECTOR THIRD PARTY BRANDS Executive Director DIRECTOR Executive Director Key Experience Richard has a wealth of operational Jeremy holds a Masters in Venetia is Managing Director of and merchandising experience. He Professional Accounting and spent Cornerstone, the largest adult joined NEXT in 1991 as a his early career in the finance division of Penguin Random House. merchandiser and worked his way department of a large media She brings experience as an through management, becoming company. Jeremy joined as accomplished business leader and Menswear Product Director in 2001. Managing Director of Lipsy which experienced marketing In 2005 he gained valuable was acquired by NEXT in 2006. In professional. She was previously experience in a similar role at more recent years Jeremy has responsible for running Viking at another retailer. Richard returned to successfully led many of the new Penguin and led the marketing NEXT in 2006 as Group investment deals and related Total operations for both HarperCollins Merchandise Director, responsible Platform opportunities (such as and Collins Educational. Venetia for NEXT’s Merchandising function, Joules, Victoria’s Secret, GAP and served on the Board of Governors Product Systems, International others). of the Southbank Centre. Franchise, and Clearance operations. On appointment to the Board, Richard took on additional responsibility for Warehousing, Logistics and Technology within the Group. ● Managing Director of Principal External Appointments None None Cornerstone, part of the Penguin Group Appointed to the Board May 2018 April 2023 April 2024 110 Annette Court Soumen Das Tom Hall Dame Tristia Strategic Report Independent Independent Independent Harrison Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director Annette is an experienced FTSE 100 Soumen has over 15 years’ board Tom spent over 25 years at Apax, Tristia was most recently Chief and FTSE 250 chair and level experience with listed the global private equity firm, Executive Officer of TalkTalk non-executive director. She has companies, most recently as Chief where he led a number of Telecom Group Limited and as such been Senior Independent Director Financial Officer of SEGRO plc from investments, principally in online has experience of running a of Sage Group plc since 2024, having 2017 to 2025. He was previously marketplaces and retailer large-scale consumer and B2B facing joined the board in 2019. Annette Managing Director and Chief businesses, and served on the company and knowledge of digital Governance was chair of WH Smith until Financial Officer of Capital & Boards of those companies and and cyber security. Tristia was February 2026 and of Admiral Counties Properties plc and an others. He has extensive experience Managing Director of TalkTalk’s Group plc until 2023. In her executive director of UBS within the working with management teams consumer business when it executive career, Annette was investment bank. Soumen is also on capital allocation and broader demerged from Carphone previously the CEO of Europe Co‑Chair of the Parker Review. business issues . Prior to Apax, Tom Warehouse, which she joined in General Insurance for Zurich worked at S.G. Warburg and 2000 and held a number of senior Financial Services from 2007 to Deutsche Bank. management and executive 2010 and the CEO of Direct Line positions. Tristia is also Chair of the Group (formerly RBS Insurance) national homelessness charity from 2001 to 2006. Crisis. Financial Statements ● Senior Independent Director of None ● Non-Executive Director of Baltic ● Trustee at Crisis Sage Group Plc Classifieds Group PLC ● Trustee at Ambitious about ● Non-Executive Director of Admiral ● Supervisory Board Director of Autism Europe Wehkamp March 2026 September 2021 July 2020 September 2018 Shareholder Information Jeni Mundy Amy Stirling Hannah Woodall-Pagan Independent Independent Company Secretary Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Jeni is a highly experienced Amy served as Chief Financial Retiring Directors technology executive who brings Officer of Hargreaves Lansdown, the strong expertise in digital, UK’s largest savings and investment Jonathan Bewes Jane Shields innovation, IT and commercial platform and the UK’s biggest retail Executive Director Senior Independent acumen to the NEXT Board. She stockbroker, from 2022 to 2025. was non-executive director and Amy has significant strategic and Non-Executive Director chair of the corporate responsibility financial experience in client facing committee at Auto Trader plc from businesses across the APPOINTED TO THE BOARD APPOINTED TO THE BOARD 2016 to 2025. In her executive telecommunications and financial October 2016 July 2013 career, Jeni held senior corporate services sectors. She has roles at Visa Inc. from 2018 to 2025 considerable transformation and RETIRING FROM THE BOARD RETIRING FROM THE BOARD and Vodafone plc from 1994 to M&A experience at both executive May 2026 May 2026 2017. and non-executive level and is a qualified chartered accountant. None None To be appointed to the Board in April 2024 April 2026 111 DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES STATEMENT Directors’ responsibilities Directors’ confirmations The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report & The directors consider that the Annual Report & Accounts, taken as a Accounts in accordance with applicable law and regulation. whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group and Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements Parent Company’s position and performance, business model and for each financial year. Under that law the directors have prepared strategy. the Group financial statements in accordance with UK-adopted International Accounting Standards and Parent Company financial Each of the current directors, whose names and functions are listed statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted on pages 110 to 111, confirm that, to the best of their knowledge: Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, ● The Group financial statements, which have been prepared in comprising FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”, and applicable accordance with UK-adopted International Accounting Standards, law). give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position Under company law, the directors must not approve the financial and profit of the Group; statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair ● The Parent Company financial statements, which have been view of the state of affairs of the Group and Parent Company and of prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Accounting the profit or loss of the Group for that period. In preparing the Standards, comprising FRS 101, give a true and fair view of the financial statements, the directors are required to: assets, liabilities, financial position and profit of the Parent Company; and ● Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; ● The Strategic Report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Group ● State whether applicable UK-adopted International Accounting and Parent Company, together with a description of the principal Standards have been followed for the Group financial statements risks and uncertainties that it faces. and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101, have been followed for the Parent Company financial statements, On behalf of the Board subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; ● Make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and ● Prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis Lord Wolfson of Aspley Guise Jonathan Blanchard unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Group and Parent Chief Executive Chief Financial Officer Company will continue in business. 26 March 2026 The directors are responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Group and Parent Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Group and Parent Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Group and Parent Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements and the Directors’ Remuneration Report comply with the Companies Act 2006. The directors are also responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the NEXT plc website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. 112 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Chairman’s introduction effect from 21 May 2026. This considered succession planning process has enabled a thorough and detailed handover between On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to introduce our Corporate Jonathan, Annette and Soumen and you can read more about the Strategic Report Governance Report for the year ended 31 January 2026. This report process that was followed on page 126. sets out our approach to effective corporate governance and In view of these changes, the Board has recommended an extension explains the key features of the Group’s governance structure. to my tenure for a period of up to 18 months to facilitate a smooth Effective corporate governance forms the bedrock of a well-managed transition for the Senior Independent Director role and ensure that organisation, and the external governance environment, departures from key Board positions are appropriately staggered. encompassing guidelines and regulations, is subject to continuous This extension will also avoid multiple Board departures occurring evolution. NEXT remains committed to prioritising actions that simultaneously and maintain continuity and stability throughout the promote the Company's success, consistently seeking to achieve this Senior Independent Director transition. through its governance framework in an appropriate manner. The Company has once again taken part in the Parker Review and Governance Stakeholder engagement the FTSE Women Leaders Review in relation to its gender and ethnic diversity. You can read more about Board diversity in the Nomination The Board used its collective expertise to exercise its judgement on Committee Report on page 128. numerous occasions during the year to ensure equitable treatment for the Group’s stakeholders. Continuing governance commitment Key engagement activities this year have included engagement with Our governance framework, described on page 117, is designed to shareholders in relation to our established approach to wage-setting be straightforward, without bureaucracy, to support the delivery of principles and practices, which you can read about further on pages our business objectives. We believe that good governance provides Financial Statements 121 to 125. Engagement has also focused on the Company’s the framework for stronger long-term value creation for all our proposed Remuneration Policy and Environmental, Social and stakeholders. We apply corporate governance in a way that is Governance (ESG) matters. relevant and meaningful to our business and consistent with our Further details on how we have engaged with our stakeholders can culture and values. be found on pages 101 to 105. This is our first Annual Report reporting against the UK Corporate Governance Code 2024 (Code). Provision 29 of the Code will apply to Board effectiveness the Group in the next financial year and the Audit Committee and Our annual Board performance review provides the Board, its Board has spent time overseeing the programme of work underway Shareholder Information Committees and individual directors, with an opportunity to to identify, formalise and assess the effectiveness of the Company's consider and reflect on the quality and effectiveness of its decision material internal controls. You can read more about this in the Audit making and performance. This year's internal performance review, Committee report on page 133. conducted by the Chairman with support from the Company ESG remains a key area of focus for stakeholders who want to work Secretary, concluded that the Board continues to operate effectively. for, shop with or invest in companies who do business responsibly. Further details are available on pages 119 to 120. We are committed to reducing our environmental impact, improving lives across our value chain and growing our business in a way that is Board appointments and diversity sustainable over the long term. Our ESG metrics and targets have The collective experience of the directors and the diverse skills and been reviewed and updated during the year to reflect that experience they possess enable the Board to reach decisions in a commitment. You can read more in our Group Corporate focused and balanced way, supported by independent thought and Responsibility Report at nextplc.co.uk/corporate-responsibility; in constructive debate, to ensure the continued long-term success of this report on pages 81 to 100; our Corporate Governance Code the Company. Effective succession and contingency planning has statement of compliance and supporting disclosures on pages 114 to enabled the smooth transition of Board appointments during the 120. year. Jane Shields will step down from the Board with effect from 21 May 2026, leaving the Company later in the year to ensure an orderly transition of her responsibilities. She is retiring from the Company after 40 years of outstanding service, joining NEXT as a Sales Michael Roney Assistant in 1985, progressing through the business to be appointed Chairman to the Board in 2013. 26 March 2026 During the year, the Board also commenced the process to recruit additional independent non-executive directors, ahead of Jonathan Bewes’ planned retirement from the Board, having served just over nine years. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Jonathan for his significant contribution to the Company during his tenure. In January, we announced that Annette Court and Jeni Mundy would join the Board as independent non-executive directors with effect from 1 March and 1 April 2026 respectively. In addition, Annette Court will take on the role of Senior Independent Director and Soumen Das will take on the role of Audit Committee Chairman with 113 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT ● Assessed potential acquisitions and investment opportunities, Corporate Governance Statement having regard to strict financial criteria. The statement below, together with the rest of the Corporate ● Oversaw and monitored the ongoing implementation of the Governance Report, provides information on how NEXT has applied Group’s finance system modernisation project, in conjunction the principles in the UK Corporate Governance Code 2024, which is with the Audit Committee. the version of the Code that applies to the 2025/26 financial year. ● Agreed the assessment period for the Statement of Viability at For the year ended 31 January 2026, the Board considers that it has the recommendation of the Audit Committee – see page 132. complied in full with the Provisions of the Code (available at ● Received regular updates on the Group’s resilience to cyber www.frc.org.uk). security threats and the effectiveness of the Group's cyber Given the external interest in pension alignment as recommended security controls and incident response capabilities. by Provision 38 of the Code, the Board notes that the majority of ● Approved the terms of the £3bn European Medium Term Note executive directors at NEXT have very long service at the Company. Programme and the issue of a bond by NEXT Group plc, Whilst the pension provision offered to new joiners has changed irrevocably guaranteed by NEXT plc, as part of the Company’s over time (which is consistent with wider market practice), the Board refinancing. considers it more relevant to consider the alignment of the pension ● Reviewed Board succession plans and approved appointments to contribution rates of the executives in the context of members of the the Board following recommendation by the Nomination workforce recruited at the same time. Each executive director is Committee, including the appointment of Annette Court and Jeni provided with pension contributions no more generous than those Mundy. The Board has also recommended an extension to provided to colleagues recruited at the same time. Full details of the Chairman’s tenure for a period of up to 18 months to facilitate an pension arrangements of the executive directors are given on page effective transition for the Senior Independent Director role and 159 of the Directors’ Remuneration Report. ensure that departures from key Board positions are Disclosures required by the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency appropriately staggered. More about these changes can be read Rules (DTR) 7.2.6 with regard to share capital are presented in the on page 116 and pages 126 to 127. Directors’ Report on page 170. Disclosures required by DTR 7.2.8A ● Approved key operational matters, including an extension to the relating to diversity policy are presented in the Nomination service contract with Evri and capital expenditure to provide Committee Report on page 127. additional capacity at our Elmsall warehouse. Directors’ biographies and membership of Board Committees are set At its heart, the purpose of the Company is to source and trade out on pages 110 to 111. excellent quality clothing, homeware and beauty products in order to make a profit for its shareholders. We aim to do this in a Board leadership and responsible way and to do the right thing by our employees, our company purpose customers, our suppliers and our wider stakeholders. Our Corporate Responsibility Report on pages 81 to 100 sets out the way in which The Board’s role is to promote the long-term sustainable success of we fulfilled our responsibilities this year. the Company. It does this through: ● Discussions with the senior management team on industry Culture trends. The directors are responsible for ensuring a healthy and supportive culture within the Group. We monitor this through direct employee ● Evaluating business development proposals and considering how engagement activities (see pages 101 to 102) and discussions with these will support and strengthen components of the business the executive directors, the HR Director and other members of model. management. A summary of engagement activity undertaken during ● A policy of continuous identification and review of principal the year, to ensure that the Company’s culture aligns with its business risks, including identifying key and emerging risks, purpose, value and strategy, is set out below: changes in the external risk environment, determining control strategies and considering how risks may affect the achievement ● Engaging directly with employees during site visits. During the of business objectives, taking into account risk appetite, as year, the Board held a meeting at our new Thurrock store, detailed on pages 70 to 78. providing directors and colleagues an opportunity to engage directly with staff and customers and listen to their views. ● Our annual viability assessment which is undertaken by reference to the business model, strategy and the principal risks and ● Dedicated time at Board meetings, supported by our HR Director, mitigating factors as well as the current financial position and to hold discussions on culture and employee/workforce matters. historical financial performance and forecasts – see pages 79 to ● Reviewing the results and actions of the Group’s employee 80. engagement surveys. In particular, during 2025/26 the Board: ● Monitoring the levels and nature of whistleblowing reports and grievance and disciplinary hearings. ● Provided oversight to the share buyback programme and approved the terms of the irrevocable, non-discretionary ● Monitoring absenteeism and employee retention. programme to purchase shares for cancellation. This activity ● Reporting by Internal Audit on fraud and compliance monitoring aligns with our rigorous financial discipline which includes the to the Audit Committee. return of surplus cash to shareholders. ● Overseeing management’s plans to respond to matters raised by ● Approved the Circular recommending to shareholders the the workforce. proposed return of capital of £421m by way of a B Share Scheme. ● Reviewing the Group’s key policies and HR initiatives. 114 The Company’s chosen workforce engagement mechanism, Business security controls, which are overseen by that Committee and Review Meetings, provide an opportunity for employees to meet reported to the Board. with the Board, helping them to stay connected to the direction of Strategic Report the Company and be involved in business decisions. You can read Engagement with shareholders more on page 102. Significant time and effort are invested in providing detailed and transparent information to shareholders and maintaining regular and Our values are set out in the Corporate Responsibility Report on effective dialogue. Rather than delegation to an investor relations page 81 and the Non-Financial Information and Sustainability team, Lord Wolfson and Jonathan Blanchard, as Chief Executive and Statement summarises the Company’s supporting policies on pages Chief Financial Officer respectively, engage directly with investors 106 to 107. Our Whistleblowing Policy encourages workers to report regularly throughout the year. Full year and other public concerns or suspicions about any wrongdoing or malpractice, and announcements are presented in a consistent format and are made provides a number of ways to do this, including via the confidential as meaningful, understandable, transparent and comparable as NEXT Integrity line (managed by Crimestoppers). Read more about possible. This information is also made publicly available on the Governance the Company’s whistleblowing procedures and the Audit Company’s corporate website nextplc.co.uk. Committee’s oversight on page 134. Our Section 172 Statement on page 101 details how the views of The Group’s culture is reinforced by our Board setting the right tone shareholders, and broader stakeholders, have been taken into from the top and conducting themselves appropriately and in line account during the year. with the Group’s values. Since our last Annual Report and AGM, we have maintained our We have spoken previously in our annual reports about the NEXT dialogue with shareholders and other stakeholders on our approach culture, and what behaviours we expect from everyone that works to pay setting to understand their views. Following those for us - including, ‘Taking decisions and making things happen’. Our Financial Statements discussions, we concluded that NEXT could usefully enhance its colleagues do not need permission to take decisions; taking sensible disclosure of wage setting principles and practices. We have included decisions is a requirement of their job and this principle forms a key a new section in this year’s Annual Report on pages 121 to 125 and part of our culture. we hope the additional information is useful. Our aim is to delegate responsibilities as far down the organisation as possible, within clearly defined guardrails and frameworks that Remuneration Policy are set centrally. For example, decisions are taken by operational In November 2025, we wrote to our largest shareholders, at the time directors who know their area of the business, their people and the representing around 50% of our issued share capital, and proxy multiple factors that need to be considered to ensure we can attract agencies, in relation to proposed changes to our Remuneration Shareholder Information and retain the calibre of people we need to run the business Policy. We have engaged extensively with our stakeholders on the effectively. Policy and have incorporated their feedback into the final proposed Policy, which will be tabled for shareholder approval at our May This approach to decision-making and accountability directly shapes 2026 AGM. Further detail can be found on page 142. how we think about pay and progression. Read more on page 121. Engagement with other stakeholders Information on the Company’s approach to investing in and rewarding its workforce is set out in the Strategic Report on pages 92 With regard to engagement with the workforce, the Board uses to 93. various methods including attendance by non-executive directors at our workforce Business Review Meetings and spending time with Resources, policies and practices employees at site visits throughout the year. The Board considers The Board plays a crucial role in ensuring the Company's objectives that taken together, these arrangements deliver an effective means are met by allocating necessary resources and monitoring of ensuring the Board stays alert to the views of the workforce. The performance. This includes setting and approving the Company's views of other providers of capital and key stakeholders are also budget and capital allocation, as well as overseeing debt capital considered. Our Section 172 Statement on pages 101 to 105 facilities and credit ratings. Furthermore, the Board reviews provides more details on how the Board considers the views of these management reports on key personnel development gaps and various stakeholders in its decision making. proposed solutions - which was a key area of focus during the year in light of Jane Shields’ planned retirement from the Board. A summary of the key policies in place relating to non-financial and sustainability information can be found on pages 106 to 107. Risk management and internal controls The Board maintains a balanced approach to risk within a framework of effective controls and takes into account the interests of a diverse range of stakeholders. It is responsible for keeping the effectiveness of the systems of risk management and internal controls under review – see page 120. The Board retains primary accountability for the strategic risks and opportunities associated with technology and artificial intelligence, including our major technology and automation investments. This is distinct from the Audit Committee’s specific assurance over cyber 115 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT ● His deep knowledge of the Group, which will support the smooth Division of responsibilities and orderly transition of the Senior Independent Director Chairman and Chief Executive appointment made during the year; There is a clear division of responsibilities between the Chairman ● His clear independence demonstrated in terms of how he and Chief Executive which is set out in writing and agreed by the conducts himself at meetings with management and his Board. The Chairman manages the Board to ensure that: interactions with stakeholders; ● The Group has appropriate objectives and an effective strategy. ● His arm’s-length approach to dealing with executive directors and continued challenge of management where appropriate; ● There is a high calibre Chief Executive with a team of executive directors able to implement the strategy. ● The fact that none of Michael’s external directorship ● There are procedures in place to inform the Board of appointments conflict or potentially conflict with those of the performance against objectives. Company; and ● The Group is operating in accordance with a high standard of ● The broader composition of the Board, including the fact that no corporate governance. other non-executive Director will have a tenure in excess of nine years after the conclusion of the Company’s 2026 AGM. The Chief Executive reports all material matters affecting the Group and its performance at each Board meeting. Directors’ conflicts of interest The Chairman sets the Board’s agenda and is also responsible for In accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association, the Board promoting a culture of openness, challenge and scrutiny, and has a formal process in place for situational conflicts to be ensuring constructive relations between executive and authorised by non-conflicted directors. In deciding whether to non-executive directors. authorise a situational conflict, the non-conflicted directors take into account their general duties under the Companies Act 2006. Limits Independence of non-executive directors or conditions can be imposed when giving an authorisation or Over half of the directors at our financial year end, excluding the subsequently if considered appropriate. Any situational conflicts Chairman, are independent non-executive directors. The Board considered by the Board, and any authorisations given, are recorded considers that all of its non-executive directors are independent in the Board minutes and in a register of conflicts which is reviewed when assessed against the requirements of the Code. Additionally, annually by the Board. their knowledge, diversity of experience and other business interests continue to enable them to contribute significantly to the work of Senior Independent Director (SID) the Board. Michael Roney, the Chairman, met the independence As announced on 9 January 2026, Annette Court will take over the requirements set out in the Code on his appointment in 2017. role of Senior Independent Director from Jonathan Bewes with effect from our 2026 AGM, on 21 May 2026. In this role, Annette is Whilst we see long service on the Board as a positive characteristic, available to provide a sounding board for the Chairman and to serve the Board is mindful that the Code indicates that non-executive as an intermediary for the other directors and shareholders. She will directors should not serve for more than nine years. also meet with each of the directors to appraise the Chairman’s Michael Roney reached his ninth anniversary on the Board in performance. February 2026. As outlined on page 113, the Board has recommended an extension to the Chairman’s tenure for a period of up to 18 months to facilitate a smooth transition for the Senior Independent Director role and ensure that departures from key Board positions are appropriately staggered. In line with the requirements of the Code, the Nomination Committee and Board have undertaken a review in relation to the independence and commitment of Michael and the Board is satisfied that he continues to act with the utmost independence and considers that his appointment remains in the long-term best interests of stakeholders, particularly shareholders, customers and employees. Michael’s length of service, independence and potential for conflicts of interest were also considered as part of the internally facilitated Board effectiveness review conducted this year, further details of which are set out on pages 119 to 120. The Board is satisfied that the Chairman continues to demonstrate independent character, judgement and objectivity and continual monitoring of his independence and performance will be undertaken over his remaining tenure. The Board, taking into account the provisions set out in the Code, considered that Michael Roney remained independent notwithstanding the fact he would be serving for a period of more than nine years and concluded that there were no relationships or circumstances likely to impair his judgement. This was based on a number of factors, including: ● Michael’s strong record in making objective decisions and holding management to account, and remaining willing and able to do so; 116 Governance framework The structure of the Board and its governance framework is set out below. The Board believes that it facilitates the operation of an open and Strategic Report straightforward culture without complex hierarchies and over-delegation of responsibilities, allowing the Company to deliver its objectives effectively. Board Nomination Committee – see Committee report on pages 126 to 128 Provides effective leadership by ● Keeps under review the composition, size, structure and diversity of the Board and its setting business strategy and Committees. overseeing delivery in a way that ● Evaluates the balance of skills, experience and diversity of the Board. delivers long-term growth for the ● Provides succession planning for the Board and senior management, including contingency benefit of NEXT’s shareholders. The planning. Governance Board maintains a schedule of matters reserved for its ● Leads the process for new Board appointments, ahead of making recommendations to the decision-making, which is available Board. on the corporate website nextplc.co.uk. Audit Committee – see Committee report on pages 129 to 136 Committee Terms of Reference are ● Reviews and monitors the integrity of the Group’s financial and narrative statements. agreed by the Board and regularly reviewed. These are also available ● Reviews and monitors the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management framework Financial Statements on the corporate website. and the systems of internal controls (including whistleblowing and anti-fraud procedures). ● Reviews and monitors the effectiveness and independence of the external and internal The Chairman, Chief Executive and auditors. SID’s role descriptions are summarised on the preceding page . Remuneration Committee – see Committee report on pages 138 to 169 ● Determines the Remuneration Policy for all executive directors and the Chairman, including pension rights and any compensation payments. Shareholder Information ● Recommends and monitors the level and structure of remuneration for senior management. ● Reviews the ongoing appropriateness and relevance of the Remuneration Policy when setting remuneration. Chief Executive Other Governance Steering Groups Responsible for the day-to-day The below steering groups, comprising representatives from executive/senior operational running of the Group’s business and management, held meetings during the year to review and monitor specific risks, activities and performance, and the development incidents: and implementation of business ● Risk Steering Group - risk identification and risk management activities. strategy. ● Treasury - Group’s treasury policy, treasury operations and funding activities. ● Consumer Credit Risk Committee - Consumer Credit risk and monitoring. ● Information Security and Data Protection - Group’s information security and cyber-related activities. ● Health and Safety - Group’s health and safety activities. ● ESG Steering Group - ESG risk monitoring and setting of ESG priorities. ● Material Controls Committee - Group’s material financial, operational, reporting controls. Executive/operational management The Chief Executive has delegated authority for the day-to-day management of the business to operational management comprising other executive directors and senior management who have responsibility for their respective areas. This includes important weekly NEXT Brand trading and capital expenditure meetings, which consider the performance and development of the NEXT Brand through its different distribution channels. This and other meetings also focus on risk management of business areas in respect of the NEXT Brand, including product, sales, customer experience, property and stores, warehousing, systems and personnel. 117 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Review of directors’ performance ● Monitoring implementation of its policies by the Chief Executive. As Senior Independent Director, Jonathan Bewes led the appraisal of ● Approving the Group budget and regular review of performance Michael Roney’s performance as Chairman in the year through against budget. Forecasts for each half year are revised and individual discussions with the other directors. Michael Roney reviewed monthly. appraised the performance of Lord Wolfson as Chief Executive. Certain other matters are reported weekly or monthly including The performance of the executive directors is monitored throughout sales, treasury operations and capital expenditure programmes. the year by the Chief Executive and the Chairman. The Chairman also Board and Committee attendance monitors the performance of the non-executive directors. The table below shows the attendance at scheduled Board and Appropriate feedback is provided where necessary. For more Committee meetings during the year to 31 January 2026. All information on the Board performance review, please see pages 119 independent non-executive directors are members of the to 120. Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees. This allows the At each Board meeting the Board receives reports from the Chief non-executive directors to deepen their understanding of the NEXT Executive on the performance of the business. This includes scrutiny business, control and risk environment and enhance their of performance against clear financial objectives. contribution to the Board and its Committees. The appointments of Annette Court and Jeni Mundy to the Board are effective from 1 Matters reserved for the Board March and 1 April 2026 respectively and therefore they did not There is a formal schedule of matters reserved for the Board. These attend any of the meetings during the year. include investments, significant items of capital expenditure, share buybacks, dividend and treasury policies. The Board is satisfied that each of the directors is able to allocate sufficient time to the Company to discharge their responsibilities The Board is also responsible for: effectively. Letters of appointment for each director are made ● The long-term success of the Company, setting and executing the available at the AGM, and are available for inspection at the business strategy and overseeing its delivery. Company’s registered office during normal business hours or on ● Providing effective leadership. request. ● Setting and monitoring the Group’s risk appetite and the system of risk management and internal control. Directors Role Board Nomination Audit Remuneration Number of meetings held in the year 8 3 6 8 Lord Wolfson Chief Executive 8/8 - - - Jonathan Blanchard1 Chief Financial Officer 8/8 - - - Richard Papp Group Operations & Merchandising Director 8/8 - - - Jane Shields Group Sales, Marketing & HR Director 8/8 - - - Jeremy Stakol2 Group Investments & Acquisitions Director 7/8 - - - Michael Roney1 Chairman 8/8 3/3 - 8/8 Jonathan Bewes Senior Independent Director 8/8 3/3 6/6 8/8 Venetia Butterfield Independent non-executive director 8/8 3/3 6/6 8/8 Soumen Das Independent non-executive director 8/8 3/3 6/6 8/8 Tom Hall Independent non-executive director 8/8 3/3 6/6 8/8 Dame Tristia Harrison Independent non-executive director 8/8 3/3 6/6 8/8 Amy Stirling Independent non-executive director 8/8 3/3 6/6 8/8 1. Michael Roney and Jonathan Blanchard are not members of the Audit Committee, however they attend Audit Committee meetings during the year by invitation. 2. Jeremy Stakol did not attend the March 2025 Board meeting due to a family bereavement. Board Committees External appointments during the year As detailed in the diagram on page 117, the Board has appointed There were no new external appointments during the year. Committees to carry out certain aspects of its duties. Each is chaired However, due consideration was given to any potential conflicts of by a different independent non-executive director, and in the case of interest and directors’ ability to devote sufficient time to the the Nomination Committee, by the Group Chairman, who was Company. The Conflicts of Interest Policy continues to be applied independent on appointment. Each Committee Chairman reports practically throughout the year, including consideration of potential regularly to the Board on how that Committee has discharged its conflicts presented by directors having roles on the boards of other responsibilities. companies. In each case, the Board determined that there was no impact on the time commitment required for each director, nor on the independence and objectivity required to discharge the agreed responsibilities of each role. 118 Information and support ● Attendance at key operational meetings. There is a regular flow of information between all directors. The ● Meetings with operational directors and senior managers, giving Strategic Report Company Secretary attended all Board meetings; advising the Board an overview of all aspects of the business. on corporate governance matters and facilitating the flow of ● Meetings with the Chairman, Committee Chairmen and the information within the Board. external audit partner. The Company has an open culture; its non-executive directors meet ● A briefing from the Company Secretary, the Group’s corporate on a formal and informal basis with a broad range of NEXT broker and external lawyers on the duties of a public company management and have unrestricted access to the business and its director. employees. ● Access to past Board, Committee and other key governance If directors decide it is necessary to seek independent advice about papers. the performance of their duties with the Company, they are entitled Personalised inductions for Annette Court and Jeni Mundy, Governance to do so at the Company’s expense. Details of professional assistance incorporating the above have been developed and commenced in relation to Remuneration Policy matters are shown on page 169. during the year. Composition, succession and Individual training and development needs are reviewed as part of the annual Board performance review process and training is evaluation provided where appropriate, requested or a need is identified. All directors receive frequent updates on a variety of issues relevant to Board composition the Group’s business, including legal, regulatory and governance At the financial year end the Board comprised six independent developments, with visits to stores and warehouse operations non-executive directors (including the Senior Independent Director), Financial Statements organised periodically to support directors’ understanding of the the Chairman and five executive directors who all bring considerable operational aspects of the business. knowledge, skills and experience to the Group. Following the planned changes set out on page 113, the Board will comprise seven Board performance review independent non-executive directors, the Chairman and four Every year there is a review of the performance, composition and executive directors at the end of 2026 AGM. The Board is continually effectiveness of the Board, its Committees, the Chairman and assessed and periodically refreshed to ensure it maintains an individual directors. As outlined in last year’s report, the 2024/25 appropriate balance of skills and experience. external Board review identified opportunities to develop the Board’s effectiveness further. Opportunities included the need to Director appointments and the Nomination Shareholder Information focus on conducting regular reviews of M&A activities, succession Committee planning and in-depth review of the global risk landscape. These We have seen a number of planned changes to the Board this year, themes were reviewed by the Board throughout the year and used which are explained in further detail in the Chairman’s introduction to inform the 2025/26 performance review. The Board’s continued on page 113. focus on succession planning, following last year’s performance The Nomination Committee Report on pages 126 to 127 contains review, underpinned the effective execution of the various Board information on the procedure for the appointment of new directors changes announced during the year. to the Board, succession planning for Board and senior management This year’s performance review was internal and facilitated by the positions and information on the Company’s diversity position and Chairman with support from the Company Secretary. Following a approach. briefing provided by the Chairman and Company Secretary, each of the directors completed a questionnaire designed to elicit their Re-election and election of directors views on all aspects of the effectiveness of the Board, its members Under the Company’s Articles of Association, directors are required and its Committees. The questions covered the following five main to stand for re-election at least once every three years. However, in areas: accordance with the Code, all the directors will retire at this year’s AGM and, with the exception of Jonathan Bewes and Jane Shields, ● Leadership, composition and culture; all directors will submit themselves for reappointment or, in the case ● Meeting dynamics and information flows; of Annette Court and Jeni Mundy, for appointment by shareholders. ● Succession planning; Each of the non-executive directors seeking appointment or ● Company purpose and resources; and reappointment are considered to be independent in judgement and character. ● The Board skills matrix. The specific reasons why the Board considers that each director’s The review concluded that the Board has continued to operate contribution is, and continues to be, important to the Company’s effectively, offering a good balance of support and constructive long-term sustainable success are set out in the directors’ challenge. Areas identified as possible opportunities to develop the biographies on pages 110 to 111. Board’s effectiveness included further enhancing the detailed risk discussions considered by the Audit Committee, with subsequent Board induction and development consideration at main Board level, and building on the effective On joining the Board, new members receive a personalised workforce discussions that take place at the Board, complemented induction, tailored to their experience, background and by in-person sessions, such as the Board visit to the new Thurrock understanding of the Group’s operations and environment. The store during the year. induction programme includes: In addition, the Chairman’s performance was considered by the SID ● Visits to warehouses and stores. with input from the non-executive directors and discussed following 119 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT the November 2025 and January 2026 Board meetings without the reviewed the principal risks (described on pages 74 to 78) and the Chairman present. The discussion concluded that the Chairman associated financial, operational and compliance controls and continued to devote sufficient time to his role and continued to lead mitigating factors. The Audit Committee discusses these risks with the Board constructively, demonstrating objective judgement and the relevant directors and senior management. fostering a culture of openness and debate. The Board considers that the Group’s management structure and Audit, risk and internal control continuous monitoring of key performance indicators can promptly identify any material areas of concern. Business continuity plans and Audit Committee and independent auditor procedure manuals are maintained in respect of specific risk areas For further information on the Company’s compliance with the Code and business processes. The management of business risk is an provisions relating to the Audit Committee and auditors, please refer integral part of Group policy and the Board will continue to develop to the Audit Committee Report on pages 129 to 136. The risk management and internal controls where necessary. independent auditors’ responsibilities are set out on pages 177 to The use of prescribed accounting and reporting procedures for 178 and the Board’s statement as to the Annual Report and Accounts finance teams throughout the Group ensures that the Group’s being fair, balanced and understandable can be found on page 112. accounting policies are clearly established and consistently applied. During the year, following the conclusion of the tender process led Information is appropriately reviewed and reconciled as part of the by the Audit Committee, we announced the appointment of KPMG reporting process and the use of a standard reporting software as the Company’s external auditor from the 2027/28 financial year. package by all entities in the Group ensures that information is Further details on the tender process and decision are provided on presented consistently to facilitate the production of the pages 135 to 136. consolidated financial statements. Going concern and viability assessment During the year, the Audit Committee has monitored progress of the The Group’s business activities, together with the factors likely to work to formalise and document the Company’s material controls as affect its future development, performance and position are set out part of the preparation for assessment of the effectiveness of in the Strategic Report, which also describes the Group’s financial material controls in line with Provision 29 of the Code. The Audit position, cash flows and borrowing facilities. Further information on Committee provided regular updates to the Board on its monitoring, these areas is detailed in the financial statements. Information on ahead of the Board’s assessment in the next financial year. Further the Group’s financial management objectives and how derivative detail can be found on page 133. instruments are used to hedge its capital, credit and liquidity risks is provided in Note 30 of the financial statements. Remuneration The directors report that, having reviewed current performance and The Company’s remuneration policies and practices are designed to forecasts, they have a reasonable expectation that the Group has support strategy and promote long-term sustainable success. They adequate resources to continue its operations for a period of at least are aligned to the Company’s purpose and values and linked to the 12 months from the approval of the financial statements. For this successful delivery of the Company’s long-term strategy. You can reason, they have continued to adopt the going concern basis in read about the work of the Remuneration Committee and proposed preparing the financial statements. The directors have also assessed changes to our Remuneration Policy, which will be tabled for the prospects of the Company over a three year period. Further shareholder approval at our May 2026 AGM, in the Remuneration details of the viability assessment are provided on pages 79 to 80. Report on pages 138 to 169. The Remuneration Report also contains information on the Risk management and internal control Company’s compliance with the Code provisions relating to The Board is responsible for the Group’s risk management process remuneration. and delegates responsibility for its implementation to the Chief Executive and senior management best qualified in each area of the business. The Board sets guidance on the general level of risk which is acceptable and has a considered approach to evaluating risk and reward and promoting a risk aware culture throughout the business. Risk management and internal control is a continuous process and has been considered by the Board on a regular basis throughout the year (see the description of the Group’s risk management and internal control framework on page 70 for more information). This includes identifying and evaluating principal and emerging risks, determining control strategies and considering how they may impact on the achievement of business objectives. The Board has carried out a robust assessment of the principal and emerging risks facing the Company and has also conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the systems of internal control during the year – see page 72 in the Strategic Report for further information. The Board promotes the development of a strong control culture within the business. The Audit Committee regularly reviews strategic and operational risks and the Audit Committee and Board have 120 Pay, progression and promotion Following discussions with shareholders at our 2025 AGM, we have decided to set out in more detail how NEXT approaches pay decisions Strategic Report across the Group. We believe this is a useful addition to our regular disclosures. This section focuses on three aspects of pay: ● Pay levels - the level at which individual jobs are advertised externally and what you would expect a competent and experienced employee to be paid. ● Pay Progression - how pay rises are determined for individuals as their competence and experience develops within a given role. ● Promotion - how we decide who should be promoted to internal vacancies and new roles. Context NEXT relies on the development and retention of its own talent; the vast majority of promotions, at every level, come from within. So getting Governance pay, progression and promotion right is central to our ongoing success. For example: between our 28 Operational and Main Board directors, the Company has just almost 600 years of experience in the Group. Guiding principles We set pay using the same principles that guide our decisions more generally. As we have explained on page 115, at the heart of NEXT’s culture is the expectation that colleagues take decisions and make things happen. People do not need permission to make decisions; taking sensible decisions is a requirement of their job. And for decisions to be made effectively they must be delegated as far down the organisation as possible - to those with the best information Financial Statements and closest to the consequences of their decisions. These decisions are taken within clearly defined guardrails and frameworks that are set centrally. The key financial guardrail is that decisions must be aligned to our core financial objective of maximising the sustainable growth of earnings per share. For example, decisions about pay rates are generally initiated by our operational directors, who know their area of the business, their people and the multiple factors that need to be considered to ensure we can attract and retain the calibre of people we need to run the business effectively. Pay levels Shareholder Information A process of price discovery The central question is: what do we need to pay to ensure that we attract, retain and motivate the calibre of people we need to run the business effectively. And, of course, it is not just about pay - the working environment, benefits and facilities, opportunities for fulfilment, prospects for promotion and culture all play their part. So pay levels are determined through a process of price discovery. Different roles within our organisation vary in terms of both their attractiveness to potential employees, the availability of the right people and the value they bring to the business. Our operational directors and their senior teams are best placed to read the relevant labour markets and to determine the value of individual roles to the organisation. So for most jobs within the Group, pay levels are set on the advice of the relevant operational director who develop their area’s pay “grids” (see below) in conjunction with our HR team to ensure legal compliance and consistency across the Group. So, NEXT does not determine pay rates through top-down Committee decisions nor a central HR function. The Remuneration Committee, with support from the HR department, maintains oversight of the overall wage determination by reviewing and approving Company-wide pay rate changes for our main employee categories, including our annual cost of living awards. An inherent tension There is a natural tension in determining wages. Increasing pay levels enhances our attractiveness as an employer but if wages are set too high they undermine our competitiveness - forcing us to raise prices or reduce profitability. Increased prices will make us less attractive to consumers. The alternative to price increases, lowering profitability, would jeopardise the viability of individual stores, diminish our ability to invest in the business, and undermine our central mission to deliver sustainable growth in EPS. The test as to whether we have got the balance right will be twofold: on the one hand, the performance, retention and engagement of our teams, and on the other hand, the competitiveness of our products and the profitability of the Group. Looking at the information we have about the performance of the business alongside our internal measures of retention and engagement, we believe that we have got the balance broadly right. Entry level wages Entry level wages in our stores, and some other parts of the business, are currently at the National Living Wage and National Minimum Wage. We believe that the statutory wage level is now materially higher than would be required by market forces, with applications per vacancy in stores at an all time high and high retention rates. Decisions about minimum wage levels based on needs rather than market forces are properly made by the Government not individual businesses, because only the Government can ensure a level playing field across all employers. 121 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Benefits beyond base pay All NEXT employees also benefit from access to a generous staff discount, a Sharesave scheme and wellbeing support. In addition, depending on individual role and location, employees can benefit from bonus schemes, car schemes, health insurance, on-site nursery, on-site GP, and management share options. Competitive pay, pay progression within the role, development opportunities and the chance to progress through the organisation are at the heart of what NEXT aims to offer its employees. Equity incentives and participation NEXT has two ways in which it promotes share ownership amongst employees. We have a Sharesave1 scheme which is open to all NEXT UK based employees and share options which are available to over 2,000 more senior colleagues. Our Sharesave scheme allows employees to commit to saving a fixed amount each month for three or five years. At the end of the scheme, participants can choose to convert their savings into shares at a price which is up to 20% lower than the price of the shares at the beginning of the scheme. So, if over a period of five years the share price rises by 60%, employees will receive shares worth twice the amount they have saved. If shares go down in price, participants can elect to withdraw their savings as cash with accrued interest if they have been saving for more than 12 months. The table below sets out the level of participation in our Sharesave scheme across the business divisions. Business Area Number of participants Sharesave Participation (%) Retail Stores 4,271 17% Warehousing 3,820 41% Call Centres 607 58% Head Office 4,101 73% TOTAL 12,799 32% Details of broader financial support available for employees, can be found on page 92. Pay progression and the use of pay grids Each career path of the business – buying, merchandise, software development, store management etc. – has well established pay grids. The aim of the grids is to provide a fair and consistent system within which to discuss and manage pay progression within a given role. An example of such a grid is given below. In this example grid we have indexed all the numbers to 100 at the Competent & Experienced level of Principal. A Principal would be at the level of Buyer, Merchandiser and Designer. The table gives a sense of the salary stretch from new starter to exemplary performance within a role, and the salary gradient as people move up the hierarchy. Competent & New & Developing Competent Senior Exemplary Experienced Senior Manager 150 165 180 200 225 Principal 75 86 100 120 140 Assistant 50 55 60 66 71 Trainee 46 n/a n/a n/a n/a The percentage increases between levels of competency, and different job roles within a given hierarchy, vary for each area of the business. As a general rule the faster an employee is likely to move along or up the grid (i.e. through improving competency or promotion to a higher level) the lower the percentage increase is likely to be. This means that the percentage increases higher up the grid are greater, because they happen less frequently. Pay increases with a given job role2 must be justified by a change in competency. Competency is assessed against carefully defined criteria, so conversations about pay increases are about competency not money. The aim is to create a direct connection between performance and reward, ensuring competitive pay for genuine expertise. This is well understood throughout NEXT, and is reflected in our excellent levels of retention and tenure (see data on page 125). 1 Sharesave is only available to employees of NEXT plc and its wholly-owned UK companies. 2 Over and above the Company’s annual cost of living award. 122 Promotion Management level3 vacancies are, more often than not, filled from within, this effect becoming more pronounced the more senior the Strategic Report vacancy becomes. For example 19 of our 23 operational directors were promoted internally and, in Retail Stores, 94% of Store Managers have previously worked for NEXT. As a general rule vacancies are advertised internally, and externally where it is considered desirable. However, where there is an outstanding candidate or the field of potential candidates is well known, we may appoint directly rather than run a process that would disappoint otherwise strong internal candidates. Good sense is the watchword here, and ultimately it is the manager responsible for filling the vacancy, and their immediate superior, who will take the decision as to whether to advertise or not. Our HR team monitors vacancies and constructively challenges these decisions where appropriate. Workforce data Governance The following tables give further insight into the composition of our workforce. Part-time working The table below sets out the number of part-time workers by business area. As can be seen the vast majority of our part-time workforce is employed in our Retail Stores. Full-time Full-time Part-time Part-time Average Weekly Business Area FTE 1 Heads % Heads % Contract Hours Financial Statements Retail Stores 10,754 2,550 9% 25,439 91% 14.6 Warehousing 8,833 7,314 78% 2,010 22% 36 Call Centres 854 760 74% 270 26% 31.5 Head Office 4,845 4,851 93% 365 7% 35.3 Total NEXT 15,475 36% 28,084 64% 1. FTE is calculated using a blended Group full-time contract value of 38 hours. Shareholder Information Retail part-time working The nature of retail trading patterns, with their natural peaks and troughs, means that it is most effective to staff our stores with part-time workers. At present, there is considerably more demand for our part-time hours than we have available and we have significantly more applications for jobs than vacancies. Unique applications per Retail team member vacancy average above 18 and currently two times higher than two years ago. We believe the popularity of part-time work is because it offers earnings to people for whom full-time employment is not practical. Such people include those with caring commitments for children and others, those in full-time education, those seeking to get back into the workplace and those winding down work commitments as they transition to retirement. Agency workers NEXT does not make significant use of third-party contracted (agency) workers. Last year agency work accounted for around 4.6% of our total hours worked in NEXT. Warehouse agency workers are paid the same base hourly rate as NEXT warehouse operatives (we pay an agency fee on top of that to the provider). Most of the agency hours we use are in our warehouses, where agency hours are used to cover holidays, seasonal peaks and shifts where it is particularly difficult to recruit permanent staff. We offer permanent roles to high-performing warehouse agency staff, if they have worked with us for 13 weeks or longer. Last year, over 800 such agency staff accepted permanent roles with NEXT. We estimate that 60% of the agency workers who are offered a permanent contract accept the offer4. In the year ahead we plan to reduce our usage of agency hours by at least 60%. 3 Management roles include anyone with responsibility for managing two or more other people. 4 Note this is an estimated figure for 2025/26 and data will be collated moving forwards. 123 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Workforce age profile Percentage of Workforce 1 Age Band Retail Stores Warehousing Call Centres Head Office Total NEXT Under 21 29% 4% 2% 1% 20% 21 - 30 24% 20% 27% 27% 23% 31 - 40 14% 30% 30% 35% 20% 41 - 50 13% 23% 21% 21% 16% 51+ 20% 23% 21% 16% 20% 1. Rounding convention and casting: Figures shown in table are rounded to no decimal place. The accurate rounding of numbers means that the table appears as though it does not cast down to 100%. The percentages shown in the table are all based on the actual, unrounded figures, and no figures are adjusted for casting purposes. Minimum pay Our starting minimum hourly wage for all Retail staff is the National Minimum Wage (NMW) for those between 18 and 21 and the National Living Wage (NLW) for those who are 21 and above. For those under 18, the starting rate is just above the NMW. This applies across all locations. In Central London, an additional £1.25 per hour is added to all rates of pay. In selected Outer London areas, the additional rate is 25p per hour. Retail staff on the legal minimum split by age: 21 and over (National Living Wage) under-21 and under-18 (National Minimum Wage) are set out below, with a further breakdown by full-time and part-time status. Average Weekly Total Number Number (%) Retail Staff Part-Time Full-time Contract Hours Of Staff Paid at NMW Under 18 1 7.7 2,449 0 (0%) 100% 0% Under-21 1 9.6 5,785 1,950 (34%) 99.7% 0.03% 21 and over 13.9 16,588 15,482 (93%) 97.5% 2.5% 1. Staff who are under 21 and gain a ‘four star’ rating are paid the National Living Wage (over 21 rate). The first star rating review will be no more than six months from the start of employment. Currently 59% of staff aged 18 to 20 have a four star rating and are paid the NLW. Over 98% of retail staff on the NLW or NMW are on part-time contracts, with average contracted hours of 12.3 hours per week. Apprenticeships NEXT offers apprenticeship programmes to existing employees following accredited training schemes. Participation is voluntary and all employees are paid the full rate for the role they perform whilst completing the qualification. In addition, NEXT recruits directly into a very small number of high level apprenticeship roles in warehouse management and engineering. Employee engagement We have consistently strong levels of engagement in all four key areas of our business as set out in the table below. 2025/26 Business Area NEXT UK Benchmark Global Benchmark Retail Stores Over 75% 66% 67% Warehousing Over 70% 65% 65% Call Centres Over 75% 63% 68% Head Office Over 75% 64% 68% 124 Progression and internal promotion NEXT has a long-established practice of developing talent and promoting internally (for more on this see page 19 of our 2024 Annual Report). Strategic Report Over the last 35 years the Company has appointed ten main Board Executive Directors, of these all were already employees within the NEXT Group. The table below gives an indication of how the Company has been able to develop talent within the Group. Employee Grade Promoted from within the NEXT Group Main Board Executive Directors 100% (5 out of 5) NEXT Operating Directors 83% (19 out of 23) Store Managers 94% (444 out of 472) Governance Employee retention in retail stores The numbers given below are for all retail staff, excluding supervisory and management roles. Tenure and the number of staff with more than one year’s service are increasing and are significantly higher than they were in 2019 and earlier (pre-COVID). Retention / Tenure 2025/26 2024/25 2023/24 Retail Stores entry level employees with > 1 Over 80% Over 80% Over 80% year’s service (excluding managers) Average tenure in Retail Stores (including those Financial Statements 6.3 years 5.8 years 5.7 years promoted to management) Average tenure in Retail Stores (excluding those 5.5 years 5.0 years 4.9 years promoted to management) Shareholder Information 125 NOMINATION COMMITTEE REPORT Membership and meetings experience on the Board. During 2025, the Committee appointed Lygon Group to support the process. Members The Committee developed tailored candidate and role specifications, Michael Roney (Committee Chairman) which outlined the desired skills and experience required and Lygon Jonathan Bewes Group helped identify suitable external candidates for the Venetia Butterfield non-executive director roles. Soumen Das Tom Hall Interviews were conducted by the Chair, Chair of the Remuneration Dame Tristia Harrison Committee and an additional independent non-executive director, Amy Stirling followed by sessions with the Chief Executive and remaining members of the Board - ahead of a formal recommendation being The Committee member attendance table is shown on page 118. made to the Board. Lord Wolfson also attends the Nomination Committee meetings by In January 2026, we announced that Annette Court and Jeni Mundy invitation. In addition to formal meetings during the year, there were would join the Board as Independent Non-Executive Directors with regular informal discussions on succession plans and appointments effect from 1 March and 1 April 2026 respectively. In addition, at the senior leadership team level. Annette Court will take on the role of Senior Independent Director The Committee’s roles and responsibilities are covered in its terms of and Soumen Das will assume the role of Audit Committee Chair, reference which are available on our corporate website both from 21 May 2026. This considered succession planning process nextplc.co.uk. has enabled a thorough and detailed handover between Jonathan, Annette and Soumen. Our annual evaluation of the Nomination Committee’s performance was undertaken as part of the internal Board performance review. Tenure Further details are set out on pages 119 to 120. Whilst we see long service on the Board as a positive characteristic, Committee activities in 2025/26 the Board is mindful that the Code indicates that non-executive directors should not serve for more than nine years. Succession Board succession and appointments arrangements for Jonathan Bewes were announced in January 2026 The Committee adopts a formal and transparent procedure for the and, acknowledging that he reached his nine-year tenure in October appointment of directors to the Board. 2025, the Board is satisfied that he continues to demonstrate independence of character and judgement. External consultants are used to assist in identifying suitable candidates for non-executive roles, as well as for executive roles Michael Roney reached his ninth anniversary on the Board in where no suitable internal candidate has been identified. A written February 2026. In line with the requirements of the Code, the specification is produced for each appointment. The Chairman is Nomination Committee and Board have undertaken a review in responsible for providing a shortlist of candidates for consideration relation to the independence and commitment of Michael and the by the Nomination Committee which then makes its Board is satisfied that he continues to act with the utmost recommendation to the Board for final approval. The Nomination independence and considers that his appointment remains in the Committee is led by the Senior Independent Director (SID) when long-term best interests of stakeholders, particularly shareholders, dealing with the appointment of a successor to the Board customers and employees. Michael’s length of service, chairmanship. independence and potential for conflicts of interest were also considered as part of the annual Board performance review which Executive succession was conducted internally this year. As outlined on page 113, the Committee spent a significant amount The Board is satisfied that the Chairman continues to demonstrate of time considering Board succession planning during the year. In independent character, judgement and objectivity and continual preparation for Jane Shields’ retirement from the Board after our monitoring of his independence and performance will be undertaken 2026 AGM, the Committee oversaw the succession plans in place over his remaining tenure. The Board, taking into account the and recruitment of Jane’s successor. The Committee appointed an provisions set out in the Code, considered that Michael Roney independent search firm, Lygon Group, which is a signatory to the remained independent notwithstanding the fact he would be serving Voluntary Code of Conduct for Executive Search Firms, to support for a period of more than nine years and concluded that there were with the process. Lygon Group has no other connection with the no relationships or circumstances likely to impair his judgement. This Company. was based on a number of factors, including: Following a rigorous internal and external evaluation process, Matt ● Michael’s strong record in making objective decisions and holding Barnes was appointed to the role of Group Sales and Marketing management to account, and remaining willing and able to do so; Director. Matt will not be joining the Board at this stage. ● His deep knowledge of the Group, which will support the smooth SID succession and orderly transition of the SID appointment made during the year; Jonathan Bewes is SID and Audit Committee Chair and completed ● His clear independence demonstrated in terms of his nine years’ tenure in October 2025. He will stand down from the participation at meetings with management and his interactions Board at the conclusion of the AGM on 21 May 2026 and, in with stakeholders; preparation, the Committee was tasked with reviewing the ● His arm’s-length approach to dealing with executive directors and succession plans in place and recruiting additional independent continued challenge of management where appropriate; non-executive directors, to ensure the optimum balance of skills and 126 ● The fact that none of Michael’s external directorship appointments conflict or potentially conflict with those of the Diversity and inclusion Company; and Appointments to the Board and its Committees, as with other Strategic Report ● The broader composition of the Board, including the fact that no positions within the Group, are made on merit according to the other non-executive director will have a tenure in excess of nine balance of skills and experience offered by prospective candidates. years after the conclusion of the Company’s 2026 AGM. As a company, we acknowledge the benefits of diversity in terms of business experience and individual appointments are made In view of the number of changes made to the Board’s composition irrespective of personal characteristics such as race, religion or during the year, the Board has recommended an extension to the gender. The Committee will always seek to appoint the candidate Chairman’s tenure for a period of up to 18 months to facilitate a with the most appropriate skills and experience. smooth transition for the SID role and ensure that departures from key Board positions are appropriately staggered. It is therefore NEXT’s Diversity & Inclusion Policy sets out our support for diversity proposed that Michael stands for re-appointment at the Company’s and encourages an inclusive culture. We actively support a culture of Governance AGM in May 2026. inclusion, to ensure that all our employees are valued, and are treated with dignity and respect. We recognise that for the business Broader succession planning to continue to be successful we must ensure that we can recruit In addition to Board succession, the Committee considered the from as wide a pool of talent as possible. This policy is to treat all succession arrangements for the Board and the operational directors employees fairly and equally, regardless of gender, sexual below Board level. orientation, marital status, race, colour, nationality, religion, ethnic or national origin, age, disability or union membership status and we Crisis situation succession do not have a separate formal policy for the Board and its During the year, th
