. RISK FACTORS This section highlights specific risks that could affect us and our business. You should carefully consider each of the following risks, as well as the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or the price of our publicly traded securities could be materially adversely affected by any or all of these risks, or by other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial, that may adversely affect us in the future. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We face significant competition in all aspects of our business. We operate in a highly competitive environment subject to rapid and, at times, unpredictable change. We compete for audience share and subscribers, as well as revenues, including subscription, advertising, licensing and affiliate referral revenues. Our competitors include content creators, providers and distributors; news aggregators; search engines; social media platforms; streaming services; and AI companies. Competition among these entities is robust, and new competitors can quickly emerge and have in recent years. Our ability to compete effectively depends on many factors within and beyond our control. These factors include: our ability to continue delivering a breadth of high-quality journalism and content that is interesting and relevant to our audience; our ability to sustain and grow audience engagement with our products; our reputation and brand strength relative to those of our competitors; the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, format, performance, reliability and value of our products; our ability to develop, maintain and monetize our products; our products pricing and subscription plans and our content access models; the visibility of our brand and content on third-party platforms, products and tools (including search engines, social platforms, video and audio platforms and mobile app stores) and their widespread use; whether third-party platforms, products and tools maintain functionality that allows users to directly access and engage with our products (for example, through direct hyperlinking); our ability to reach new users in the United States and abroad; our ability to effectively protect our intellectual property, including from unauthorized use by AI developers in ways that harm our brand and promote the spread of misinformation, and to monetize it; our marketing and selling efforts, including our ability to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors; our ability to attract, develop, engage and retain talented employees who are in high demand; our ability to provide advertisers with a compelling return on their investments; and our ability to manage and grow our business in a cost-effective manner. Several companies with competing products control how content is discovered, displayed and monetized, including search engines, digital marketplaces, AI platforms and chatbots and mobile app stores with rankings and user experiences based on algorithms that are changed frequently, without notice or explanation. These products include some of the primary online environments in which we develop or aim to grow relationships with users. Further, some of these and other competitors are increasingly encouraging their large audiences to access our content, or derivations thereof, and/or competing content, within their products, impacting our ability to attract, engage and monetize users directly within our products. This ongoing shift in the digital landscape from link-based products (that direct users to original content on our and other publishers products) to contained ecosystems (where users find all of the content they seek within the third-party product), has accelerated and may further accelerate due to the increased use of generative AI products. We may fail to successfully manage and adapt to changes in how our content, apps, products and services are discovered, prioritized, displayed and monetized. In addition, some of our current and potential competitors provide free and/or lower-priced alternatives to our products, use our intellectual property without permission or compensation to offer competitive products, have P. 10 THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY greater resources than we do, and may develop new or enhanced products and services or leverage new technologies more quickly or successfully than we are able to, any of which may allow them to compete more effectively than us. Further, we rely on third-party platforms for a significant portion of our affiliate referral and licensing revenue while competing with such platforms for product discovery and product recommendation. Our ability to grow the size and profitability of our audience and subscriber base depends on many factors within and beyond our control, and a failure to do so could adversely affect our results of operations and business. Subscription revenues make up the majority of our total revenue. Our future growth and profitability depend upon our ability to retain, grow and effectively monetize our audience and subscriber base in the United States and abroad. We have invested and will continue to invest significant resources in our efforts to do so, but there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully grow our subscriber base in line with our expectations, or that we will be able to do so without taking steps such as adjusting our pricing or incurring subscription acquisition costs that could adversely affect our subscription revenues, margin and/or profitability. Our ability to attract and grow our digital subscriber base depends on the size of our audience and its engagement directly with our journalism and products. The size and engagement of our audience depends on many factors within and beyond our control, including the size and speed of development of the markets for our products; varied and changing consumer expectations and behaviors (including consumers interest in or avoidance of news content and methods of consuming news); the format and breadth of our offerings; significant news, sports and other events; public awareness of our brands; public sentiment about independent journalism and our brands and products; and the free access we provide to our content, among other factors. The size and engagement of our audience also depends on our ability to successfully manage changes implemented by search engines; social, video, AI and other media platforms; and operating systems and changes in the digital information ecosystem, including related to generative AI, that affect the visibility and display of, and traffic to, our content. The visibility and display of and traffic to our content depend in part on referrals from third-party platforms that direct consumers to our content. The ongoing shift in the digital landscape to contained ecosystems has adversely impacted, and we expect will continue to adversely impact, our online traffic and audience. Additionally, any failure by us to successfully manage and adapt to changes in third-party algorithms could significantly decrease the visibility of our products within those sources and audience engagement directly with us. Consumers willingness to subscribe to our products may depend on a variety of factors, including our subscription plans and pricing, the perceived differentiated value of being a subscriber, consumers discretionary spending habits, and our marketing expenditures and effectiveness, as well as the factors described above that impact the size and engagement of our audience and other factors within and outside our control. Our continued subscriber growth will depend on our ability to adapt, on a cost-effective basis, our content, products, pricing, marketing and payment processing systems for increasing numbers of subscribers. As we increase the size of our subscriber base, we expect it will become increasingly difficult to maintain our rate of growth. We must also manage the rate at which subscriptions to our products are canceled what we refer to as our churn. Subscriptions are canceled for a variety of reasons, including the factors described above that impact the size and engagement of our audience and consumers willingness to subscribe to our products as well as: subscribers perception that they do not engage with our content sufficiently; the end of a subscriber s promotional pricing (which is an important aspect of our strategy) or other adjustments in our subscription pricing; changes in payment industry standards or in state, federal and international regulations related to renewal and cancellation notice requirements; the introduction of new subscription management tools; and the expiration or replacement of subscribers credit cards. New subscriber cohorts may not retain at the same rate as prior cohorts of subscribers, particularly as we endeavor to encourage users who may spend less time with our products to subscribe. The future growth of our business and profitability also depends on our ability to successfully monetize our subscriber relationships. We are investing in efforts to encourage subscribers to use and pay for multiple products, primarily through our multiproduct digital bundle, and we have also introduced a higher-priced family subscription tier, but there can be no assurance that such efforts will continue to be successful in attracting and retaining subscribers. We have also invested in efforts to align our pricing models with users willingness to pay and the growing value of our products. We may continue to implement changes in our pricing, subscription plans or pricing models that may be affected by changes in consumer willingness to pay and/or changes in the regulatory THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P. 11 environment, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to grow subscribers, subscription revenues and profitability. The number of print subscribers continues to decline as the media industry has transitioned from being primarily print-focused to digital, and we do not expect this trend to reverse. We are limited in our ability to offset the resulting print revenue declines with revenue from home-delivery price increases, particularly as our print products continue to be more expensive relative to other media alternatives, including our digital products. If we are unable to offset and ultimately replace continued print subscription revenue declines with other sources of revenue, such as digital subscriptions, or if print subscription revenue declines at a faster rate than we anticipate, our operating results will be adversely affected. Our ability to attract, retain and monetize a significant portion of our users and our ability to maintain and grow our licensing revenues are dependent on third parties over which we do not have control. Actions or changes by these third parties could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to attract, retain and monetize a portion of our users is dependent upon platforms owned by third parties. For example, some of our subscribers choose to subscribe to our products through apps on operating systems run by Apple and Alphabet. If these third parties do not continue to provide their services as we expect or adversely change their user experiences, fees, commissions or terms for doing so, and if we are unable to adapt effectively to these changes, it could result in a loss of users or revenue; the ineffective monetization of products and/or other missed opportunities; increase our costs; damage our reputation; and adversely affect our financial results. In addition, we are reliant on accurate and timely reporting from these third-party platforms to accurately report certain financial results. We also have agreements with certain large platforms pursuant to which we license our content, and agreements with third parties for our affiliate referral revenue, but there is no guarantee that these agreements will be renewed on terms favorable to us or at all. Our user and other metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics may harm our reputation and our business. We track certain metrics, such as subscribers and average revenue per subscriber (which we refer to as average revenue per user or ARPU ). These metrics are calculated using internal Company data as well as information we receive from third parties and are subject to inherent challenges in measurement. For example, there may be individuals who have multiple Times subscriptions, which we treat as multiple subscribers, as well as individual subscriptions that are used by more than one person. The complex systems, processes and methodologies used to measure these metrics require significant effort, judgment and design inputs, and are susceptible to technical and coding errors and other vulnerabilities, including those in hardware devices, operating systems and other third-party products or services on which we rely. We also depend on accurate reporting by third parties through which some of our subscribers purchase their subscriptions, and our control over the information available to us from these third parties is limited. Accordingly, our metrics may not reflect the actual number of people using our products. Inaccuracies or limitations in these metrics may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could result in suboptimal business decisions and/or affect our longer-term strategies. In addition, we are continually seeking to improve our estimates of these metrics, which requires continued investment, and, as our tools and methodologies for measuring these metrics evolve, there may be unexpected changes to our metrics. Real or perceived inaccuracies in our reported metrics could harm our reputation and/or subject us to legal or regulatory actions and/or adversely affect our operating and financial results. Our advertising revenues are affected by numerous factors, including market dynamics, evolving digital advertising trends and the evolution of our strategy. We derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising in our products. Our advertising revenues are sensitive to the fluctuation of advertiser budgets in response to changing economic conditions. Our ability to compete successfully for advertising budgets will depend on, among other things, our ability to engage and grow audiences, collect and leverage data, and deliver valuable and effective advertising offerings. In determining whether to buy advertising with us, advertisers may consider factors such as the demand for our products; size, demographics and engagement of our audience; potential adjacency to news or specific news topics; public sentiment about our brands; our advertising rates; the format of advertising we offer; our targeting capabilities; the results observed by P. 12 THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY advertisers; the ease of buying advertising with us; and the perceived effectiveness of our advertising offerings compared to alternative advertising options. Companies with large digital platforms, which have greater audience reach, audience data and targeting capabilities than we do, command a large share of the digital advertising market, and we anticipate that this will continue. In addition, there is increasing demand for digital advertising in formats that are dominated by these platforms, particularly vertical short-form video and streaming. While we are investing in these formats, our current and future offerings may not be able to compete effectively. The remaining market is subject to significant competition among publishers and other content providers, and audience fragmentation. These dynamics have affected, and will likely continue to affect, our ability to attract and retain advertisers and to maintain or increase our advertising rates and resulting revenues. Digital advertising networks and exchanges with real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale also play a significant role in the marketplace and represent another source of competition. They have caused and may continue to cause further downward pricing pressure and the loss of a direct relationship with marketers. The evolving standards for delivery of digital advertising includes a shift toward products and surfaces that are monetized at different, and potentially lower, rates. In addition, our digital advertising offerings include products that use proprietary first-party data to target and generate predictive insights and help inform our clients advertising strategies. Certain technology, regulations, policies, practices and consumer expectations have developed and been implemented that adversely affect our ability to deliver, target or measure the effectiveness of advertising (including reduced browser support for third-party cookies, rapidly evolving privacy regulations and platform requirements providing for additional consumer rights) and may be exacerbated by a decrease in referral traffic from generative AI products. These developments may adversely affect our advertising revenues if we are unable to effectively evolve our products and develop effective solutions to mitigate their impact. Our digital advertising operations also rely on technologies (particularly ad servers) that, if interrupted or meaningfully changed, or if the providers leverage their power to alter the economic structure, could have an adverse impact on our advertising revenues, operating costs and/or operating results. The relative proportions of digital traffic we receive from different platforms, such as apps, desktop web and mobile web, have changed over time and may continue to change, in part as a result of changes to the algorithms of digital platforms over which we have no control. If we do not adapt to changes in traffic and yield among these platforms, this could adversely affect our advertising revenues. Although print advertising revenue represents a significant portion of our total advertising revenue, our revenues from print advertising continue to decline over time and we do not expect this trend to reverse. Print advertising revenue may decline more quickly than we anticipate, which could create additional pressure on our profitability. Investments we make in new and existing products and services expose us to risks and challenges that could adversely affect our operations and profitability. We have invested and expect to continue to invest significant resources to enhance and expand our existing products and services and to acquire and develop new products and services. These efforts present numerous risks and challenges, including the need for us to appeal to new audiences, apply our expertise in new areas, develop additional expertise in certain areas, overcome technological and operational challenges and effectively allocate capital resources; new and/or increased costs; risks associated with strategic relationships such as content licensing; new competitors (some of which may have more resources and experience in certain areas); and additional legal and regulatory risks from expansion into new areas. As a result of these and other risks and challenges, growth into new areas may divert internal resources and the attention of our management and other personnel, including journalists and product and technology specialists. Although we believe we have a strong and well-established reputation as a global media company, our ability to market our products effectively, and to gain and maintain an audience, particularly for some of our newer digital products, is not certain, and, if they are not favorably received, our brand may be adversely affected. Even if our products and services are favorably received, they may not advance our business strategy as expected, may result in unanticipated costs or liabilities and may fall short of expected return on investment targets or fail to generate THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P. 13 sufficient revenue to justify our investments, which could result in write-offs of impaired assets and/or adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. Our brand and reputation are key assets. Negative perceptions or publicity could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe The New York Times brand is a powerful and trusted brand with a reputation for high-quality independent journalism and content, and that this brand is a key element of our business. Our New York Times brand, as well as our other brands, including The Athletic, Cooking, Games and Wirecutter, might be damaged by incidents that erode consumer trust (such as negative publicity), a perception that our journalism is unreliable or biased, or the decline in the perceived value of independent journalism and general trust in the media, which may be in part as a result of changing political and cultural environments in the United States and abroad, active campaigns by domestic or international political or commercial actors and changes in the information ecosystem. Our brand and reputation could also be adversely impacted by negative claims or publicity regarding the Company or its operations, products, services, employees, practices or business affiliates (including advertisers), as well as our potential inability to adequately respond to such negative claims or publicity, even if such claims are untrue. Our brand and reputation could also be damaged if we fail to provide adequate customer service, or by failures of third-party vendors on which we rely. To the extent our brand and reputation are damaged, our ability to attract and retain audience, subscribers, advertisers and/or employees could be adversely affected, which could in turn have an adverse impact on our business, revenues and operating results. We invest in defining and enhancing our brands. These investments are considerable and may not be successful. Generative AI technology has negatively impacted, and we expect will continue to negatively impact, our ability to attract, engage, and retain audience and subscribers; maintain and grow demand among advertisers and licensees; protect and monetize our intellectual property; maintain and grow other revenue streams; and our reputation and trust in our brand; and may involve other risks. Continued rapid development in generative AI technology has impacted and may significantly alter the market for our products and services. Certain AI products are powered by models that have been trained or grounded on our content, and/or are able to retrieve and display output that contains, is similar to, is derived from, or purports to be our content, without our permission, fair compensation, proper attribution or referrals to our digital properties. These products have adversely impacted, and we expect will continue to adversely impact, our traffic; audience size; current and potential subscriber, advertiser and licensee demand; and our brand and reputation (e.g., through misattribution of incorrect information to us), resulting in harm to existing and potential revenue streams. Additionally, these products infringe our intellectual property rights. Any or all of these risks may adversely affect our business, revenues and results of operations. Protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights against third parties that have used and may continue to use our content and trademarks without authorization is and will continue to be costly and time consuming. The rapid growth of AI companies and products has escalated this challenge, as they are sending unauthorized user agents to scrape and copy our intellectual property. Our efforts to identify and block such actors to protect our content from unauthorized use are not guaranteed to be effective and may result in our content being excluded from third party platforms, which could disrupt users ability to find our content. The application of existing laws and regulations to new technologies, including generative AI, remains unsettled, and the development of laws and regulations in this area could impact our ability to protect our intellectual property from infringing and competitive uses and enforce our rights in it. We have filed lawsuits that include claims related to the unlawful and unauthorized copying and use of our content. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings for additional information. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in these lawsuits, or in preventing other companies from using our content without authorization or fair compensation. Our business, brand, financial condition and results of operations may suffer as a result. We also use generative AI tools that may give rise to risks under intellectual property, data protection and employment laws and regulations and raise cybersecurity, confidentiality and technical risks. The use of these tools may also cause brand or reputational harm, including if any output is deficient, inaccurate, biased or otherwise problematic. Our use of generative AI tools may also disrupt our relationship with employees and/or result in labor disputes if the tools are viewed as displacing workers. Identifying, assessing and mitigating the risks associated with generative AI requires ongoing investments in governance, technology, compliance and training, and we may not be P. 14 THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY able to prevent all unintended or harmful impacts. Accordingly, our use of, or perceptions of the way that we use, generative AI could adversely affect our business, brand, financial condition or results of operations. Our business and financial results may be adversely impacted by economic, market and political conditions or other events or conditions causing significant disruption. We and the companies with which we do business are subject to risks and uncertainties caused by factors beyond our control, including economic weakness, instability and volatility, including the potential for a recession; expanded or retaliatory tariffs or taxes or other trade barriers; a competitive talent market; inflation; supply chain disruptions; high interest rates and interest rate volatility; and political and sociopolitical uncertainties and conflicts. These factors may result in declines and/or volatility in our results. For example, our advertising revenues have been in the past and could be further adversely affected as advertisers reduce or shift spending priorities in response to these conditions. Furthermore, if consumers reduce discretionary spending, our ability to acquire and retain paying subscribers may be hindered. Users may shift to free or lower-priced options, adversely impacting our subscription and affiliate referral revenues. Our costs, particularly employee-related, printing and distribution expenses, have been and may continue to be impacted by inflation and rising price levels. Inflation and market volatility may also adversely impact our investment portfolio and our pension obligations. Additionally, we own and lease commercial real estate and are subject to associated risks, including that the size of our real estate portfolio becomes unsuited to our needs, that we are unable to secure subleases for owned or leased property, counterparty risk associated with subleases and liquidity risk associated with our owned properties, all of which are sensitive to macroeconomic conditions, changes in the real estate market and workplace trends. Any events causing significant disruption or distraction to the public or to our workforce or impacting economic conditions, such as supply chain disruptions, political instability or crises, economic instability, war, public health crises, social unrest, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and other adverse weather and climate conditions, or other unexpected events, could also disrupt our operations or the operations of one or more of the third parties on which we rely. If a significant portion of our workforce or the workforces of the third parties with which we do business (including our advertisers, newsprint suppliers or print and distribution partners) is unable to work due to power outages, connectivity issues, illness or other causes that impact individuals ability to work, our operations and financial performance may be adversely impacted. The future impact that such events or conditions will have on our business, operations and financial results is uncertain and will depend on evolving factors and developments that we are not able to reliably predict or mitigate. It is also possible that these conditions may accelerate or worsen other risks. The international scope of our business exposes us to risks inherent in foreign operations. We have locations and staff around the world, and our products are generally offered globally. We are focused on expanding the international scope of our business and face the inherent risks associated with doing business globally, including: laws, regulations, policies or other governmental actions that impact our operations and business, including restrictions on access to our content and products; the barring, expulsion or detention of journalists or other employees; or other restrictive or retaliatory actions or behavior; effectively staffing and managing foreign operations; providing for the health and safety of our journalists and other employees and affiliates; potential legal, political or social uncertainty and volatility or catastrophic events, including wars and terrorist events, that could restrict our journalists travel or otherwise adversely impact our operations and business and/or those of the companies with which we do business; protecting and enforcing our intellectual property and other rights under varying legal regimes; complying with generally applicable laws and regulations, including those governing intellectual property; defamation; publishing certain types of information; labor, employment and immigration; tax; payment processing; privacy; data protection; consumer marketing and subscriptions practices; and U.S. and foreign anticorruption laws and economic sanctions; THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P. 15 restrictions on the ability of U.S. companies to do business in foreign countries, including restrictions on foreign ownership, foreign investment or repatriation of funds; higher-than-anticipated costs of entry; and currency exchange rate fluctuations. Adverse developments in any of these areas could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, we may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. Significant disruptions in our newsprint supply chain or newspaper printing and distribution channels, or a significant increase in the costs to print and distribute our newspaper, would have an adverse effect on our operating results. The Times newspaper, as well as other commercial print products, are printed at our production and distribution facility in College Point, N.Y. Outside of the New York area, The Times is printed and distributed under contracts with partners across the United States and internationally. Our production and distribution facility and our print partners rely on suppliers for newsprint. The price of newsprint has historically been volatile, and its cost and availability has been affected by various factors, including supply chain disruptions (including as a result of natural disasters and fires) and conversion to paper grades other than newsprint, and may be affected by other disruptions that may affect production or deliveries of newsprint, including transportation issues, labor shortages or unrest and higher tariffs. A significant increase in newsprint prices or a significant disruption in our or our partners newsprint supply chain would adversely affect our operating results. Financial pressures, newspaper industry trends or economics, labor shortages or unrest, changing legal obligations regarding classification of workers or other circumstances may affect our print and distribution partners. These circumstances could lead to reduced operations, consolidations or closures of print sites, newsprint mills or distribution routes. Such developments may increase our printing and distribution costs, decrease revenues if printing and distribution are disrupted or negatively impact the quality of our printing and distribution. Some of our print and distribution partners have reduced their geographic scope or printing frequency, and others may take similar steps. These changes to our partners options affect our ability to print and distribute our newspaper and can adversely affect our operating results. Significant disruptions in our newsprint supply chain or printing and distribution channels, or a significant increase in associated costs could adversely affect our reputation and/or operating results. As print subscriptions decline for us and the broader industry, our and our vendors fixed costs are spread over fewer paper copies. We have been and may continue to be unable to fully offset these increasing per-unit costs through price increases, and our operating results may be adversely affected. Expectations relating to governance, environmental and social matters, and any related reporting obligations, may impact our business. U.S., state and international regulators, investors and other stakeholders continue to focus on governance, environmental and social matters. Domestic and international laws and regulations relating to these matters, including human capital management, environmental sustainability and climate change, privacy and cybersecurity, are under consideration, have recently been adopted or are currently being challenged or debated. Compliance with any applicable laws and regulations relating to environmental matters may require additional investments, increased attention from management and the implementation of new practices and reporting processes and may involve additional compliance risk. In addition, we have undertaken or announced sustainability-related actions and goals that require ongoing investments and changes to our operations. There is no assurance that our initiatives will achieve their intended outcomes or that we will achieve these goals. In addition, our ability to implement some initiatives is dependent on external factors. For example, our ability to carry out our sustainability initiatives may depend in part on third-party collaboration, mitigation innovations and/or the availability of economically feasible solutions at scale. Furthermore, factors such as changes in methodologies and processes for reporting environmental data, improvements in third-party data and the evolving standards for identifying, measuring and reporting such metrics, including disclosures that may be required by regulators, could impact our reporting of and progress toward our own goals and/or commitments. P. 16 THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY Perceptions of our initiatives and commitments in these areas may differ widely, including in different jurisdictions, and present risks to our brand and reputation. We may be criticized for steps taken or not taken, or any failure or perceived failure, by us to comply with complex, technical and rapidly evolving laws and regulations or meet expectations, which may negatively impact our reputation. In addition, any such failure or perceived failure may result in penalties or fines. While many of the laws in these areas introduced in the last few years have been designed to promote more robust transparency and enhance resilience, laws, regulations and administrative actions have also been proposed and implemented to limit, restrict or prohibit activities on these issues. As a result, we may be subject to heightened scrutiny, litigation or regulatory proceedings, or reputational damage. Acquisitions, divestitures, investments and other strategic transactions could adversely affect our costs, revenues, profitability and financial position. In order to position our business to take advantage of growth opportunities, we intend to continue to engage in discussions, evaluate opportunities and enter into agreements for possible additional acquisitions, divestitures, investments and other strategic transactions. We may also consider the acquisition of, or investment in, specific properties, businesses or technologies that fall outside our traditional lines of business and diversify our portfolio, including those that may operate in new and developing industries, if we deem them sufficiently attractive. Acquisitions may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including difficulties in integrating and managing acquired businesses (including cultural challenges associated with transitioning employees from the acquired company into our organization); failure to correctly anticipate liabilities, deficiencies, or other claims and/or other costs; diversion of management attention; use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business; possible dilution of our brand or harm to our reputation; the potential loss of key employees; risks associated with strategic relationships; risks associated with integrating operations and systems, such as financial reporting, internal control and compliance and information technology systems (including cybersecurity and data privacy controls) in an efficient and effective manner; and other unanticipated problems and liabilities. Competition for certain types of acquisitions or other strategic transactions is significant. We may not be able to find suitable candidates, and we may not be able to complete such transactions on favorable terms, or at all. Even if successfully negotiated, closed and integrated, certain acquisitions or investments may prove not to further our intended strategy or provide the anticipated benefits, may cause us to incur unanticipated costs or liabilities, may result in write-offs of impaired assets, and may fall short of expected return on investment targets, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we have divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses that no longer fit within our strategic direction or growth targets. Divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. These include the inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms, disruption to our business and/or diversion of management attention from other business concerns, loss of key employees and possible retention of certain liabilities related to the divested business. Finally, we have made minority investments in companies, and we may make similar investments in the future. Such investments subject us to the operating and financial risks of these businesses and to the risk that we do not have sole control over the operations of these businesses. Our investments are generally illiquid, and the absence of a market may inhibit our ability to dispose of them. In addition, to the extent the book value of an investment exceeds its fair value, we are required to recognize an impairment charge related to the investment. Litigation or governmental investigations can impact our business practices and operating results. From time to time, we are party to litigation, including matters relating to alleged defamation, consumer class actions and labor and employment-related matters, as well as regulatory, environmental and other proceedings with governmental authorities and administrative agencies. Public figures who are the subjects of news reporting have in certain instances become more active pursuing defamation and/or libel lawsuits against media outlets. Adverse outcomes in lawsuits or investigations could result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition as well as our ability to conduct our business as it is presently being conducted. In addition, regardless of merit or outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact as a result of legal costs, diversion of the attention of management and other personnel, harm to our reputation, and other factors. THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P. 17 Risks Related to Intellectual Property Our business may suffer if we cannot protect our intellectual property. Our business depends on our intellectual property, including our valuable trademarks, copyrighted content and internally developed technology. We believe the protection and monetization of our proprietary trademarks, copyrighted content and patented technology, as well as other intellectual property, is critical to our continued success and maintaining our competitive position. Our ability to protect and monetize our intellectual property is subject to the protections available under intellectual property laws in the United States and other applicable jurisdictions. Governmental authorities may enact new laws, or urge interpretations of existing laws, that limit our intellectual property rights, including in relation to the unauthorized use of our content by third parties, which may negatively impact our ability to protect and generate revenue from our intellectual property. Advancements in technology, including advancements in generative AI technology, have made widescale, systematic unauthorized copying and exploitation of unlicensed content easier, including by anonymous foreign actors. At the same time, intellectual property protection and enforcement have become more costly and challenging, in part due to the increasing volume and sophistication of attempts at unauthorized use of our intellectual property. A growing number of unauthorized third parties, including AI companies that compete with us for audience and revenue, have unlawfully misappropriated, and are likely to continue to unlawfully misappropriate, our brand, content, technology and other intellectual property, and the measures we take to protect and enforce our proprietary rights may not be sufficient to fully address or prevent all third-party infringement. We are currently engaged in lawsuits to enforce our intellectual property rights, and we may engage in additional litigation in the future. Such litigation has been and may continue to be costly and time-consuming. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings for additional information. If we are unable to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, we may not succeed in realizing the full value of our assets, our business and profitability may suffer, and our brand may be tarnished by misuse of our intellectual property. We have been, and may be in the future, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement that could adversely affect our business. We periodically receive claims from third parties alleging violations of their intellectual property rights. As we publish more content in a variety of media both on and off our platforms, the risks of receiving these claims increases. Defending against intellectual property infringement claims can be time consuming, expensive to litigate and/or settle, and a diversion of management and newsroom attention. In addition, litigation regarding intellectual property rights is inherently uncertain due to the complex issues involved, and we may not be successful in defending ourselves in such matters. If we are unsuccessful in defending against third-party intellectual property infringement claims, these claims may require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, alter how we present content to our users, alter certain of our operations and/or otherwise incur substantial monetary liability. The occurrence of any of these events as a result of these claims could result in substantially increased costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. For claims against us, insurance may be insufficient or unavailable, and for claims related to actions of third parties, either indemnification or remedies against those parties may be insufficient or unavailable. P. 18 THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY Risks Related to Our Data Platform, Information Systems and Other Technology Our success depends on our ability to effectively improve and scale our technical and data infrastructure. Our ability to attract, retain, monetize and protect our users is dependent upon the reliable performance and increasing capabilities of our products and our underlying technical and data infrastructure. As our business continues to grow in size, scope and complexity, and as legal requirements and consumer expectations continue to evolve, we must continue to invest significant resources to maintain, improve, upgrade, scale and protect our products and technical and data infrastructure, including some legacy systems. Our failure to do so effectively, or any significant disruption in our service or adverse impact on user experience, could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users or ineffective monetization of products or other missed opportunities, subject us to fines and civil liability and/or adversely affect our financial results. As we periodically augment and enhance our financial systems, we may experience disruptions or difficulties that could adversely affect our operations, the management of our finances and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which in turn may negatively impact our ability to manage our business and to accurately forecast and report our results, which could harm our business. Security incidents and other network and information systems disruptions could affect our ability to conduct our business effectively, cause us to incur significant costs, subject us to significant liability and/or damage our reputation. Our operations depend on our ability to protect our information systems against interruption, breach or other damage. Our systems store and process confidential subscriber, user, employee and other sensitive personal and Company data. In addition, we rely on the technology, systems and services provided by third-party vendors (including cloud-based service providers) for a variety of operations, including encryption and authentication technology, employee email, domain name registration, content delivery, administrative functions (including payroll processing and certain finance and accounting functions) and other operations. We regularly face attempts to breach our security and compromise our information technology systems from a broad range of actors. These actors, whether internal or external to the Company, use a blend of technology and social engineering techniques (including denial of service attacks, ransomware, phishing or business email compromise attempts intended to induce our employees, business affiliates and users to disclose information or unwittingly provide access to systems or data, and other techniques) to disrupt service, exfiltrate data or otherwise interfere with our business. Information security threats are constantly evolving in sophistication and volume and attackers are using generative AI and machine learning to launch more automated, targeted, sophisticated and coordinated attacks against targets, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. A successful breach could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected. We and the third parties with which we work may be more vulnerable to the risk from activities of this nature as a result of factors such as the high-profile nature of our business operations and the various jurisdictions in which we and our third-party providers operate; the use of generative AI tools; remote and hybrid working; employee use of personal devices, which may not have the same level of protection as Company devices and networks; and use of legacy software systems. Cybersecurity vulnerabilities can also arise from human error, fraud or malice on the part of our employees, other insiders or third parties, or from technology or product enhancements or the migration of information and data to new technology platforms, systems or applications. From time to time, we experience security incidents and other network and information systems disruptions. To date, no incidents have had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, there is no assurance that incidents or disruptions will not have a material adverse effect in the future. There is also no guarantee that a series of related issues may not be determined to be material at a later date in the aggregate, even if they may not be material individually at the time of their occurrence. In addition, our systems, and those of the third parties with which we work and on which we rely, may be vulnerable to interruption or damage that can result from the effects of power, systems or connectivity outages; natural disasters (including increased storm severity and flooding); fires; human error, fraud or malice; public health conditions; acts of terrorism; or other similar events. THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P. 19 We have implemented controls and taken other preventative measures designed to strengthen our systems and to improve the resilience of our business against such incidents and attacks, including measures designed to reduce the impact of a security incident at our third-party vendors. These efforts are expensive to develop, implement and maintain; require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and as efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated; and may limit the functionality of or otherwise negatively impact our products, services and systems. Although the costs of the controls and other measures we have taken to date have not had a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, the costs and effort to respond to and recover from a security incident and/or to mitigate any security vulnerabilities that may be identified in the future could be significant. Additionally, any contractual protections with our third-party vendors, including our right to indemnification, if any at all, may be limited or insufficient to prevent a negative impact on our business from a security incident. There can also be no assurance that the actions, measures and controls we have implemented will be effective or that they will be sufficient to prevent a future security incident or other disruption, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. Such an event could result in a disruption of our services; improper access, use, alteration or disclosure of personal data or other confidential information; loss of information; or theft or misuse of our intellectual property. In addition, if we experience or are perceived to experience a security incident, or are perceived to fail to respond appropriately to any security incident that we may experience, it could divert management s attention; require us to expend resources to investigate, respond to and recover from such a security incident or defend against further attacks; subject us to litigation, regulatory or other government inquiries or investigations and/or liability; harm our reputation; or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. While we maintain cyber risk insurance, the costs relating to certain kinds of security incidents could be substantial, and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses related to any future incidents involving our data or systems, and we cannot be certain our insurance coverage will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms (if at all) or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. Failure to comply with evolving laws and regulations with respect to privacy, data protection and consumer marketing and subscriptions practices could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to various laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad with respect to the processing, privacy and security of personal data, as well as our consumer marketing and subscriptions practices. These laws and regulations, and how they are interpreted by authorities, differ across jurisdictions and continue to evolve and expand. Various state, federal and international laws and regulations govern the processing, privacy and security of the data we receive from and about individuals. Failure to protect personal data in accordance with these requirements, provide individuals with notice of our privacy policies, respond to consumer rights requests or obtain required valid consent where applicable, for example, could subject us to liability. In addition, various laws and regulations govern the manner in which we market our subscription products, including with respect to pricing, billing, automatic renewals and cancellations. These laws, as well as any changes in these laws or how they are interpreted, could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers and the rate with which consumers cancel subscriptions. There has been increasing focus on and regulatory scrutiny related to laws and regulations governing privacy, data protection, consumer marketing and subscriptions practices. Existing and new laws and regulations in these areas impose obligations that affect our business; place increasing demands on our technical infrastructure and resources; require us to incur increased compliance costs; and cause us to further adjust our advertising, marketing, security or other business practices. For example, we continue to work on several significant privacy engineering projects to centralize and enhance our privacy compliance capabilities. As we continue these projects, we may experience disruptions or difficulties that could adversely affect our business. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us or the third parties upon which we rely to comply with laws and regulations that govern our business operations and/or our policies, could expose us to penalties and/or civil or criminal liability and result in claims against us by governmental entities, classes of litigants or others, regulatory inquiries, negative publicity and a loss of confidence in us by our users and advertisers. Each of these consequences could adversely affect our business and results of operations. From time to time, we are party to litigation and P. 20 THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY regulatory inquiry relating to these laws, and in some instances we have made and may continue to make settlement payments to resolve these. We are subject to payment processing risk. We accept payments through third parties using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards and direct debit, as well as alternative payment methods such as PayPal. We rely on third parties and our own internal systems to process payments. Acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to differing certifications, rules, regulations, industry standards and laws, including across geographies, concerning subscriptions, billing and automatic renewals, which continue to evolve, and require payment of interchange and other transaction fees. To the extent there are increases in payment processing fees; disruptions in our or third-party payment processing systems; errors in charges made to subscribers; material changes in the payment ecosystem such as large reissuances of payment cards by credit card issuers and the introduction of new subscription management tools; or significant changes to certifications, rules, regulations, industry standards or laws concerning payment processing, our ability to accept payments or retain subscribers could be hindered, we could experience increased costs, and we could be subject to fines and civil liability, which could harm our reputation and adversely impact our revenues, operating expenses and/or results of operations. In addition, we have experienced, and from time to time may continue to experience, fraudulent use of payment methods. If we are unable to adequately control and manage this practice, it could result in inaccurately inflated subscriber figures used for internal planning purposes and public reporting, which could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and harm our reputation. If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, our card approval rate may be impacted, and card networks could impose fines and additional card authentication requirements or terminate our ability to process payments, which would impact our business and results of operations as well as result in negative consumer perceptions of our brand. We must periodically assess our fraud prevention measures as fraudulent schemes become more sophisticated. These measures may add friction to our subscription processes, which could adversely affect our ability to add and retain subscribers. The termination of our ability to accept payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our business, including our ability to add and retain subscribers and collect subscription and advertising revenues, and would adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet and cloud-based hosting services we utilize. We currently utilize third-party subscription-based software services as well as public cloud infrastructure services to provide solutions for many of our computing, storage and bandwidth needs. Any interruptions to these services could result in interruptions in service to our subscribers, users, advertisers and/or our critical business functions, notwithstanding business continuity or disaster recovery plans or agreements that may currently be in place with these providers. This could result in unanticipated downtime and/or harm to our operations or reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. A transition of these services to different cloud providers would be difficult, time consuming and costly to implement. In addition, if hosting costs increase over time and/or if we require more computing or storage capacity as a result of subscriber growth or otherwise, our costs could increase disproportionately. In addition, if we or our subscribers, users or advertisers experience disruptions in internet service or if internet service providers block, degrade or charge for access to our content, it could decrease the demand for, or the usage of, our content and products, increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Risks Related to Our Employees and Pension Obligations If we are unable to attract and maintain a highly talented workforce, it could have a negative impact on our competitive position, reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. Our ability to attract, develop, retain and maximize the contributions of highly talented individuals of diverse backgrounds, experiences and skills, and to create the conditions for our people to do their best work, is vital to the continued success of our business and central to our long-term strategy. We compete with a wide array of companies for talent. Competitors, especially those with greater resources than we have, may offer compensation and benefits packages that are perceived to be better than ours. As a result, we may incur significant costs to attract and retain THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P. 21 employees, and we may lose talent through attrition and/or be unable to hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. Our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled talent depends on many factors, including the compensation, benefits and career development opportunities that we provide; our reputation; and our workplace culture. Our employee-related costs have grown in recent years, including as a result of a competitive talent market and inflation. In addition, stock-based compensation is an important component of our overall compensation, and if the perceived value of our equity awards relative to those of our competitors declines, including as a result of declines in the market price of our Class A Common Stock or changes in perception about our prospects, our ability to recruit and retain talent may be adversely affected. Additionally, we are subject to complex, technical and rapidly evolving domestic and international laws and regulations related to labor, employment and benefits. We may be criticized for steps taken or not taken, or any failure or perceived failure, by us to comply with such laws and regulations or meet expectations, which may negatively impact our reputation, cause us reputational harm and adversely impact our ability to attract and retain employees. In addition, any such failure or perceived failure may result in heightened scrutiny, penalties, fines, litigation or regulatory proceedings. If we were unable to attract and retain a highly talented workforce, it would disrupt our operations; would impact our competitive position and reputation; and could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success, and a failure to effectively ensure the transfer of knowledge and to train and integrate new employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. A significant number of our employees are represented by labor organizations, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if labor agreements were to increase our costs or further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. Approximately 43% of our full-time equivalent employees were represented by unions as of December 31, 2025. Some of our unions are seeking to include additional employees in their units, including employees from The Athletic. Because we are required to negotiate the wages, benefits and other terms and conditions of employment with these unionized employees collectively, further unionization or unsuccessful negotiations to renew expiring agreements could result in higher labor costs. Labor unrest, including strikes, work slowdowns/stoppages or organizing campaigns, has resulted in, and may continue to result in negative publicity, management distraction and business interruptions. Such actions can adversely impact our reputation and talent recruitment and retention, as well as increase costs and impair our ability to produce and deliver our products. If we are unable to enter into new collective bargaining agreements or renew collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms, our costs may increase and we may be further restricted from changing our strategy, maximizing the efficiency of our operations (including our ability to make adjustments to control compensation and benefits costs) or otherwise adapting to changing business needs. As a result, our business and results could be adversely affected. The nature of significant portions of our expenses may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our results of operations. Our main operating costs are employee-related costs, which have been increasing in recent years, are sensitive to inflationary pressures, and are likely to continue increasing. Our ability to make short-term adjustments to manage our costs or to make changes to our business strategy may be limited by certain of our collective bargaining agreements and constrained by labor market conditions, and therefore our employee-related costs may not decrease proportionately with revenues if revenues were to decline. Furthermore, as print-related revenues decline, we cannot always make proportional reductions in the costs associated with the printing and distribution of our newspaper and our commercial printing business. If we were unable to implement cost-control efforts effectively or reduce our operating costs sufficiently in response to a decline in our revenues, our profitability would be adversely affected. Additionally, it is possible that future cost control efforts may affect the quality of our products and our ability to generate future revenues. P. 22 THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY The size and volatility of our pension plan obligations may adversely affect our operations, financial condition and liquidity. We sponsor a frozen single-employer defined benefit pension plan. Although we have frozen participation and benefits under this plan and have taken other steps to reduce the size and volatility of our pension plan obligations, our results of operations will be affected by the amount of income or expense we record for and the contributions we are required to make to this plan. In addition, we and the NewsGuild of New York (the Guild ) jointly sponsor a defined benefit plan that continues to accrue active benefits for certain employees represented by the Guild. We are required to make contributions to our plans to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by laws governing such plans. Although as of December 31, 2025, our qualified defined benefit pension plans had plan assets that were approximately $76 million above the present value of future benefit obligations, our obligation to make additional contributions to our plans, and the timing of any such contributions, depends on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These include legislative changes; demographic changes and assumptions about mortality; and economic conditions, including a low interest rate environment or sustained volatility and disruption in the stock and debt markets, which impact discount rates and returns on plan assets. As a result of required contributions to our qualified pension plans, we may have less cash available for working capital and other corporate uses, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, we sponsor several non-qualified pension plans, with unfunded obligations totaling approximately $166 million as of December 31, 2025. Although we have frozen participation and benefits under all but one of these plans and have taken other steps to reduce the size and volatility of our obligations under these plans, a number of factors, including changes in discount rates or mortality tables, may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Our participation in multiemployer pension plans may subject us to liabilities that could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We participate in, and make periodic contributions to, three multiemployer pension plans. Our required contributions to certain plans have been impacted and may be further impacted by changes in our production, distribution and commercial printing operations. The risks of participating in multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in that assets contributed are pooled and may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer withdraws from or otherwise ceases to contribute to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. If we withdraw from a multiemployer plan, we may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the plan s underfunded status, referred to as withdrawal liability. Our withdrawal liability for any multiemployer pension plan will depend on the nature and timing of any triggering event and the extent of that plan s funding of vested benefits. In addition, under federal pension law, when a multiemployer pension plan is classified as endangered, critical or critical and declining, we can be required to make additional contributions and/or benefit reductions may apply. We have recorded significant withdrawal liabilities with respect to multiemployer pension plans in which we formerly participated and with respect to a partial withdrawal from one plan in which we continue to participate, and may record additional liabilities in the future, including as a result of a mass withdrawal declaration by trustees. Additional liabilities in excess of the amounts we have recorded could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Each significant multiemployer plan in which we participate is specific to the newspaper and broader printing and publishing industries, which continue to undergo significant pressure. If, in the future, we elect to withdraw from additional plans in which we participate or if we trigger a partial withdrawal due to declines in contribution base units or a partial cessation of our obligation to contribute, additional liabilities would need to be recorded that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Legislative changes could also affect our funding obligations or the amount of withdrawal liability we incur if a withdrawal were to occur. THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P. 23 Risks Related to Common Stock, Debt and Capital Markets We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance and/or targets, which could cause the trading price of our Class A Common Stock to decline. From time to time, we publicly announce guidance and targets, including in connection with the number of our subscribers, revenues, costs, profit, depreciation and amortization, capital expenditures and capital return strategy. Our publicly announced guidance and targets are based upon assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and which may change. Given the dynamic nature of our business, and the inherent limitations in predicting future performance, it is possible that some or all of our assumptions and expectations may turn out not to be correct and actual results may vary significantly. In addition, any failure to successfully implement our strategy or the occurrence of any of the other risks and uncertainties described herein could cause our results to differ from our guidance. Furthermore, analysts and investors may develop and publish their own projections of our business, which may form a consensus about our future performance. Our actual business results may vary significantly from that consensus due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. Such discrepancies, or the unfavorable reception of our guidance and targets, can cause a decline in the trading price of our Class A Common Stock. The terms of our credit facility impose restrictions on our operations that could limit our ability to undertake certain actions. We are party to a revolving credit agreement that provides for a $400 million unsecured credit facility (the Credit Facility ). Certain of our domestic subsidiaries have guaranteed our obligations under the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2025, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility. See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility contains various customary affirmative and negative covenants, including certain financial covenants and various incurrence-based negative covenants imposing potentially significant restrictions on our operations. These covenants restrict, subject to various exceptions, our ability to, among other things: incur debt (directly or by third-party guarantees), grant liens, pay dividends, make investments and make acquisitions or dispositions. Any of these covenants could make it more difficult for us to execute our business strategy. We may not have access to the capital markets on terms that are acceptable to us or may otherwise be limited in our financing options. We may need or desire to access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. Our access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including, but not limited to, our financial performance, our credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, the liquidity of the overall capital markets and the state of the economy. There can be no assurance that we will have access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to us. In addition, economic conditions, such as volatility or disruption in the credit markets, could adversely affect our ability to obtain financing to support operations or to fund acquisitions or other capital-intensive initiatives. Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, through a family trust, and this control could create conflicts of interest or inhibit potential changes of control. We have two classes of stock: Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to elect 30% of the Board of Directors and to vote, with holders of Class B Common Stock, on the reservation of shares for equity grants, certain material acquisitions and the ratification of the selection of our auditors. Holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to elect the remainder of the Board and to vote on all other matters. Our Class B Common Stock is principally held by descendants of Adolph S. Ochs, who purchased The Times in 1896. A family trust holds approximately 95% of the Class B Common Stock. As a result, the trust has the ability to elect 70% of the Board and to direct the outcome of any matter that does not require a vote of the Class A Common Stock. Under the terms of the trust agreement, the trustees are directed to retain the Class B Common Stock held in trust and to vote such stock against any merger, sale of assets or other transaction pursuant to which control of The Times passes from the trustees, unless they determine that the primary objective of the trust can be achieved better by the implementation of such transaction. Because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our business, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected. P. 24 THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY 
