: RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully the following RISK FACTORS, together with all the other information in this report, including our financial statements and the notes thereto, and in our other public filings with the SEC. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all of the RISK FACTORS described when evaluating our business. This RISK FACTORS section contains references to our capital stock and to our stockholders. Unless expressly stated otherwise, the references to our capital stock represent our common stock and any class or series of preferred stock that may be outstanding from time to time, while the references to our stockholders represent holders of our common stock and any class or series of preferred stock that may be outstanding from time to time. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry In order to grow, we need to continue to acquire investment properties. The acquisition of investment properties may be subject to competitive pressures. We face competition in the acquisition and operation of our properties. We expect competition from businesses, individuals, fiduciary accounts and plans, and other entities engaged in real estate investment and financing. This competition may result in a higher cost for properties we wish to purchase. We may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions, which could result in stockholder dilution and limit our ability to sell or refinance such assets. We have in the past and may in the future acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership units in an operating partnership that, under certain circumstances, may be exchanged for shares of our common stock, resulting in stockholder dilution. This acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation we could deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties, and may require that we agree to restrictions on our ability to dispose of, or refinance the debt on, the acquired properties in order to protect the contributors ability to defer recognition of taxable gain. Similarly, we may be required to incur or maintain debt we would otherwise not incur so we can allocate the debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. If we take any action that causes taxable gain to be allocated to these contributors, we may be required to indemnify them under tax protection agreements. These restrictions could limit our ability to manage, control, sell or refinance an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions. Real estate ownership is subject to particular conditions that may have a negative impact on our revenue. We are subject to all of the inherent risks associated with the ownership of real estate. We face the risk that rental revenue from our properties may be insufficient to cover all corporate operating expenses, debt service payments on indebtedness we incur, and distributions on our capital stock. Additional real estate ownership risks include: Adverse changes in general or local economic conditions; Changes in supply of, or demand for, similar or competing properties; Changes in interest rates and operating expenses (including energy costs, shortages and rationing); Competition within an industry and for our clients; Market rents fluctuations; Inability to re-lease properties upon termination of existing leases; Flat leases, leases with above-market rental rates or renewal of leases at lower rental rates; Inability to collect rental revenue from our clients due to financial hardship, including bankruptcy; Changes in tax, real estate, zoning and environmental laws that may have an adverse impact upon the value of real estate or that may limit or restrict our ability to pass certain management, repair, property, insurance, tax or other costs to our clients; Uninsured property liability; Property damage or casualty losses, including physical or weather-related damage to properties; Expenditures for capital improvements, including requirements to bring properties into compliance with applicable U.S. and non-U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations such as the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, state and local fire and safety regulations, and building performance standards (such as, for example, energy, water, and waste efficiency); The need to periodically renovate and repair our properties including capital expenditures, any of which may be unanticipated or result from changing regulations or building performance standards; Risks assumed as manager or financier for development or redevelopment projects; The potential risk of functional obsolescence of properties over time; 10 Table of Contents The impacts of extreme weather events or climate change and the varying local, state and federal regulatory landscape impacting properties to address the impacts of climate change; and Acts of God, terrorism or war, and other factors beyond the control of our management. Real estate investments are illiquid. We may not be able to acquire or dispose of properties when desired or on favorable terms. Real estate investments are illiquid. Our ability to quickly buy, sell or exchange any of our properties, or to contribute our properties to co-investments, including in response to changes in economic and other conditions, will be limited due to U.S. and non-U.S. tax and regulatory regimes and authorities, competition from other owners of properties that are trying to dispose of their properties and the availability of capital, resourcing, structure for how an investment is acquired or disposed, and/or economic and market conditions. Other factors beyond our control, may impose or have the effect of restricting or limiting our ability to sell or contribute properties. For example, our properties and/or properties we may seek to acquire may be subject to put or call rights, rights of first refusal or offer, and other similar agreements which may limit or hinder our ability to buy, sell or exchange a property. No assurances can be given that we will recognize full value, at a price and terms acceptable to us, for any property we sell or contribute. Our inability to respond rapidly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we have engaged, and expect to continue to engage, in the disposition of properties prior to the maturity date of the related leases or following lease expiration or termination, to help manage and optimize our portfolio and liquidity. No assurances can be given that we will successfully execute these dispositions on favorable terms, or at all, and we may sell a property for less than what we paid, which could result in losses and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage our mergers and acquisitions, and expansion opportunities under prevailing market conditions. We regularly engage in the process of identifying, analyzing, underwriting and negotiating possible transactions. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in consummating future mergers and acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will realize expected cash yields, integration results, operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements, synergies or other benefits. We rely on several resources to assist in underwriting our potential investments and other opportunities, including predictive analytics, which may turn out to be inaccurate. We have historically engaged in, and may again in the future engage in strategic acquisitions of operating businesses, in which case we would be subject to risks related to our ability to successfully underwrite such target's businesses effectively and to combine such target's operations with ours in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenues, synergies or other benefits either in the time frame anticipated or at all. Our inability to consummate acquisitions on such terms, our failure to adequately underwrite and identify risks and obligations when acquiring properties or our failure to realize the intended benefits from acquisitions, could have a significant adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations, including as a result of our incurrence of additional indebtedness and related interest expense and our assumption of unforeseen contingent liabilities in connection with completed acquisitions. We have made and may continue to make acquisitions of properties (including through the use of alternative lease and acquisition structures such as joint ventures, partnerships, funds and other structures) or engage in other revenue-generating businesses that fall outside our historical focus on wholly owned, freestanding, single-tenant, net lease retail locations in the U.S. We may be exposed to a variety of new risks by expanding into new investments, property types (e.g., non-retail businesses), geographies, lease and acquisition structures and clients who engage in non-retail businesses. While we have historically predominantly owned and leased commercial properties under long-term, net lease agreements, as we expand into new verticals, the composition of our lease portfolio may include a higher concentration of alternative lease structures, under which we may be primarily responsible for other expenses and liabilities with respect to the property, including property taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. These risks may be enhanced by our limited experience in managing these new investments or activities, property types, geographies, lease and acquisition structures, clients and the laws and/or culture of non-U.S. geographies. As a property owner, we may be subject to unknown environmental liabilities. Investments in real property can create a potential for environmental liability. We could be subject to liability, including strict liability, by virtue of our ownership interest, for environmental contamination. Laws and regulations governing environmental contamination change and we have been, and in the future may be, subject to liability by virtue of these changes. We can face such liability regardless of our knowledge of the contamination, the timing of the contamination, the cause of the contamination or the party responsible for the contamination of the property. 11 Table of Contents There may be environmental conditions associated with our properties of which we are unaware. Our portfolio includes properties leased to operators of convenience stores that sell petroleum-based fuels, operators of oil change and tune-up facilities and operators that use chemicals and other waste products. These facilities and some of our other properties use, or may have used in the past, underground lifts or storage tanks for the storage of petroleum-based or waste products, which could create a potential for the release of hazardous substances. Certain of our other properties, including those leased for industrial purposes, may also involve operations or activities that could give rise to environmental liabilities or could have been built using asbestos or other building materials that require owners or operators to undertake special precautions including removal, abatement, training or notices. The presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our client's ability to continue to operate that property or our ability to lease or sell that property and we may incur substantial remediation costs or third-party liability claims. Although our leases generally require our clients to operate in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, and to indemnify us against any environmental liabilities arising from the clients activities on the properties, we could nevertheless be subject to liability, including strict liability, by virtue of our ownership interest. There also can be no assurance that our clients could or would satisfy their indemnification obligations under their leases. Further, we acquire properties with existing leases in place and the indemnities and other lease terms can have different indemnification requirements, including for environmental matters, than what is provided for in our leases that we negotiate directly with clients. While we maintain environmental insurance policies, our insurance could be unavailable or insufficient to address an environmental liability and/or we could be unable to obtain insurance for environmental matters at a reasonable cost or at all. The discovery of environmental liabilities attached to our properties could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, our financial condition or our ability to make distributions to stockholders and to pay the principal of and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness. We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with forming and attracting third-party investment in our fund business, investing in new or existing co-investment ventures or funds and managing properties through our fund business or other co-investment ventures. As previously publicly disclosed, we formed and announced closings with respect to our open-end, perpetual life private capital vehicle (the "Fund"), and other joint venture or programmatic relationships. We have and may continue to explore options to form other co-investment ventures, alongside or in addition to the Fund and these joint venture relationships, in the future. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in the Fund or other co-investment ventures. We currently intend to develop and acquire properties through our new fund business and co-investment ventures, and we may also make investments in other entities at our discretion in the future. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts to grow the Fund or these other joint ventures will be successful, that we will be able to form further co-investment ventures on the timeline expected, or at all, that we will successfully attract third-party investments or that additional investments in the Fund or other co-investment ventures to develop or acquire properties in the future will be successful, or that the Fund, the joint venture relationships or other such anticipated fund business or other co-investment ventures will improve our consolidated financial position or results of operations. Further, there can be no assurance that we are able to realize value from our existing or future investments. The Fund or other co-investment ventures are expected to involve additional risks, including compliance risks and additional regulatory risks, that we would not otherwise face, including the risks inherent in owning, operating and managing one or more funds and co-investment ventures, risks related to our ability to negotiate third-party investments, such as valuation, operational limitations, management fee structures and other incentive fees, on terms that are beneficial to us, and the inherent conflicts that may exist in allocating investment opportunities effectively between us, the Fund, joint ventures and such other future co-investment ventures. In addition, we may have primary responsibility for managing co-investment ventures which may require significant attention of management and increase the complexity of our operations. In addition, the same factors that may impact the valuation of our existing portfolio, as otherwise discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may also impact the portfolios to be held by the Fund or co-investment ventures and could result in other than temporary impairment of our investment and a reduction in fee revenues, if any. Our fund business and co-investment ventures may be subject to some, or all of the risks more fully described in "We may engage in development, speculative development, or expansion projects or invest in new asset classes, which would subject us to additional risks that could negatively impact our operations." Such risks may adversely impact the Fund or our other co-investment ventures' financial position or results of operation. 12 Table of Contents We are subject to additional risks from our international investments and debt. We have acquired and may continue to make investments outside of the U.S. These investments may expose us to a variety of risks that are different from and in addition to those commonly found in the U.S. Our international investments and operations are subject to additional risks, including: The laws, rules and regulations applicable in such jurisdictions outside of the U.S., including those related to property ownership, control by foreign entities and the enforcement of our rights and remedies which could be significant; Complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, including anti-financial crime, employment, data protection, such as the General Data Protection Regulation, energy usage, health, safety, environmental regulations which may require capital expenditures to maintain or bring our foreign properties into compliance with applicable regulations and/or may require disclosure of various environmental, social and governance matters and the compliance risks and costs related thereto; Fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the USD (including risks related to their impact on our results of operations, hedging and other derivative arrangements used to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency rates, translational reporting risks and exchange controls); As we may not have or have only a limited number of properties within a jurisdiction, our experience in that market and with local business may be limited, and our operating costs may be disproportionately higher; We may face challenges with expanding into current or new jurisdictions, such as identifying and securing investment opportunities, hiring and retaining employees, extended time periods for acquiring or disposing of investments, which may increase the cost of funding an investment, and potentially experiencing different cultural and business practices related to employees, rent adjustments, ground leases and property ownership requirements and limitations; Challenges in establishing effective systems, infrastructure, controls and procedures to manage and regulate operations in different regions and to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable regulations, such as applicable laws related to corrupt practices, employment, licensing, construction, energy usage, climate change or environmental compliance; Unexpected, new or other changes in regulatory requirements (including disclosure requirements) within jurisdictions outside the U.S., trade disputes between the U.S. and other countries, the possibility of changes to some international trade agreements and other government regulatory actions, including the imposition of tariffs, trade barriers or other protectionist actions; Potentially adverse tax consequences with respect to our properties and/or investment vehicles; Initial limited investments within certain regions or countries may result in industry or client concentration risks; The impact of regional or country-specific business cycles, inflation and economic instability, including deterioration in political relations with the U.S., instability in, or further withdrawals from, the European Union or other international trade alliances or agreements; and Political instability, uncertainty over property rights, civil unrest, acts of war, drug trafficking, political activism or the continuation or escalation of terrorist or gang activities. We also engage external asset, fund and property managers, directors, trustees, contractors, and other third parties who assist with managing our international properties. If such a third party fails to meet its obligations or terminates its services, we may need to find a replacement; however, these services may be on less favorable terms and conditions, or we may not be able to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner or at all. We have incurred and may continue to incur indebtedness that is denominated in local currencies to fund our international investments and operations. However, it is possible that such indebtedness may be insufficient or may be on unacceptable terms requiring us to use non-local currency indebtedness. In such event, we may be subject to foreign exchange rate volatility which may be impacted by various factors, including those described above. While we may enter into hedging and other derivatives instruments to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from these arrangements, or these arrangements may be insufficient to mitigate our exposure. For more information, see We are subject to risks associated with debt and preferred stock financing. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, they could have a significant adverse effect on our operations. 13 Table of Contents We may engage in development, speculative development or expansion projects or invest in new asset classes, which would subject us to additional risks that could negatively impact our operations. We may engage in development, speculative development or other expansion projects, which could require us to raise capital directly or through co-investment ventures and obtain state and local permits. A decision by any governmental agency not to issue a required permit or substantial delays in the permitting process could cause us to incur penalties, subject us to lease termination or delayed/abated rent payments under the leases or prevent us from pursuing the development, speculative development or expansion project altogether. Additionally, any such new development, speculative development, or expansion project may not operate at designed capacity or may cost more to operate or construct than we expect. The inability to successfully complete development, speculative development, expansion or other value-added projects or to complete them on a timely basis could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have and may continue to make investments and utilize transaction structures that are outside of our traditional business, including entering into new asset classes, such as casinos, data centers, power centers, retail parks, loans, and vertical farms, and entering into (or expanding our use of) new transaction structures, such as strategic co-investment ventures, joint ventures, funds, lending, and increased exploration of sale-leaseback transactions. We invest and may continue to invest in new or different assets or enter into new transaction structures that may or may not be closely related to our current business and which could require new or additional processes, controls, systems and personnel, thereby increasing investment expense. These new assets and transaction structures may have new, different or increased risks than what we are currently exposed to in our business and we may not be able to manage these risks successfully which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Such risks include, but are not limited to: When investing in new assets or transaction structures, we will be exposed to the risk that those assets or structures, or the income generated thereby, will affect our ability to meet the requirements to maintain our REIT status, or will subject us to additional regulatory requirements or limitations; New investment verticals may be outside our core expertise and subject our investments to new and different business risks and exposures; New investment verticals or transaction structures may be more inherently speculative or carry a higher degree of risk to us than our traditional investment verticals or transaction structures, thereby potentially increasing our overall risk profile and volatility; Lending and related transaction structures may subject us to new regulatory regimes, more attenuated remedies and recourse, and compliance risk; Our partners or investors may have been granted certain approval rights over major decisions, or have the ability to appoint persons to governing bodies or the ability for us to compete in certain verticals or industries, or provide for rights of first offer or first refusal to such parties that could adversely impact our operations; In general and subject to the terms of the applicable governing documents, our partners or investors may request to exit or redeem their investment, and may do so simultaneously, causing the venture or fund to seek capital to satisfy these requirements which may be on less than optimal terms; If our partners or investors fail to fund their share of any required capital contributions, then we may choose to contribute such capital or the venture or fund may have to raise additional capital or incur indebtedness on less than optimal terms; Our partners or investors may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals that would affect our ability to operate the venture or fund and adversely impact our consolidated financial position or results of operations; The venture or fund or other governing agreements may restrict the transfer of an interest in the co-investment venture or fund or in the underlying assets or may otherwise restrict our ability to sell the interest or underlying assets when we desire or on advantageous terms; Our agreements may contain certain exclusivity provisions or other restrictive covenants that may limit our flexibility to respond to other opportunities or financings or to optimize the terms of other transactions; Our relationships with our partners or investors are likely to be contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the agreements, and in such event, the venture or fund may terminate or we may not continue to invest in or manage the assets underlying such relationships resulting in a decrease in our assets under management and a reduction in fee revenues; and Disputes between us and our partners or investors may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business and result in subjecting the properties owned by the applicable co-investment venture or fund to additional risk. 14 Table of Contents Our loans and investments, including in subordinated debt, expose us to risks associated with debt-oriented real estate investments generally. We invest in debt instruments relating to real estate-related assets, which subject us to additional potential risks, including with respect to fluctuations in the value of the underlying assets, the risks of delinquency or defaults by borrowers, increased regulatory burdens or risks associated with lending, fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads, loan repayment timing, the limitations on our rights with respect to, or control of, the underlying assets, risk of cost overruns, and increased illiquidity of the investments in light of the limited market for such investments. In addition, certain of our investments in debt instruments are subordinated, which can significantly reduce our ability to control decisions with respect to underlying assets or foreclosure, and, if a borrower were to default, the claims under our debt instrument would only be satisfied after senior debt is paid in full. As a result, a partial loss in the value of the underlying collateral can result in a total loss of the value of the debt instruments. For more information regarding the risks related to defaults by our borrowers, see ---The bankruptcy or insolvency of a client, borrower or guarantor could result in the termination of the lease agreement, loan agreement, or guarantee, as applicable. We may face extensive regulations from gaming and other regulatory authorities regarding current and future gaming properties. As a landlord of a gaming facility or future gaming facilities, we may be impacted by the risks associated with the gaming industry. The ownership, operation, and management of gaming facilities are subject to extensive regulation. Gaming authorities also retain great discretion such that gaming regulations can impact our gaming clients, individuals associated with the operation of gaming properties, and us as the owner of the real estate and landlord related to such facilities. Gaming laws and regulations can impact all facets of a gaming property, including but not limited to gaming, service and consumption of alcoholic beverages, hours of operation, staffing and licensing of employees, marketing, currency transactions including compliance with the Foreign Corruption Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws and safety and security of the gaming property. Such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted, which could adversely affect our operating results, and may also result in additional taxes or licensing fees imposed on us and our gaming clients. In addition, subject to certain administrative due process requirements, gaming regulators generally have broad authority to conduct investigations into the conduct or associations of our officers or certain investors to ensure compliance with applicable standards and suitability to hold a gaming license, and to deny any application or limit, condition, restrict, revoke, or suspend any gaming license, registration, or finding of suitability or approval, or fine any person licensed, registered, or found suitable or qualified as a licensee. As a result, our ability to obtain or maintain our required licenses and approvals, or avoid penalties related thereto, may be subject to risks, including risks outside of our control, and cannot be predicted. Were a client unable to continue to perform under a lease because of the highly regulated nature of the industry, it may be difficult to re-lease gaming properties. This difficulty may be exacerbated to the extent the gaming property is located in a geography that does not have an expansive gaming footprint, such as one of the properties, in which we are invested. A transfer of interest, or a new management contract with a new operator will likely require approval of regulators and the licensing of a new gaming operator client. Property taxes may increase without notice. Real estate property taxes on our properties (including properties we develop or acquire) may increase as property tax rates change and as those properties are assessed or reassessed by tax authorities. While the majority of our leases are under a net lease structure, some or all of such property taxes may not be collectible from our clients, and, as we continue to expand into new verticals, the concentration of our leases under which we are primarily responsible for property taxes may increase, enhancing our exposure to such risks. An uninsured loss or a loss that exceeds the policy limits on our properties could subject us to lost capital or revenue on those properties. Our leases generally require our clients to indemnify and hold us harmless from liabilities resulting from injury to persons, air, water, land or property, due to activities conducted on the properties, except for claims arising from the negligence or intentional misconduct of us or our agents. Additionally, clients are generally required, at the client s expense, to obtain and keep in full force during the term of the lease, general liability and property damage insurance policies. The insurance policies our clients are required to maintain for property damage are generally in amounts not less than the full replacement cost of the improvements less slab, foundations, supports and other customarily excluded improvements. Many of our properties are also covered by flood and earthquake insurance policies (subject to substantial deductibles) obtained and paid for by our clients as part of their risk management programs. Additionally, we have 15 Table of Contents obtained blanket liability, flood and earthquake, and property damage insurance policies (subject to substantial deductibles) to protect us and our properties against loss should the indemnities and insurance policies provided by the clients fail to restore the properties to their condition prior to a loss. We do not carry insurance for certain losses and certain types of losses may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable. However, should a loss occur that is uninsured or in an amount exceeding the combined aggregate limits for the policies noted above, or in the event of a loss that is subject to a substantial deductible under an insurance policy, we could lose all or part of our capital invested in, and anticipated revenue from, one or more of the properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition and on our ability to pay the principal of and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders. We also face the risk that our insurance carriers may not be able to provide payment under any potential claims that might arise under the terms of our insurance policies, and we may not have the ability to purchase insurance policies we desire. In addition, although we obtain title insurance policies on our properties to help protect us and our properties against title defects (such as adverse claims of ownership, liens or other encumbrances), there may be certain title defects that our title insurance will not cover. If a material title defect related to any of our properties is not adequately covered by a title insurance policy, we could lose some or all of our capital invested in and our anticipated profits from such property, cause a financial misstatement or damage our reputation. Changing and increasing expectations from regulators and other stakeholders regarding sustainability practices and reporting could impact our business practices, cause us to incur additional costs and expose us to new risks. We seek to promote effective energy efficiency and other sustainability strategies and compliance with federal, state and international laws and regulations related to climate change, both internally and with our partners across our value chain, including with our clients. Our sustainability strategies and efforts to comply with the various federal, state and international laws and regulations related to climate change could result in significant capital expenditures to improve our existing properties, properties we may acquire, and other business practices. Any changes to such laws and regulations could also result in increased operating costs or capital expenditures at our properties. If we are unable to comply with laws and regulations on climate change or implement effective sustainability strategies, our reputation among our clients and investors may be damaged and we may incur fines and/or penalties. Clients of net-leased properties are typically responsible for maintenance and other day-to-day management of the properties. This lack of control over our net-leased properties makes it difficult for us to collect property-level environmental data and to enforce related initiatives, which may impact our ability to comply with certain shareholder expectations or regulatory disclosure requirements to which we are subject or to comply with reporting frameworks or other established frameworks and standards. If we are unable to successfully collect the data necessary to comply with these disclosure requirements, standards or expectations, we may be subject to increased regulatory risk, or if such data is incomplete or unfavorable, our relationship with our investors or other stakeholders, our stock price, and our access to capital may be negatively impacted. Additionally, our sustainability disclosures may reflect aspirational goals, targets, and other expectations and assumptions, which are necessarily uncertain and may not be realized. If we fail to satisfy the environmental, social, and governance expectations of investors, clients and other stakeholders, our initiatives are not executed as planned, or we do not satisfy our goals, then our third-party ratings, reputation and financial results could be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that any of our sustainability strategies will result in reduced operating costs, higher occupancy or higher rental rates or deter our existing clients from relocating to properties owned by our competitors. In addition, both advocates and opponents to certain sustainability matters are increasingly resorting to a range of activism forms, including shareholder proposals, media campaigns and litigation, to advance their perspectives. To the extent we are subject to such activism, it may require us to incur costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the price of our stock and our financial condition and results of operations. The value of certain of our investment in real property may be reduced as the result of the expiration or loss of local tax abatements, tax credit programs or other governmental incentives. Certain of our investments have the benefit of governmental tax incentives aimed at inducing property users to relocate to incentivize development in areas and neighborhoods which have not historically seen robust commercial development. These incentives typically have specific sunset provisions and may be subject to governmental discretion in the eligibility or award of the applicable incentives. The expiration of these incentive programs or the inability of potential clients or users to be eligible for or to obtain governmental approval of the incentives, or the inability to remain compliant with such programs, may have an adverse effect on the value of our investment, cash flow and net income, and may result in impairment charges. 16 Table of Contents Our business is subject to risks associated with climate change. Our business is subject to risks associated with the effects of climate change and a market shift to a lower carbon economy and may be subject to further risks in the future. A failure to adequately adapt to climate change could adversely affect our business through both chronic and acute perils including, but not limited to, extreme weather, changes in precipitation and temperature, and rising sea levels, all of which may result in physical damage to, or a decrease in demand for, our properties located in the areas affected by these conditions, and may adversely impact consumer behaviors, preferences and spending for our clients, and insurance costs, which may impact their ability to fulfill their obligations under our leases, or our ability to re-lease the properties in the future. In addition, should the impact of climate change be severe or occur for lengthy periods of time, connectivity, labor and supply chains could impact business continuity for ourselves and our clients. The effects of climate change may lead to increased costs for us and our clients to adapt to the demands and expectations of lowering our carbon footprint, including with respect to setting carbon reduction targets, implementing renewable energy, retrofitting properties to be more energy efficient and implementing longer-term low-carbon solutions. These risks could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition or results of operations. The structure of our leasing contracts and operating model presents challenges in partnering with clients to implement necessary decarbonization initiatives. Risks Related to Our REIT Structure If we fail to qualify as a REIT, it could adversely impact us, and the amount of dividends we are able to pay would decrease, which could adversely affect the market price of our capital stock and the value of our debt securities. We are organized and have operated, and we intend to continue to operate, so as to qualify as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). However, we cannot make any assurances that we have been organized or have operated in a manner that has satisfied the requirements for qualification as a REIT, or that we will continue to be organized or operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT. Qualification as a REIT involves the satisfaction of numerous requirements under highly technical and complex Code provisions, for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations, as well as the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. Compliance with these tests may limit our ability to engage in certain activities or make certain otherwise attractive investments which may limit our opportunities and strategy. As we expand into new geographies and transactional structures, REIT qualification and our ability to ensure such qualification becomes more complex. For example, in order to qualify as a REIT, at least 95% of our gross income in each year must be derived from qualifying sources, and we must pay distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our taxable income (excluding net capital gains). If we fail to satisfy any of the requirements for qualification as a REIT, we may be subject to certain penalty taxes or, in some circumstances, we may fail to qualify as a REIT. If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, among other things, we would be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on our taxable income; we would not be allowed a deduction for amounts distributed to our stockholders in computing our taxable income; we could be subject to a federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; we would be disqualified from electing treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost; and we would no longer be required to make distributions to stockholders. Loss of our REIT status would substantially reduce amounts available for investment or distribution to stockholders because of the additional tax liability for the years involved, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our capital stock and the value of our debt securities. Even if we qualify for and maintain our REIT status, we may be subject to certain federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxes on our income and property. For example, if we have net income from a prohibited transaction, that income will be subject to a 100% tax. In addition, our taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to federal, state and, in some cases, non-U.S. taxes at the applicable tax rates on their income and property. Any failure to comply with legal and regulatory tax obligations could adversely affect our ability to conduct business and could adversely affect the market price of our capital stock and the value of our debt securities. Changes in U.S. or non-U.S. tax laws and regulations, including changes to tax rates and legislative or other actions may adversely affect us or our investors. Federal income taxation laws are constantly under review and may change. Additionally, the governments of many of the other countries in which we operate may enact changes to the tax laws of such countries. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could adversely affect us or our investors, including holders of our common stock or debt securities. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect us or our investors. New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us as well as the amount of tax we are required to pay. Also, 17 Table of Contents the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. In addition, the tax treatment of certain of our sale-leaseback transactions could change, which could make such sale-leaseback transactions less attractive to potential sellers and lessees and negatively impact our operations. Distribution requirements imposed by law limit our flexibility. To maintain our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we generally are required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our taxable income, excluding net capital gains, each year. We also are subject to tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we distribute less than 100% of our taxable income (including net capital gains) each year. In addition, we are subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax to the extent that we fail to distribute during any calendar year at least the sum of 85% of our ordinary income for that calendar year, 95% of our capital gain net income for that calendar year and any amount of that income that was not distributed in prior years. We intend to continue to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the distribution requirements of the Code as well as to reduce our exposure to federal income taxes and the nondeductible excise tax. Differences in timing between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses to arrive at taxable income, along with the effect of required debt amortization payments, could require us to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for such transactions, in order to meet the distribution requirements that are necessary to achieve the tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT. If our cash flows are not sufficient to cover our REIT distribution requirements, it could adversely impact our ability to raise short- and long-term debt, sell assets or offer equity securities in order to fund the distributions required to maintain our qualification and taxation as a REIT. Furthermore, the REIT distribution requirements may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, which would increase our total leverage. In addition, if we fail to comply with certain asset tests at the end of any calendar quarter, we must generally correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. These actions may reduce our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. Our charter contains restrictions upon ownership of our common stock. Our charter contains restrictions on ownership and transfer of our common stock intended to, among other purposes, assist us in maintaining our status as a REIT for U.S. federal and/or state income tax purposes. For example, our charter restricts any person from acquiring beneficial or constructive ownership of more than 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding shares of common stock. These restrictions could have anti-takeover effects and could reduce the possibility that a third party will attempt to acquire control of us, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Risks Related to Our Clients Our success is dependent on the financial stability of our clients. The success of our business is dependent on the financial stability of the clients occupying our properties. A default of a client on its lease payments may cause us to lose anticipated revenue from an investment property. Negative market conditions, global economic and political uncertainties or adverse events affecting our existing or potential clients or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new clients, re-lease space, collect rent or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations, our ability to maintain or increase our current dividend levels and inhibit growth. Cash flow from operations and our ability to maintain or increase our current dividend levels depends in part on our ability to lease space to our clients on economically favorable terms and to collect rent from our clients on a timely basis. We may be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as: Lack of demand in areas where our properties are located; Inability to retain existing clients and attract new clients; Oversupply of space and changes in market rental rates; Declines in our clients creditworthiness and ability to pay rent, which may be affected by their operations (including as a result from changes in consumer behaviors or preferences impacting our clients' operations), economic downturns and competition within their industries from other operators; Defaults by and bankruptcies of clients, failure of clients to pay rent on a timely basis, or failure of our clients to comply with their contractual obligations; Changes in laws, rules or regulations that negatively impact us, our clients or our properties; Global economic (e.g., inflation, fluctuations in interest rates or foreign exchange rates, economic downturns or recessions), political and financial market conditions including as a result of geopolitical tensions and instability; 18 Table of Contents Trade disputes, supply chain disruptions, the possibility of changes to international trade agreements, tariffs and other regulatory actions; Epidemics or pandemics that affect regions in which our clients operate in; Changes in consumer behaviors (e.g., decrease in discretionary consumer spending), preferences or demographics impacting our clients' operations; Economic or physical decline of the areas where the properties are located; and Deterioration of physical condition of our properties. If clients do not renew their leases as they expire, we may not be able to rent or sell the properties. Leases that are renewed and new leases for properties that are re-leased, or leases that we assume as part of portfolio acquisitions or strategic mergers and acquisitions can have terms that are less economically favorable than expiring terms or leases that we negotiate directly, may require us to incur significant costs such as renovations, or lease transaction costs. Negative market conditions may cause us to sell properties for less than their carrying value, which could result in impairments. Any of these events could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and service our indebtedness. A significant portion of the costs of owning property, such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance, are not necessarily reduced when circumstances cause a decrease in rental revenue from the properties. In a weakened financial condition, our clients may not be able to pay these costs of ownership and we may be unable to recover these operating expenses from them. Downturns in any of the industries in which our clients operate as well as high interest rates, inflation and the imposition of tariffs, could adversely affect our clients, which in turn could also have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and our ability to pay the principal of and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness and to make distributions on our common stock and any outstanding preferred stock. In addition, some of our properties are leased to clients that may have limited financial and other resources and, therefore, they are more likely to be adversely affected by a downturn in their respective businesses or in the regional, national or international economy. Furthermore, we have made and may continue to make investments that fall outside of our historical focus on acquiring freestanding, single-tenant, net lease retail properties located in the U.S. As a result, we are exposed to a variety of new risks by expanding into new investments, co-investment ventures, development, industries, property types, revenue-generating activities and/or new jurisdictions outside the U.S. These risks may include limited experience in managing certain types of new properties, engaging in new types of revenue-generating activities, new types of real estate locations and lease structures (including with respect to multi-tenant properties or other leases structures that are not net lease), new co-investment ventures, and the laws and culture of non-U.S. jurisdictions. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a client, borrower or guarantor could result in the termination of the lease agreement, loan agreement, or guarantee, as applicable. We are subject to the credit risk of our clients, borrowers and guarantors in connection with their rental and other financial obligations owed to us under applicable leases, loans, guarantees, and other financing agreements. There can be no assurance that our clients and borrowers will make their payments and not default on their obligations to us. Clients, borrowers, or guarantors may experience a downturn in their business that may weaken their operating results or overall financial condition. As a result, a client may delay lease commencement, fail to make rental payments when due, decline to extend a lease upon its expiration, fail to maintain the property or otherwise pay its required expenses under the terms of the lease, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Client, borrower, or guarantor bankruptcy or insolvency, payment delay or failure to make payments when due could result in the termination of applicable leases, loans, guarantees, and other financing agreements and material losses to us. The occurrence of a bankruptcy or insolvency could diminish or eliminate the income we receive from our leases, loans, guarantees, and other financing agreements. A bankruptcy court could authorize a client to terminate one or more of its leases with us. If that happens, our claim against the bankrupt client for unpaid future rent would be subject to statutory limitations that most likely would result in payments substantially less than the remaining rent we are owed under the leases or we may elect not to pursue claims against a client for terminated leases. Claims for unpaid past rent, if any, may not be paid in full, or at all. Client bankruptcies affecting a property may also adversely impact our ability to quickly re-lease that property at favorable terms, or at all. If a client s leases are not terminated as the result of its bankruptcy, we may be required or elect to reduce the rent payable under those leases or provide other concessions, reducing amounts we receive under those leases. As a result, client bankruptcies may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Any of these events could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders and service our indebtedness. 19 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Liquidity and Capital Resources Future issuances of equity securities could dilute the interest of holders of our common stock. Our future growth will depend upon our ability to raise additional capital. Raising capital through the issuance of equity securities, including securities exchangeable into our equity securities or convertible debt securities, can dilute the interests of holders of our common stock. The interests of our common stockholders could also be diluted by the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to equity incentive plans. Our Board of Directors is authorized to cause us to issue preferred stock of any class or series with dividend, voting and other rights as determined by our Board which could dilute, or otherwise adversely affect, the holders of our common stock. We are subject to risks associated with debt and preferred stock financing. We have incurred significant indebtedness, including borrowings under our $4.0 billion unsecured credit facilities, our term loans and our $3.0 billion commercial paper programs. As of December 31, 2025, we have borrowed an aggregate of approximately $1.7 billion in multicurrency borrowings under our term loans. As of December 31, 2025, we also had a total of $25.3 billion of outstanding unsecured senior debt securities (excluding unamortized net original issuance premiums, deferred financing costs and basis adjustments on interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges), including approximately $5.4 billion denominated in Sterling (of which $1.2 billion is related to our privately placed Sterling notes), $2.8 billion denominated in Euro thereunder, and approximately $37.9 million of outstanding mortgage debt (excluding unamortized net discounts and deferred financing costs). We intend to incur additional indebtedness in the future which may be pursuant to accordion expansion features of our revolving credit and term loan facilities, the Fund, mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships and other structures or arrangements. We also may in the future increase the size of our commercial paper programs or establish new commercial paper programs. We expect that we will continue to use our current and any new revolving credit facilities we may enter into (in each case as the same may be expanded, amended or restated, if applicable, from time to time), as a liquidity backstop for the repayment of notes issued under our current or any new commercial paper programs. We may in the future amend and restate current indebtedness or incur or assume other indebtedness for us, the Fund, and other co-investments which may increase the amounts we are entitled to borrow and amounts owned. To the extent new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face would increase. As a result, we are and will be subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow could be insufficient to make required payments on our debt or to pay dividends on our common stock. We also face variable interest rate risk as the interest rates on our revolving credit facility, term loan facilities, and commercial paper programs are variable (subject to our interest rate swaps on our term loan facilities, in effect from time to time), and the interest rates on any credit facilities and term loan facilities we may enter into in the future may be variable, and could therefore increase over time. Commercial paper borrowings are short-term obligations and the interest rate on newly issued commercial paper varies according to market conditions at the time of issuance. While we may enter into hedging and other derivatives instruments to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in borrowing and currency rates, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from these arrangements or they may be insufficient to fully mitigate our exposure. We also face the risk that we may be unable to refinance or repay our debt as it comes due. Given past disruptions in the financial markets and ongoing global financial uncertainties, we also face the risk that one or more of the participants in our revolving credit facility may be unwilling or unable to lend us money. We have incurred and may continue to incur indebtedness that is denominated in local currencies to fund our international investments and operations. However, it is possible that such indebtedness may be insufficient or may be on unacceptable terms requiring us to use non-local currency indebtedness. In such event, we may be subject to foreign exchange rate volatility. While we may enter into hedging and other derivatives instruments to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from these arrangements or these arrangements may be insufficient to mitigate our exposure. Our credit agreements, mortgages and other debt documents could limit or, in certain cases, prohibit the payment of dividends and other distributions to holders of our common stock and any outstanding preferred stock. For example, the credit agreements governing our revolving credit facility and term loans generally provide that, if an event of default exists, we may not pay any dividends or make other distributions on, or repurchase or redeem, among other things, any shares of our common stock or any outstanding preferred stock. If such an event of default were to occur (including under any other credit agreement or debt instrument with similar terms that we may, in the future, enter into or be subject to), it would likely have a material adverse effect on the market price of our outstanding common stock and any outstanding preferred stock and on the market value of our debt securities which could limit 20 Table of Contents the amount of dividends or other distributions payable to holders of our common stock and any outstanding preferred stock or the amount of interest and principal we are able to pay on our indebtedness, or prevent us from paying those dividends, other distributions, interest or principal altogether, and may adversely affect our ability to qualify, or prevent us from qualifying, as a REIT. Our indebtedness could also have other important consequences to holders of our common stock, outstanding preferred stock, and our debt securities, including: increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements; requiring the use of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations for the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate requirements; limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and putting us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors with less indebtedness. If we default under a credit facility, loan agreement or other debt instrument, the lenders will generally have the right to demand immediate repayment of the principal and interest on all of their loans and, in the case of secured indebtedness, to exercise their rights to seize and sell the collateral. Moreover, a default under a single loan or debt instrument may trigger cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions in other indebtedness and debt instruments, giving the holders of such other indebtedness and debt instruments similar rights to demand immediate repayment and to seize and sell any collateral. General RISK FACTORS The market value and trading volume of our capital stock and debt securities could be substantially affected by various factors. The market value and trading volume of our capital stock and debt securities will depend on many factors, which may change from time to time and may be outside of our control, including: Interest rates, increases in which may have an adverse effect on the market value of our capital stock and debt securities, inflation and foreign exchange rates; The market for similar securities issued by other REITs; General economic, political and financial market conditions; The financial condition, performance and prospects of us, our clients and our competitors; Changes in tax, legal and regulatory laws and obligations; Litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings; Changes in credit ratings, financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts with respect to us, our competitors or our industry; Tariffs, trade disputes, geopolitical tensions and instability, and other macroeconomic developments; Changes in our mix of investments and revenue-generating activities over time; Actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results of us and our competitors; and Failure to achieve the perceived benefits of mergers, acquisitions, co-investment ventures, new verticals, or other revenue-generating activities. Common stock and debt securities prices in the U.S. trading markets have experienced extreme price fluctuations, and the market values of our common stock and debt securities have also fluctuated significantly during this period. Current or historical trading volumes and share prices may not be indicative of the future trading volumes and prices. As a result of these and other factors, investors who purchase our capital stock and debt securities may experience a decrease in the market value of our capital stock and debt securities, which could be substantial and rapid, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. Further, net lease REITs must be able to deploy capital with agility and consistency, if we cannot access the capital markets upon favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to acquire investments upon favorable terms or at all and may be required to liquidate investments, including investments that have not yet realized maximum return, which could result in adverse tax consequences and/or adversely affect our ability to meet cash flow and other operational needs. Turmoil in the capital markets could lead to decreased consumer confidence and widespread reduction of business activity, adversely impacting our clients and us. 21 Table of Contents Litigation risks could affect our business. From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings, lawsuits, claims, regulatory inquiries, investigations, and other disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business. As our business has evolved and the scope and complexity of our operations and transactions have increased, including through mergers, acquisitions, development opportunities, dispositions, joint ventures, co-investment ventures, private capital transactions, debt investments, funds and other strategic transactions, we may be subject to an increased risk of litigation and other claims. Such matters may involve, among other things, contractual disputes, fiduciary duty claims, compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and building performance standards and related enforcement) and disagreements with partners, investors, clients or other counterparties. An unfavorable resolution of any such matter could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Regardless of outcome, litigation and related proceedings and investigations may result in substantial costs and expenses, be time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and brand, and significantly divert management and personnel attention and other resources. We depend on key personnel. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees and the loss of their services could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. We may not be able to recruit personnel with the experience of departing personnel or with the experience needed to manage the complexity of our business and it may be difficult to retain employees to the same extent as in the past. Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of violence or war or other unexpected events may affect the value of our debt and equity securities, the markets in which we operate and our results of operations. Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of violence or war or other unexpected events (e.g., pandemics or epidemics) may negatively affect our operations, the market price of our capital stock and the value of our debt securities. There can be no assurance that these events will not occur or have a direct impact on us, our clients, the U.S. or world. If events like these were to occur, they could materially interrupt our operations, cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the U.S. and worldwide financial markets and economy. They also could result in or prolong an economic recession in the U.S. or abroad. Any of these occurrences could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results and revenues and on the market price of our capital stock and on the value of our debt securities. It could also have an adverse effect on our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt securities or other indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders. We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business. We, like all businesses, are subject to cyberattacks and security incidents, which threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and information resources. Cyberattacks are malicious cyber activity and a security incident is a successful cyberattack that has the potential to expose sensitive data, internal systems or otherwise disrupt business operations. Those cyberattacks and security incidents may be due to intentional or unintentional acts by employees, contractors or third parties, who seek to gain unauthorized access to our or our service providers systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information through malware, computer viruses, ransomware, social engineering (e.g., phishing attachments to e-mails) or other vectors. The risk of a cybersecurity breach or operational disruption, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks (including through the use of artificial intelligence) and intrusions from around the world have increased, particularly as remote working has become more common. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our clients. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. While we maintain some of our own critical IT networks and related systems, we depend on third parties to provide important software, technologies, tools and a broad array of services and functions, such as payroll, human resources, electronic communications, data storage and certain finance and treasury functions, among others. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, process, transmit and store sensitive data within our own systems and utilize those of third-party providers, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our clients, suppliers, business partners and investors as well as personally identifiable information. 22 Table of Contents Our measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats may not be successful in preventing a security incident or data breach or limiting the effects of such a breach. This is particularly so because cyberattack methodologies change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and we also may be unable to investigate or remediate incidents because attackers are increasingly using techniques and tools designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. Our clients, joint venture partners, investors or other third parties with whom we do business may, themselves, become subject to cyberattacks or security incident which we may have no control, and which could have an indirect adverse impact on them, us or our business relationship. The primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyberattack or security incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationship with our clients, reputational damage and private data exposure. We could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to address an attack or incident, which may not be covered or fully covered by our insurance, and which may involve payments for investigations, forensic analyses, legal advice, public relations advice, system repair or replacement or other services, in addition to any remedies or relief that may result from legal proceedings. Our financial results may be negatively impacted by any such cyberattacks and security incidents or any resulting negative media attention. Although we carry cyber liability insurance, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses related to such events. Further, we also rely on innovation in our IT and our use of or inability to adopt and deliver new technological capabilities and enhancements in line with strategic objectives, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, may put us at a competitive disadvantage (including delayed implementation and utilization that causes us to lag behind our competitors); cause us to miss opportunities to innovate or achieve efficiencies; or adversely impact our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. The use of emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence, entails risks including risks relating to the possibility of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation; data privacy; potential for inaccuracy; bias; new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, requirements, litigation, or other liability; ethical concerns; negative perceptions as to automation and artificial intelligence; cybersecurity concerns; or other complications or liabilities that could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, or financial results. Volatility in market and economic conditions may impact the accuracy of the various estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements and footnotes to the financial statements. Various estimates are used in the preparation of our financial statements, including estimates related to asset and liability valuations (or potential impairments) and receivables. Often these estimates require the use of market data values and involve estimates of future performance or receivables and collectability, all of which can be difficult to accurately predict. Although management believes it has been prudent and used reasonable judgment in making these estimates, it is possible that actual results may differ from these estimates. Inherent limitations of internal controls over financial statements, disclosure controls and safeguarding of assets may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and our operating internal controls may not prevent or detect financial misstatements or loss of assets because of inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement and disclosure accuracy and safeguarding of assets. Failures in our internal controls could result in adverse consequences in our financial reporting and operations, including delays, additional costs, impairment of our ability to access capital, adverse impacts to investor confidence, regulatory investigation and review and/or litigation. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and any outstanding preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness, and to fund acquisitions and capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot make any assurances that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our common stock and any outstanding preferred stock, to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us and the market price of our common stock and may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital. Historically, there have been periods where the global equity and credit markets have experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which have caused market prices of equity and debt securities to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances 23 Table of Contents have materially impacted liquidity in the financial markets, making terms for certain financings less attractive and, in certain cases, have resulted in the unavailability of certain types of financing. Uncertainty in the equity and credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional financing at reasonable terms, which may adversely affect our ability to make acquisitions. A prolonged downturn in the equity or credit markets may cause us to refinance at higher rates, cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing and require us to adjust our business plan accordingly. These factors may make it more difficult for us to buy or sell properties and may adversely affect the price we purchase or receive for properties, as we and prospective buyers may experience increased costs of financing or difficulties in obtaining financing. These events in the equity and credit markets may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of common stock, preferred stock or debt securities. These disruptions in the financial markets may also have a material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock and debt securities, the income we receive from our properties and the lease rates we can charge for our properties, as well as other unknown adverse effects on us or the economy in general. Inflation (including prolonged inflationary periods) may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Increased inflation or anticipated inflationary periods, such as the period in which we are currently in, could have a more pronounced negative impact on any variable rate debt we incur in the future and on our results of operations. During times when inflation is greater than increases in rent, as provided for in our leases, rent increases may not k
