. RISK FACTORS. Below is a summary of the principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our company risky. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained further below. Risks Related to Our Operations If we do not manage our supply chain effectively, our operating results may be adversely affected, and any increases in material, labor, supplier, logistics and other operating costs, or supply chain delays and shortages, could lower our margins or result in lost sales. Variations in the amount of time it takes for us to sell our systems may cause fluctuations in our operating results, which could cause our stock price to decline. We are subject to order and shipment uncertainties. Our profitability will decline if we fail to accurately forecast customer demand when managing inventory. If we deliver systems with defects, our credibility will be harmed, and the sales and market acceptance of our systems will decrease. Our integrated metrology systems are integrated with systems sold independently by wafer fabrication equipment suppliers, and a decrease in sales by these suppliers, or the development of competing systems by these suppliers, could harm our business. We must attract and retain experienced senior executives and other key personnel with knowledge of semiconductor device manufacturing and inspection, metrology or lithography equipment and related software to help support our future growth, and competition for such personnel in our industry is high. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our revenue. We outsource select manufacturing activities to third-party service providers, which decreases our control over the performance of these functions, may result in lower quality and functionality of our products, and exposes us to additional supply chain risks. Our ability to fulfill our backlog may have an effect on our long-term ability to procure contracts and fulfill current contracts. We recently implemented a new enterprise resource planning system. Our failure to effectively operate and maintain the new system could have a material adverse effect on us. The use or anticipated use of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, by us or third parties may increase or create new operational risks. Risks Related to Our Customers Our largest customers account for a substantial portion of our revenue, and our revenue and cash flows could decline considerably if one or more of these customers were to purchase significantly fewer of our systems or delay or cancel a large order. Risks Related to Product Development If we are not successful in developing new and enhanced products for the semiconductor device manufacturing industry, we will lose sales and market share to our competitors. If new products developed by us do not gain general market acceptance, we will be unable to generate revenue and recover our investments, which may result in a write down of inventory. Even if we are able to develop new products that gain market acceptance, sales of these new products could impair our ability to sell existing products. If our relationships with our large customers deteriorate, our product development activities could be adversely affected. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Data Security We may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property and, therefore, lose our competitive advantage. 11 Table of Contents Protection of our intellectual property rights, or the efforts of third parties to enforce their own intellectual property rights against us, may result in costly and time-consuming litigation, substantial damages, lost product sales and/or the loss of important intellectual property rights. If our network security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer s data, to our data, or to our information technology systems, we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities and may experience disruptions in our operations. Compliance with data protection laws may be costly and may impede development of new products, and any failure to comply with, or inquiries under, these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Competition Some of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater resources than we do, and increased competition could impair sales of our products or cause us to reduce our prices. Because of the high cost of switching equipment vendors in our markets, it is sometimes difficult for us to win new customers from our competitors even if our systems are superior to theirs. Risks Related to Our International Operations Tariffs, export regulations, and other market barriers have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to compete for the business of domestic customers in China and other jurisdictions which has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our, business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to compliance with domestic and foreign laws and regulations, and the burden of complying with such laws and regulations, or any failure to comply, has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Political and economic instability may result in reduced demand for our products. Natural disasters, changes in climate, public health crises, and geo-political conflicts could materially adversely affect our worldwide operations (or those of our business partners). We may face difficulties in staffing and managing foreign branch operations due to political tensions or cultural differences. Currency fluctuations may impact our international sales or expose us to exchange rate risk. Our internal controls with respect to anti-corruption laws may not be effective, and any failure to comply with such laws may result in severe sanctions and liabilities, which may negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Risks Related to Laws, Legal Proceedings, Financial Markets and the Environment Changes in tax rates or tax liabilities could affect results. Turmoil or fluctuations in the credit markets and the financial services industry may negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, and our factoring arrangements may expose us to additional risks. We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations may impact our business, operating results and financial condition. Legal proceedings, claims and investigations may expose us to increased costs and may negatively affect our business and results of operations. Risks Related to Growth and Acquisitions Integrating Semilab USA s business may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected, and we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, which may adversely affect our business results and negatively affect the value of our common stock. 12 Table of Contents We may choose to acquire or invest in new and complementary businesses, products or technologies instead of developing them ourselves, and we may be unable to complete these acquisitions or may not be able to successfully integrate an acquired business in a cost-effective and non-disruptive manner. If we cannot effectively manage growth, our business may suffer. Risks Related to the Global Economy and the Semiconductor Industry Cyclicality in the semiconductor device industry has led to substantial decreases in demand for our systems in the past and may, from time to time, continue to do so. Our future rate of growth is highly dependent on the development and growth of the market for microelectronic device inspection, lithography and metrology equipment. General RISK FACTORS Provisions of our charter documents and of Delaware law could discourage potential acquisition proposals and/or delay, deter or prevent a change in control of our company. Our stock price is volatile. Risks Related to Our Operations If we do not manage our supply chain effectively, our operating results may be adversely affected, and any increases in material, labor, supplier, logistics and other operating costs, or supply chain delays and shortages, could lower our margins or result in lost sales. We need to continually evaluate our global supply chain and assess opportunities to reduce costs. We must also enhance quality, speed and flexibility to meet changing demand for our products and product mix and uncertain market conditions. Our success also depends in part on refining our cost structure and supply chains so that we have flexibility and can maintain and improve profitability. Recent changes in the tariff environment may continue to cause fluctuation in our costs. If we are unable to successfully negotiate price reductions with our suppliers, adjust our operations to reduce tariff exposure, and/or offset the increased costs by charging higher sales prices, our margins will decline, resulting in an adverse impact to our business and results of operations. Political instability and/or changes in suppliers may also cause our costs to increase. Despite our efforts to control costs and increase efficiency in our facilities, changes in demand could still cause us to realize lower operating margins and profitability. Further, our gross margins and financial performance may be adversely affected by increases in our operating costs, such as material, labor, supplier costs, logistics and energy costs, all of which have been and may continue to be subject to inflationary pressures. Operating costs have increased and may continue to increase further as a result of higher tariffs, supply chain disruptions in connection with the sourcing of components, materials, equipment, engineering support, and services, labor shortages, high inflation rates, and cost increases attributable to the effects of geopolitical events. These risks may be heightened because we obtain some of the components and subassemblies included in our systems from a limited group of suppliers and do not have long-term contracts with many of our suppliers. Our dependence on limited-source suppliers of components and our lack of long-term contracts with certain of our suppliers expose us to several risks, including a potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components, price increases, late deliveries and poor component quality. A significant number of our suppliers are the sole source or single source for certain components or subassemblies. If such a supplier is unable or unwilling to manufacture and deliver components to us on the time schedule and of the quality or quantity that we require, we may be forced to seek to engage an additional or replacement supplier or redesign our product to use alternative components, which could result in additional expenses and delays in product development or shipment of product to our customers. Disruption or termination of the supply of components has delayed and could in the future delay shipments of some of our systems. Such delays may damage our customer relationships and reduce our sales. The lead time required for shipments of some of our components can be greater than six months. In addition, the lead time required to qualify new suppliers for lasers and certain optics could be as long as a year, and the lead time required to qualify new suppliers of other components could be as long as nine months. In some cases, we may need to purchase components in advance of receiving customer orders for product. If we are unable to accurately predict our component needs, or if our component supply is disrupted, we may miss market opportunities by not being able to meet the demand for our systems. Further, a significant increase in the price of one or more of these components or subassemblies could seriously harm our results of operations and cash flows. 13 Table of Contents Our efforts to mitigate any cost increases, including any cost increases resulting from existing or future tariffs, labor impacts and supply chain delays, disruptions and shortages may not be successful, and we cannot predict the duration of these current trends or other future increases in operating costs. We may not be able to pass cost increases through to our customers fully (or at all), and if supply chain delays, disruptions and shortages delay delivery of our products, our customers may seek to purchase from our competitors. Any such occurrence may have a material adverse impact on our gross margins and business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Variations in the amount of time it takes for us to sell our systems may cause fluctuations in our operating results, which could cause our stock price to decline. Variations in the length of our sales cycles could cause our revenue and cash flows, and consequently, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate widely from period to period. This variation could cause our stock price to decline. Our customers generally take a long time to evaluate our inspection and/or film metrology systems and many people are involved in the evaluation process. We expend significant resources educating and providing information to our prospective customers regarding the uses and benefits of our systems in the semiconductor fabrication process. The length of time it takes for us to make a sale depends upon many factors, including, but not limited to: the efforts of our sales force; the complexity of the customer s fabrication processes; the internal technical capabilities and sophistication of the customer; the customer s budgetary constraints; and the quality and sophistication of the customer s current metrology, inspection or lithography equipment. Because of the number of factors influencing the sales process, the period between our initial contact with a customer and the time when we recognize revenue from that customer and receive payment, if ever, varies widely in length. Our sales cycles, including the time it takes for us to build a product to customer specifications after receiving an order to the time we recognize revenue, typically range from three to twenty-four months. Sometimes our sales cycles can be much longer, particularly with customers in Asia. During these cycles, we commit substantial resources to our sales efforts in advance of receiving any revenue, and we may never receive any revenue from a customer despite our sales efforts. If we do make a sale, our customers often purchase only one of our systems, the performance of which they then evaluate for a lengthy period before purchasing any more of our systems. The number of additional products a customer purchases, if any, depends on many factors, including the customer s capacity requirements. The period between a customer s initial purchase and any subsequent purchases can vary from three months to a year or longer, and variations in the length of this period could cause further fluctuations in our operating results and, possibly, in our stock price. We are subject to order and shipment uncertainties. Our profitability will decline if we fail to accurately forecast customer demand when managing inventory. We typically plan production and inventory levels based on internal forecasts of customer demand, which can be highly unpredictable and can fluctuate substantially, which could lead to excess inventory write-downs and result in negative impacts on gross margin and net income. We have limited visibility into our customers inventories, future customer demand and the product mix that our customers will require, which could adversely affect our production forecasts and operating margins. In addition, innovation in our industry could render significant portions of our inventory obsolete. If we overestimate our customers requirements, we may have excess inventory, which could lead to obsolete inventory and unexpected costs. Conversely, if we underestimate our customers requirements, or if we experience sustained disruptions to our supply chain or shipping delays, we may have inadequate inventory, which could lead to foregone revenue opportunities, loss of potential market share and damage to customer relationships as product deliveries may not be made on a timely basis, disrupting our customers production schedules. In response to anticipated long lead times to obtain inventory and materials from outside suppliers and foundries, we periodically order materials in advance of customer demand. This advance ordering has in the past and may in the future result in excess inventory levels or unanticipated inventory write-downs if expected orders fail to materialize, or other factors make our products less saleable. In addition, any significant future cancellation or deferral of product orders could adversely affect our revenue and margins, increase inventory write-downs due to obsolete inventory, and adversely affect our operating results and stock price. Our earnings could be negatively affected, and our inventory levels could materially increase, if we are unable to predict our inventory needs in an accurate and timely manner and adjust our orders for parts and subcomponents in the event that our needs increase or decrease materially due to unexpected increases or decreases in demand for our products. Any material 14 Table of Contents increase in our inventories could result in an adverse effect on our financial position, while any material decrease in our ability to procure needed inventories could result in an inability to supply customer demand for our products, thus adversely affecting our revenue. If we deliver systems with defects, our credibility will be harmed, and the sales and market acceptance of our systems will decrease. Our systems are complex and have occasionally contained errors, defects and bugs when introduced. Defects may be created during probing, bumping, dicing or general handling, and can have a major impact on device and process quality. When this occurs, our credibility and the market acceptance and sales of our systems could be harmed. Further, if our systems contain errors, defects or bugs, computer viruses or malicious code as a result of cyber-attacks to our computer networks, we may be required to expend significant capital and resources to alleviate these problems. Defects could also lead to product liability as a result of product liability lawsuits against us or against our customers. We have agreed to indemnify our customers under certain circumstances against liability arising from defects in our systems provided that we also include a cap on our liability in the related sales agreements. Our product liability insurance policy currently provides both aggregate coverage as well as an overall umbrella coverage. In the event of a successful product liability claim, we could be obligated to pay damages significantly in excess of our product liability insurance limits. Our integrated metrology systems are integrated with systems sold independently by wafer fabrication equipment suppliers, and a decrease in sales by these suppliers, or the development of competing systems by these suppliers, could harm our business. We believe that sales of integrated metrology systems will continue to be an important source of our net revenues. Sales of our integrated metrology systems depend upon the ability of a small number of wafer fabrication equipment suppliers to sell semiconductor manufacturing equipment products that are compatible with our metrology systems as components. If these suppliers are unable to sell such products, if they choose to focus their attention on products that do not integrate with our systems, or if they choose to develop competing systems, our business could suffer. We must attract and retain experienced senior executives and other key personnel with knowledge of semiconductor device manufacturing and inspection, metrology or lithography equipment and related software to help support our future growth, and competition for such personnel in our industry is high. Our success depends, to a significant degree, upon the continued contributions of our key executive management, engineering, sales and marketing, customer support, finance and manufacturing personnel. The loss of any of these key personnel, each of whom would be extremely difficult to replace, through resignations, retirement or other circumstances, could harm our business and operating results. Despite our employment and noncompetition agreements with key members of our senior management team, these individuals or other key employees may still leave us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We do not have key person life insurance on any of our executives. In addition, to support our future growth, we will need to attract and retain additional qualified employees. Competition for such personnel in our industry is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified employees. The expansion of high technology companies worldwide and growth in the demand for semiconductors have increased demand and competition for qualified personnel. Competition for engineering and other technical personnel in some of the markets in which we operate is especially intense due to continued increases in the number of technology companies worldwide. In order to attract and retain executives and other key employees, we must provide a competitive compensation package, including cash and share-based compensation. If the anticipated value of our share-based incentive awards does not materialize so that they cease to be viewed as valuable, if our profits decrease, or if our total compensation package is not viewed as competitive, our ability to attract, retain and motivate executives and key employees could be weakened. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our revenue. We produce the majority of our systems in our manufacturing facilities in the following locations: Wilmington, Massachusetts; Milpitas, California; Tucson, Arizona; and Bloomington, Minnesota. We also use contract manufacturers in Japan, Taiwan, Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore and the United States. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex and require sophisticated and costly equipment and a specially designed facility. As a result, any prolonged disruption in the operations of our manufacturing facilities could seriously harm our ability to satisfy our customer order deadlines. Restrictions on our access to or operation of manufacturing facilities or on our support operations or workforce, or similar limitations for our vendors and suppliers, may impact our ability to meet customer demand and could have a material adverse effect on our 15 Table of Contents financial condition and results of operations. If we cannot timely deliver our systems, our results from operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We outsource select manufacturing activities to third-party service providers, which decreases our control over the performance of these functions, may result in lower quality and functionality of our products, and exposes us to additional supply chain risks. We outsource select product manufacturing to third-party service providers. Outsourcing reduces our control over the performance of the outsourced functions. Dependence on outsourcing may also adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market. If we do not effectively manage our outsourcing strategy or if third-party service providers do not perform as anticipated, we may experience operational difficulties, increased costs, manufacturing interruptions or inefficiencies in the operation of our supply chain, any or all of which could delay our delivery of products to our customers, and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our third-party service providers could also be, and certain of our service providers have been, subject to cybersecurity incidents or other events that negatively impact their operations and their ability to perform services for us in a timely manner or at all. Such disruptions could impact our ability to manufacture products in a timely manner or force us to work with another service provider at a higher cost. Any such event could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, some of our third-party party services providers also have product designs, know-how, data files and other important confidential information regarding our products. If a third-party service provider experiences a cybersecurity event in which such confidential information is publicly exposed or shared with bad actors, it could materially and adversely impact our competitive position in the market. Our ability to fulfill our backlog may have an effect on our long-term ability to procure contracts and fulfill current contracts. Our ability to fulfill our backlog may be limited by our ability to devote sufficient financial and human capital resources and may be limited by available material supplies and our suppliers own supply chain issues. If we do not fulfill our backlog in a timely manner, we may experience delays in product delivery, which would postpone receipt of revenue from those delayed deliveries. Delayed fulfillment also increases the risk that a customer may change or cancel an order due to evolution of the customer s technological, production or market needs, which would result in a loss of revenue. Additionally, if we are consistently unable to fulfill our backlog, this may be a disincentive to customers to award large contracts to us in the future until they are comfortable that we can effectively manage our backlog. We recently implemented a new enterprise resource planning system. Our failure to effectively operate and maintain the new system could have a material adverse effect on us. We recently implemented a complex new enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) system and are continuing to make adjustments to the ERP system and update our business processes. The ERP system is critical to our ability to provide important information to our management, obtain and deliver products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, accurately maintain books and records, provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results, and otherwise operate our business. The implementation and maintenance of the new ERP system have required, and will continue to require, the investment of significant resources and may be subject to delays and cost overruns. In addition, we may experience difficulties as we continue to adjust to using the new system. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design or the ongoing maintenance of the new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, accurately maintain books and records, provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results, including reports required by the SEC such as the evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and otherwise operate our business. Additionally, if the ERP system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected or our ability to assess it adequately could be delayed. The use or anticipated use of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, by us or third parties may increase or create new operational risks. We have in the past and will in the future integrate new and evolving technologies, such as AI, into our business. AI technologies offer numerous potential benefits, such as creating or increasing operational efficiencies, and we expect an increase in the use of AI and generative AI by us, third parties on our behalf, and other market actors, including our competitors. However, the deployment of such technologies also poses certain risks, including that the algorithms may be flawed, misused or otherwise function in an unexpected manner; data sets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information; 16 Table of Contents and inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users could impair results. If the analyses that AI-based applications assist in producing are or are perceived to be deficient, inaccurate or biased, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability and brand or reputational harm. The introduction of AI technologies into our operations may also potentially result in new or enhanced compliance requirements, governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, confidentiality or security risks or other complications. The rapid evolution of AI will also require the application of significant resources to design, develop, test, oversee and maintain our products and services to help ensure that AI is implemented in accordance with applicable law and regulation to minimize any real or perceived unintended harmful impacts. If improperly managed, increase reliance on AI could result in damage our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and information, cause us to breach applicable laws and regulations, and adversely impact our business. Risks Related to Our Customers Our largest customers account for a substantial portion of our revenue, and our revenue and cash flows could decline considerably if one or more of these customers were to purchase significantly fewer of our systems or delay or cancel a large order. Sales to end user customers that individually represent at least ten percent of our revenue typically account for, in the aggregate, a considerable amount of our revenue. We operate in the highly concentrated, capital-intensive semiconductor device manufacturing industry. Historically, a substantial portion of our revenue in each quarter and year has been derived from sales to relatively few customers, and this trend is expected to continue. If any of our key customers were to purchase significantly fewer of our systems in the future, or if they delay or cancel a large order, our revenue and cash flows could meaningfully decline. We expect that we will continue to depend on a small number of large customers for a sizable portion of our revenue. In addition, as large semiconductor device manufacturers seek to establish closer relationships with their suppliers, we expect that our customer base will become even more concentrated. Risks Related to Product Development If we are not successful in developing new and enhanced products for the semiconductor device manufacturing industry, we will lose sales and market share to our competitors. We operate in an industry that is highly competitive and subject to evolving industry standards, rapid technological changes, rapid changes in consumer demands and the rapid introduction of new, higher performance systems with shorter product life cycles. To be competitive in our demanding market, we must continually design, develop and introduce in a timely manner new products that meet the performance and price demands of our customers. We must also continue to refine our current products so that they remain competitive. We expect to continue to make significant investments in our research and development activities and at times may make inventory investments prior to commercialization. We may experience difficulties or delays in our development efforts with respect to new systems, and we may not ultimately be successful in our product enhancement efforts to improve and advance products or in responding effectively to technological change, as not all research and development activities result in viable commercial products. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to develop new products for the most opportunistic new markets and applications. Any significant delay in releasing new products could cause our products to become obsolete, adversely affect our reputation, give a competitor a first-to-market advantage or cause a competitor to achieve greater market share. Our competitors may also develop products that may have performance advantages over systems we currently offer or may offer in the future, which could similarly weaken our competitive position. If new products developed by us do not gain general market acceptance, we will be unable to generate revenue and recover our investments, which may result in a write down of inventory. Developing products for the semiconductor industry is inherently risky because it is difficult to foresee developments in semiconductor device manufacturing technology, coordinate technical personnel, and identify and eliminate system design flaws. Further, our products are leading edge and complex, and often the applications to our customers businesses are unique. Any new systems we introduce may not achieve or sustain a significant degree of market acceptance and sales. We expect to spend a significant amount of time and resources developing new systems and refining our existing systems. In light of the long product development cycles inherent in our industry, these expenditures will be made well in advance of the prospect of deriving revenue from the sale of those systems. The long lead times for some components may also require us to place orders for components and accumulate inventory in advance of market acceptance of our products. 17 Table of Contents Our ability to commercially introduce and successfully market new systems is subject to a wide variety of challenges during the development cycle, including start-up bugs, design defects, and other matters that could delay introduction of these systems. Since our customers are not obligated by long-term contracts to purchase our systems, our anticipated product orders may not materialize, or orders that are placed may be canceled. If we do not achieve market acceptance of new products, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue and cash flow to recover our research and development costs and may experience a write down of our investments in inventory. As a result, our market share, revenue, operating results or stock price could be negatively impacted. Even if we are able to develop new products that gain market acceptance, sales of these new products could impair our ability to sell existing products. Competition from our new systems could have a negative effect on sales of our existing systems and the prices that we could charge for these systems. We may also divert sales and marketing resources from our current systems in order to successfully launch and promote our new or next generation systems. This diversion of resources could have a further negative effect on sales of our current systems and the value of inventory. If our relationships with our large customers deteriorate, our product development activities could be adversely affected. The success of our product development efforts depends on our ability to anticipate market trends and the price, performance and functionality requirements of semiconductor device manufacturers. In order to anticipate these trends and ensure that critical development projects proceed in a coordinated manner, we must continue to collaborate closely with our largest customers. Our relationships with these and other customers provide us with access to valuable information regarding trends in the semiconductor device industry, which enables us to better plan our product development activities. If our current relationships with our large customers are impaired, or if we are unable to develop similar collaborative relationships with important customers in the future, our product development activities could be adversely affected. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Data Security We may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property and, therefore, lose our competitive advantage. Our future success and competitive position depend in part upon our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary technology for our principal product families. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property, it will give our competitors a significant advantage. We own or have licensed a number of patents relating to our metrology, lithography, wafer and defect inspection systems, as well as AI and machine learning systems, and software, including both embedded and application software, and have filed applications for additional patents. Any of our pending patent applications may be rejected, however, and we may be unable to develop additional proprietary technology that is patentable in the future. In addition, the patents that we do own or that have been issued or licensed to us may not provide us with competitive advantages and/or may be invalidated, rendered unenforceable and/or challenged by third parties. Third parties may also design around our patents or copy our patented inventions without our knowledge. In addition to patent protection, we rely upon copyrights for protection of our proprietary software and documentation, trademarks for protection of our brand and source of goods, and trade secret law and confidentiality and non-compete agreements for protection of our confidential and proprietary information and technology. These measures do not guarantee protection of our intellectual property, however. We can give no assurance that our copyrights will be upheld or will successfully deter infringement by third parties. There can be no assurances that our confidentiality agreements with employees and other third parties will be sufficient to protect our trade secrets and proprietary information or that such information will not be disclosed, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets, or that we can fully protect our trade secrets and proprietary information. Violations by others of our confidentiality agreements and the loss of employees who have specialized knowledge and expertise could harm our competitive position and cause our sales and operating results to decline as a result of increased competition. It is also possible that third parties will misappropriate our trade secrets or other confidential information. We may be subject to cybersecurity breaches in which a third party obtains our confidential information. Third parties may also reverse engineer our products to copy our technology. Failure to protect our trademarks can lead to other companies selling products using confusing similar names, thereby damaging our brand. In some countries, it can be difficult to register trademarks because of the strict examination process or blocking trademarks for other goods. Costly and time-consuming litigation might be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our intellectual property rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection might adversely affect our ability to continue our research or bring products to market. Any of these circumstances could result in harm to our competitive position in the market. 18 Table of Contents Monitoring and preventing unauthorized use are also difficult and the measures we take to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate. There is a risk that we may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights in certain foreign countries. For example, our competitors may independently develop similar technology or duplicate our products. If this occurs, it could be easier for our competitors to develop and sell competing products in these countries. Accordingly, infringement of our intellectual property rights poses a serious risk to our ability to conduct business. Protection of our intellectual property rights, or the efforts of third parties to enforce their own intellectual property rights against us, may result in costly and time-consuming litigation, substantial damages, lost product sales and/or the loss of important intellectual property rights. From time to time, we may be required to initiate litigation in order to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the noninfringement, scope or validity of a third party s intellectual property rights. Any litigation, regardless of outcome, could be expensive and time consuming and could subject us to significant liabilities or require us to re-engineer our products or obtain expensive licenses from third parties. There can be no assurance that any patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights issued to or licensed by us will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that the rights granted thereunder will provide us with a competitive advantage. Furthermore, there is no assurance that any litigation we are involved in will yield the result that we seek as (i) the lawsuit may be dismissed or there could be an adverse finding, (ii) we may not be able to pursue the lawsuit due to the laws of the applicable country or (iii) there may be a subsequent unfavorable change in law that limits our ability to pursue the lawsuit. For example, litigation discovery practice in China, Japan, South Korea, continental Europe and Taiwan is not as robust as in the United States, so it can be more difficult to determine if a company is infringing on our patents and more challenging to bring a lawsuit. In addition, our commercial success depends in part on our ability to avoid infringing or misappropriating patents or other intellectual property rights owned by third parties. From time to time, we receive communications from third parties asserting that our products or systems infringe, or may infringe, on the intellectual property rights of these third parties. These claims of infringement may lead to protracted and costly litigation, which could require us to pay substantial damages or have the sale of our products or systems stopped by an injunction. Infringement claims could also cause product or system delays or require us to redesign our products or systems, and these delays could result in the loss of substantial revenue. We may also be required to obtain a license from the third party or cease activities utilizing the third party s intellectual property rights. We may not be able to enter into such a license or such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. Accordingly, the loss of an intellectual property dispute could hinder our ability to sell our products or systems or make the sale of our products or systems more expensive, which could lead to reduced revenue or lower margins, respectively. If our network security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer s data, to our data, or to our information technology systems, we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities and may experience disruptions in our operations. As part of our business, we store our data and certain data about our customers, vendors and employees in our information technology system. We also rely on our information technology system for business operations. If there is a breach as a result of third-party action, including through the use of AI, employee error, malfeasance, break-ins or otherwise, of our security measures designed to protect this information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, and someone obtains unauthorized access to our customers , vendors or employees data or disrupts our access to our own data and systems, we could face loss of business, regulatory investigations or court orders or damage to our reputation, and we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate the problem, as well as incur significant costs and liabilities, including due to litigation, indemnity obligations, damages for contract breach, penalties for violation of applicable laws or regulations, and costs for remediation and other incentives offered to customers. Cyber-attacks and other malicious internet-based activities continue to increase. As the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, our ability to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures is reduced. In addition, third parties have made attempts to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose information to gain access to our data or our customers data. As a result of any of these events, our or our customers and vendors information could be accessed or disclosed improperly. In addition, cybersecurity incidents affecting our customers could result in substantial delays in our ability to ship to those customers or install our products, which could result in delays in revenue recognition or the cancellation of orders. As discussed herein under the heading We outsource select manufacturing activities to third-party service providers, which decreases our control over the performance of these functions and may result in lower quality and functionality of our products, cybersecurity incidents affecting our service providers could negatively impact our ability to timely and cost-effectively produce products and/or negatively impact our competitive position in the market. Likewise, cybersecurity events impacting our suppliers could result in substantial delays in our ability to obtain necessary components for our products from 19 Table of Contents those suppliers, which could hamper our ability to ship our products to our customers, harming our results of operations and our customer relationships. Any or all of the above issues could negatively affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to choose to purchase from our competitors, result in reputational damage or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could adversely affect our operating results. We are also subject to evolving and increasingly complex laws, regulations and standards relating to data protection, privacy, and cybersecurity in the United States and globally, as well as to the SEC s disclosure requirements regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy, governance and incident reporting. Failure to prevent or timely detect and remediate a cybersecurity incident, or to comply with applicable laws, regulations, contracts, or industry standards, could result in governmental inquiries or enforcement, regulatory penalties, private litigation, indemnity obligations, and other adverse consequences. We maintain cybersecurity insurance; however, coverage may not be sufficient to cover all losses or impacts from a cybersecurity incident. Compliance with data protection laws may be costly and may impede development of new products, and any failure to comply with, or inquiries under, these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) is a regulation in European Union ( EU ) law on data protection and privacy for the individuals within the EU and the European Economic Area ( EEA ). It also addresses the export of personal data outside the EU and EEA areas. The United Kingdom has adopted legislation that substantially implements the GDPR and provides for a similar penalty structure. We are also subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ( CCPA ) and the California Privacy Rights Act ( CPRA ), an amendment and expansion of the CCPA. We may also be subject to other data privacy laws in the United States, at both the state and federal levels, and the other countries in which we operate. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, and among the subsidiaries and other parties with which we have commercial relations. The introduction of new products or expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions may subject us to additional laws and regulations. These U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, including GDPR which can be enforced by private parties or government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations, including GDPR, are often uncertain, particularly in our evolving industry, and may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country. Appropriate technical and organizational measures are necessary to implement these data protection principles. These laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and may delay or impede the development of new products, result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, require significant management time and attention, or subject us to inquiries or investigations, claims or other remedies, including fines, which may be significant, or demands that we modify or cease existing business practices. A failure by us, our suppliers, or other parties with whom we do business to comply with posted privacy policies or with other federal, state, or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations, including GDPR, CCPA, CPRA and other new or changing privacy laws and regulations, could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Risks Related to Competition Some of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater resources than we do, and increased competition could impair sales of our products or cause us to reduce our prices. The market for semiconductor capital equipment is highly competitive. We face substantial competition from established companies in each of the markets we serve. We principally compete with KLA, Nova, Camtek, Ushio, Canon, GigaVis Co. Ltd. and PDF Solutions. Each of our products also competes with products that use different metrology, inspection or lithography techniques. Some of our competitors have greater financial, engineering, manufacturing and marketing resources, broader product offerings and service capabilities and larger installed customer bases than we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or market developments by devoting greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of products, which, in turn, could impair sales of our products. Further, there may be significant merger and acquisition activity among our competitors and potential competitors, which, in turn, may provide them with a competitive advantage over us by enabling them to rapidly expand their product offerings and service capabilities to meet a broader range of customer needs. Many of our existing and potential customers in the semiconductor device manufacturing industry are large companies that require global support and service for their semiconductor capital equipment. Some of our competitors have more extensive support and service infrastructures than we do, which could place us at a disadvantage when competing for the business of 20 Table of Contents global semiconductor device manufacturers. Many of our competitors are investing heavily in the development of new systems that will compete directly with our systems. We have, from time to time, selectively reduced prices on our systems in order to protect our market share, and competitive pressures may necessitate further price reductions. We expect our competitors in each product area to continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new products with competitive prices and performance characteristics. These product introductions would likely require us to decrease the prices of our systems and increase the level of discounts that we grant our customers. Price reductions or lost sales as a result of these competitive pressures would reduce our total revenue and could adversely impact our financial results. Because of the high cost of switching equipment vendors in our markets, it is sometimes difficult for us to win new customers from our competitors even if our systems are superior to theirs. Once a semiconductor device manufacturer has selected one vendor s capital equipment for a production-line application, the manufacturer typically relies upon that capital equipment and, to the extent possible, subsequent generations of the same vendor s equipment for the life of the application. Once a vendor s equipment has been installed in a production line application, a semiconductor device manufacturer must often make substantial technical modifications and may experience production-line downtime in order to switch to another vendor s equipment. Accordingly, unless our systems offer performance or cost advantages that outweigh a customer s expense of switching to our systems, it will be difficult for us to achieve significant sales to that manufacturer once it has selected another vendor s capital equipment for an application. Risks Related to Our International Operations Tariffs, export regulations, and other market barriers have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to compete for the business of domestic customers in China and other jurisdictions, which has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our, business, financial condition and results of operations. Recent changes in U.S. trade policy have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business. In 2025, the U.S. implemented a number of tariffs on goods imported into the U.S. ( U.S. Tariffs ). In addition, in retaliation for the tariffs imposed on U.S. imports, a number of other countries announced reciprocal tariffs on goods imported from the U.S. The U.S. Tariffs and reciprocal tariffs imposed by other countries may continue to evolve. As discussed above under the heading If we do not manage our supply chain effectively, our operating results may be adversely affected, and any increases in material, labor, supplier, logistics and other operating costs, or supply chain delays and shortages, could lower our margins or result in lost sales, the U.S. Tariffs have increased, and may continue to increase, our supply chain costs. Reciprocal tariffs imposed by other countries have harmed and may continue to harm demand for our products from customers in those regions, or may cause our customers in those regions to push out or cancel previously placed purchase orders. Additionally, over the last several years, the U.S. government has significantly expanded export controls on certain technologies and commodities to certain markets, particularly with respect to semiconductor and other high technology exports to China. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce ( DoC ) has imposed export controls on the transfer of certain U.S. products and technologies to military end users in China, as well as restrictions on the transfer of U.S. products to certain companies, including Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., and its affiliates. Most recently, in 2022, the DoC imposed new export controls related to the Chinese semiconductor manufacturing, advanced computing, and supercomputer industries. In 2023, 2024 and 2025, the DoC revised and expanded the 2022 export controls and added new controls. The DoC has also added a number of companies in China to the Unverified List and Entity List of the Export Administration Regulations ( EAR ), including major buyers of semiconductor equipment. In September 2025, the DoC instituted the 50% Rule (also known as the Affiliates Rule ), which applied Entity List restrictions to affiliates of listed entities. The 50% rule added thousands of companies to the entity list. The implementation of the rule was ultimately suspended for a year until November 2026, but could be reinstated before then. The effect of these changes, among others, is that Onto Innovation is required to conduct additional end-use diligence and in some instances, obtain export licenses before providing products to certain customers. There can be no assurance that export licenses applied for by us or our customers will be granted in a timely manner or at all. We have experienced and may continue to experience a temporary loss of revenues while we are obtaining licenses with certain customers affected by export controls. Failure to obtain any required license could result in a reduction of anticipated revenues until we are able to replace unlicensed orders with other customer orders for which a license has been obtained or is not required, and there can be no assurance that replacement orders will be obtained on favorable terms, in a timely manner, or at all. In addition, any licenses that are granted to us or to our customers may have a short duration or require us to satisfy various conditions, and it is possible that licenses that have been granted may be revoked or we may not be successful in obtaining reissuance of such licenses upon their expiration or in the event modifications are required to a previously issued license. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we hold inventory of 21 Table of Contents products that may be affected by these recent U.S. government actions, including potential order cancellations. If the sale of these products is delayed or we are unable to return or dispose of our inventory on favorable economic terms, we may incur additional carrying costs for the inventory or otherwise record charges associated with this inventory. The administrative processing, attendant delays and risk of ultimately not obtaining required export approvals also put us at a disadvantage relative to our non-U.S. competitors who may not be required to comply with U.S. export controls. These difficulties and uncertainties have adversely affected our ability to compete for and win business from domestic customers in China. It is possible that the U.S. government will impose additional export controls on our products or systems, which could lead to further revenue losses. For example, it remains uncertain whether the current U.S. presidential administration will make additional changes with respect to U.S. export control policy. Any such changes could result in additional restrictions on our ability to sell products to customers in China and other jurisdictions. Foreign customers affected by current or future U.S. government sanctions, controls or threats of sanctions or controls may respond by developing their own solutions to replace our products or by utilizing our foreign competitors products (who are not subject to the same export controls and can fulfill the orders). In addition, these export controls may also reduce overall global demand for our customers products or for other products produced or manufactured in the U.S. or based on U.S. technology, in turn reducing demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Increased restrictions on China exports may also lead to regulatory retaliation by the Chinese government, which may adversely impact our business. We are subject to compliance with domestic and foreign laws and regulations, and the burden of complying with such laws and regulations, or any failure to comply, has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . Our business is subject to risks inherent in doing business internationally, including compliance with, inconsistencies among, and unexpected changes in, a wide variety of foreign laws and regulatory environments, including, among other issues, with respect to employees, protection of our intellectual property, and a wide variety of operational regulations and trade and export controls under domestic, foreign, and international law. We are faced with various risks that may be associated with our compliance with existing, new, different, inconsistent or conflicting laws, regulations and rules enacted by governments and/or their regulatory agencies in the countries in which we operate as well as rules and policies implemented at our customer sites. These laws, regulations, rules and policies could relate to any of an array of issues including, but not limited to, environmental, tax, intellectual property, trade secrets, product liability, contracts, antitrust, employment, securities, import/export and unfair competition. The cost of maintaining compliance under multiple and changing regulatory regimes may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and, in the case of export controls, has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our results of operations. As discussed herein under the heading Tariffs, export regulations, and other market barriers have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to compete for the business of domestic customers in China and other jurisdictions, which has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, the U.S. government issued new export control rules between 2022 and 2025 aimed at restricting China s access to semiconductor equipment and advanced computing technology, among other things. To comply with the new rules, Onto Innovation has had to expend time and resources that might otherwise have been used for revenue generating activities. Further regulatory changes could require additional diversion of resources to compliance efforts. In addition, in the event that we fail to comply with or violate U.S. or foreign laws or regulations or customer policies, we could be subject to civil or criminal claims or proceedings that may result in monetary fines, penalties or other costs against us or our employees, which may adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, customer relations and ability to conduct our business. 22 Table of Contents Political and economic instability may result in reduced demand for our products . We are subject to various global risks related to political and economic instabilities in countries in which we derive sales. If terrorist activities, armed conflict, civil or military unrest or political instability occurs outside of the United States, these events may result in reduced demand for our products or adversely affect our supply chain. For example, the Ukraine Russia geographic region is a major source of critical raw materials used for semiconductor manufacturing (such as neon and palladium), and any supply chain disruptions or shortages of such materials due to the ongoing conflict in that region could impact our customers in a manner that reduces demand for our products. Similarly, if the conflict in Israel and Gaza and the surrounding area escalates, it could result in disruptions to our supply chain and/or the operations of our customers in a manner that reduces demand for our products. In addition, due to the complex relationships among China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and the United States, there is risk that political, diplomatic, and national security influences might lead to further trade, technology, or capital disputes, or disruptions affecting the semiconductor industry. In particular, the escalation of geopolitical tensions between China and Taiwan may cause disruptions in the markets in which we operate and lead to a decreased demand for our products, which could adversely affect our business in Asia or have a negative impact on the regional or global economy. Furthermore, an outbreak of hostilities or other political upheaval in China, Taiwan, Japan, or South Korea, or an economic downturn in Asia or globally, would likely harm the operations of our customers in these countries. The effect of these types of events on our revenue and cash flows could be material because we derive substantial revenue from sales to semiconductor device foundries in Taiwan such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd., from memory chip manufacturers in South Korea such as Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., and from semiconductor device manufacturers in Japan such as Toshiba Corporation. Natural disasters, changes in climate, public health crises, and geo-political conflicts could materially adversely affect our worldwide operations (or those of our business partners). The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, fires, cyclones, earthquakes, tsunamis, flooding, typhoons, volcanic eruptions and weather conditions such as major or extended winter storms, droughts and tornadoes, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, may disrupt manufacturing or other operations. For example, our Milpitas operations are located near major earthquake fault lines in California. We cannot provide any assurance that alternate means of conducting our operations (whether through alternate production capacity or service providers or otherwise) would be available if a major disruption were to occur or that, if such alternate means were available, they could be obtained on favorable terms. Our business may also be affected by public health issues (for example, an outbreak of a contagious disease such as COVID-19, avian influenza, measles or Ebola). The effects of a public health crisis may affect our operations and those of our suppliers, third-party service providers, and customers. The extent to which the economic effects of a public health crisis could impact our business, results of operations, and financial conditions are difficult to predict, and depend on numerous evolving factors including any future resurgences of the public health crisis and the intensity and duration of any resulting adverse macroeconomic conditions. A public health crisis could expose our business, results of operations, and financial condition to the following adverse impacts: disruptions to our supply chain in connection with the sourcing of materials, support, and services; disruption of operations due to unavailability of employees as a result of illness, travel restrictions and other factors; and a decrease in demand for our products. Any sustained or prolonged public health crises, or any ongoing, worsening or recurring supply chain disruptions or macroeconomic effects of such crises could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, legal exposure, or financial condition and may also heighten many of the other risks described in this RISK FACTORS section. There may also be conflict or uncertainty in the countries in which we operate, including safety issues, disruptions of service from utilities, nuclear power plant accidents or general economic or political unrest, including war, civil unrest or terrorist attacks. While current global conflicts have not materially adversely affected our business, new or expanding conflicts and sanctions could result in disruptions to the global economy and/or supply chains that could materially adversely affect our business. 23 Table of Contents We may face difficulties in staffing and managing foreign branch operations due to political tensions or cultural differences . During periods of tension between the governments of the United States and certain other countries, it is often difficult for U.S. companies such as ours to staff and manage operations in such countries. Language and other cultural differences may also inhibit our sales and marketing efforts and create internal communication problems among our U.S. and foreign research and development teams, increasing the difficulty of managing multiple remote locations performing various development, quality assurance, and yield ramp analysis projects. Currency fluctuations may impact our international sales or expose us to exchange rate risk. A substantial portion of our international sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result, if the dollar rises in value in relation to foreign currencies, our systems will become more expensive to customers outside the United States and may be less competitive with systems produced by competitors outside the United States. These conditions could negatively impact our international sales. Foreign sales also expose us to collection risk in the event it becomes more expensive for our foreign customers to convert their local currencies into U.S. dollars. Additionally, in the event a larger portion of our revenue becomes denominated in foreign currencies, we would be subject to a potentially significant exchange rate risk, and any failure to sufficiently hedge or otherwise manage these risks could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Our internal controls with respect to anti-corruption laws may not be effective, and any failure to comply with such laws may result in severe sanctions and liabilities, which may negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Also, similar worldwide anti-bribery laws, such as the U.K. Bribery Act and Chinese anti-corruption laws, generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Some of our distribution partners are located in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. The policies and procedures we have implemented to discourage these practices by our employees, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be ineffective, and our employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or international anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the U.S. government may seek to hold us liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. We cannot assure you that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from reckless or negligent acts committed by our employees, distributors, partners, consultants or agents. Risks Related to Laws, Legal Proceedings, Financial Markets and the Environment Changes in tax rates or tax liabilities could affect results. As a global company, we are subject to taxation in the United States and various other countries. Significant judgment is required to determine and estimate worldwide tax liabilities. Our future annual and quarterly tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, including changes in the (1) applicable tax laws; (2) composition of earnings in countries with differing tax rates; or (3) recoverability of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Due to the pace of legislative changes and the scale of our business activities, any substantial changes in tax policies or legislative initiatives may materially and adversely affect our business, the taxes we are required to pay, our financial position, and results of operations. For example, beginning in 2022, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ( TCJA ) eliminated the existing option to deduct U.S. domestic and foreign research and development expenditures on the U.S. tax returns and required taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five and fifteen years, respectively, pursuant to IRC Section 174. The requirement reduced our cash flows for 2022, 2023 and 2024. On July 4, 2025, the U.S. enacted tax reform legislation through the One Big Beautiful Bill Act that allows for the immediate expensing of domestic U.S. research and development expenses, although the Company continues to capitalize and amortize foreign research and development costs on the U.S. tax return. In addition, any changes to U.S. and global corporate income tax laws, including increasing U.S. taxation of international business operations and imposing a global minimum tax could have a negative impact on our tax position in the future. Many countries and organizations, such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ), which is discussed further below, are also actively considering changes 24 Table of Contents to existing tax laws or have proposed or enacted new laws that could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business or cause us to change the way we operate our business. Any of these developments or changes in federal, state, or international tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax rate and our results of operations. The OECD has released guidance covering various topics, including country-by-country reporting, definitional changes to permanent establishment and Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ( BEPS ), an initiative that aims to standardize and modernize global tax policy. The guidance also established a global minimum tax of 15%. This guidance has been implemented by several jurisdictions, including jurisdictions in which we operate, and many other jurisdictions are in the process of implementing it. Depending on the final form of legislation ultimately enacted, there may be significant consequences for us due to our international business activities, including, but not limited to, an increase in our tax uncertainty and adverse effects on our provision for income taxes. On January 5, 2026, the OECD announced that the Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting agreed to a new package of administrative guidance under the Pillar Two global minimum tax rules. The new administrative guidance allows for U.S. multinationals to provide for a Side-by-Side Safe Harbor that would exclude U.S.-parented multinational groups from the global minimum tax rule s Income Inclusion Rule and Undertaxed Profits Rule on the grounds that the existing U.S. law is sufficiently robust in its taxation of domestic and foreign profits. Although we will continue to monitor U.S. and international legislative developments in this area, we cannot predict whether such protective measures or legislation will be adopted by non-U.S. countries, if any, and whether the U.S. would have any responsive measures. In addition, we are subject to regular examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final determination will not be materially different from the treatment reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Turmoil or fluctuations in the credit markets and the financial services industry may negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, and our factoring arrangements may expose us to additional risks. In the past, global credit markets and the financial services industry have experienced periods of turmoil and upheaval characterized by the tightening of the credit markets, the weakening of the global economy and an unprecedented level of intervention from the United States and other governments. Adverse economic conditions, such as sustained periods of economic uncertainty or a crisis in the financial markets may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition if our ability to obtain credit from the capital financial markets, or from trade creditors is impaired. If banks and financial institutions with whom we have banking relationships enter receivership or become insolvent in the future, we may be unable to access, and we may lose, some or all of our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments to the extent those funds are not insured or otherwise protected by the FDIC. In addition, a worsening economy or an economic crisis could also adversely impact our customers ability to finance the purchase of systems from us or our suppliers ability to provide us with product, either of which may negatively impact our business and results of operations. We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations may impact our business, operating results and financial condition. Some of our operations use substances regulated under various federal, state, local, and international laws governing the environment, including those relating to the storage, use, discharge, disposal, labeling, and human exposure to hazardous and toxic materials. We could incur costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims, or could be required to incur substantial investigation or remediation costs, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws. Liability under environmental laws can be joint and several and without regard to comparative fault. Compliance with current or future environmental laws and regulations could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or require us to acquire additional expensive equipment, modify our manufacturing processes, or incur other significant expenses. For example, we are, or may become subject to various new or proposed climate-related and other sustainability laws and regulations, including, for example, the state of California s new climate change disclosure requirements and the EU s new Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. Compliance with such laws and regulations, as well as any increased focus or scrutiny from the SEC and other regulators, investors, customers, vendors, employees, and other stakeholders concerning sustainability and climate matters, could impose additional costs on us. We may unintentionally violate environmental laws or regulations in the future as a result of human error, equipment failure or other causes. In addition to the potential adverse effects on our business operations of such an event, we are committed to maintaining safe working conditions for our employees 25 Table of Contents and sourcing, manufacturing, and distributing our products in a responsible and environmentally friendly manner, and any failure on our part to do so may cause reputational harm for the Company. Legal proceedings, claims and investigations may expose us to increased costs and may negatively a
