 and risk management Internal Control, risk management system and tax policy ● Tax Governance, which ensures the correct deployment of ● management of tax and customs risks, controls, claims and the Group's tax policy; disputes; ● Digital Taxation and E-commerce, which assists and advises ● relationswith the Tax and Customs Authorities and the on the tax implications of e-commerce and digital other public authorities; and projects; and ● tax watch and best practices involving dialogue with peers, ● Tax Operations and Supply Chain, which assists and advises professional associations, external auditors and law firms. the Operations Department. This matrix organisation, combined with the Group's tax policy Strong geographical presence compliance, are the basis of successful management of the Accountable to the Chief Financial Oﬀicer of the Country/ tax burden and a responsible tax practice. Region, the Tax Directors of 30 Countries have the following responsibilities: 2025 tax contribution ● respect for compliance rules in collaboration with the In 2025, the amount of tax L'Oréal paid to governments and accounting departments; local authorities was €3.3 billion. In addition to income tax, ● assistance and tax advice to the operational teams in the L'Oréal pays and levies numerous taxes and contributions context of their projects; such as sales and purchase taxes, environmental taxes, property taxes and other local taxes. The breakdown of ● tax directives, ongoing learning and pedagogy with other taxation is presented annually to the Audit Committee. parties; The Group's tax footprint, consistent with its operational and ● management of the tax contribution; geographical footprint, breaks down as follows in 2025. 28% 14% 39% 86% €3.3bn 61% 72% €1,845m €1,434m Non-European countries European Union countries Income tax Operating taxes The Finance Department has reviewed and updated the tax policy each year since it was first published in 2020. 152 L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 Risk factors and risk management Preparation and processing of accounting and financial information 3 3.3 Preparation and processing of accounting and financial information This section is based on the "Application Guide for Internal Control of accounting and financial information published by issuers", from the Reference Framework updated by the AMF on 22 July 2010. It is part of an overall process aimed at making continuous progress and improving the Internal Control system already in place. 3.3.1 Definition, scope and objectives Internal Control for accounting and finance covers the ● quality of the information used to prepare published processes that provide accounting data, i.e., the processes for financial statements and reliable centralised processing by producing financial information, accounts closing and the Group for distributing this information and using it for communication campaigns. monitoring purposes; and The accounting and financial Internal Control system is ● control of the production of financial, accounting and designed to ensure: management information, including fraud prevention. ● compliance with accounting regulations and the correct The scope of application of the Internal Control procedures application of the principles on which the financial relating to the preparation and processing of financial and statements are based; accounting information encompasses the parent company ● application of the guidelines set by General Management L'Oréal and all subsidiaries included in the consolidated for financial information; financial statements. ● protection of assets; 3.3.2 Monitoring process for the organisation of accounting and finance functions Organisation of Finance Departments Group standards Under the supervision of General Management, dedicated The Group has put in place accounting policies and standards teams of specialists are responsible for accounting and that are consistent with IFRS for consolidated financial financial monitoring in the following areas: accounting, statements. All consolidated subsidiaries must apply these consolidation, tax matters, management, financial services standards in order to provide uniform and reliable financial and treasury. information. Within the Administration and Finance Department, the The Operational Finance Department oversees the regular Operational Finance Department is responsible for preparing the update of these Group standards, taking into account the Group's consolidated financial results. As a result, it also variations in regulations and accounting principles. coordinates the Business Service Centre and a worldwide network These regulations define the principles required for of management controllers who are responsible for ensuring harmonised accounting treatment of transactions, including compliance with the accounting and management standards and the methods used to record balance sheet items and to processes to ensure appropriate management of the Group's identify and value oﬀ-balance sheet commitments. The results. In addition, the Group Accounting and Consolidation Group's Accounting Department keeps abreast of any new Department is responsible for worldwide accounting accounting standards currently under preparation, in order to management, ensuring that IFRS is applied, and that the Group's alert General Management and prepare for their impact on accounting processes are implemented and harmonised the Group's financial statements. worldwide and in the accounting Business Service Centre. Common to all subsidiaries, the chart of accounts and all the The Operational Finance Department runs the Group's Tax key accounting processes provide the definitions and Department. Comprising a network of tax lawyers at corporate methodology for preparing the reporting required to draw up level, in the Regions and in the Group's most vulnerable the financial statements. countries, the Tax Department monitors variations in regulations, ensures compliance with local rules, and oversees The management standards set out the operational implementation of the Group's tax policy, particularly the application of these rules. They give the valuation rules for transfer pricing policy and customs rules. some of the key balance sheet and income statement items and also stipulate the controls and checks applicable to the Within the Administration and Finance Department, the key processes. Corporate Finance Department protects the Group's financial assets. Its Treasury and Financing Department centralises The management standards are regularly updated and form cash flows and the hedging of currency and interest rate risks. part of the continuous improvement process. This aims to The Department leads a network of treasurers in the Regions respond to the findings of the Internal Audit Department and and Countries, and applies the Group's financing policy. to cover the accounting and financial risks of the subsidiaries. This work has made it possible to bring our approach more The Corporate Finance Department undertakes external closely in line with the recommendations set out in the growth transactions and monitors the financial structures of "Application Guide for Internal Control of accounting and L'Oréal and its subsidiaries. The Business Opportunities for financial information" of the AMF's Reference Framework. L'Oréal Development (BOLD) corporate venture fund, in charge of minority investments in innovative products and companies, is also part of this department. L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 153 3 Risk factors and risk management Preparation and processing of accounting and financial information Organisation and security of information The Group's organisation is based on reporting from each subsidiary that is provided directly by the countries to the systems parent company, L'Oréal, without any intermediate aggregates for the vast majority of the subsidiaries. This system optimises The Operational Finance Department and the Global IT data transfer and the completeness of information and makes Department make joint decisions about the software suitable it easier to check that data is accurate. for the Group's financial and accounting requirements. At the level of information systems, the teams are strengthening the The Chief Executive Oﬀicer and Chief Financial Oﬀicer of each procedures for the separation of tasks and improved control subsidiary make a joint commitment with regard to the quality, of access rights. They have been oﬀered tools to ensure that reliability and completeness of the accounting and financial access rights comply with the Group's rules. information they have prepared and sent to the Group's Operational Finance Department, through a representation letter that they jointly sign. Management tools The system for monthly reporting on economic indicators Audit Committee provides the foundation for continuous, uniform monitoring of The role and tasks of the Audit Committee, as previously the performance of each subsidiary and ensures they are in line described, comply with European regulations and, in with the objectives set. particular, Directive 2014/56/EU and EU regulation 537/2014 Used by all entities, this reporting and consolidation system on statutory audits, and are based on the report by the ensures the consistency and reliability of figures at the level of working group on Audit Committees published by the AMF on each subsidiary through blocking controls that operate before 22 July 2010. the financial data is uploaded to Group level. In this regard, the operating profit and loss account by destination, which is common to both management and general accounting, contributes to strengthening the control of accounts in the financial statements, as a single reference framework is used. 3.3.3 Processes used to prepare accounting and financial information Operational processes contributing Financial communication to accounting figures Managers in charge of Financial Communication prepare a Specific procedures for monitoring and for validation, precise timetable for publication of up-to-date information on authorisation and accounting rules apply to the processes the Group to the financial markets. This timetable complies with that populate the financial statements, such as sales, the requirements of market authorities. These managers check purchases, management of inventories and non-current with the Legal & Compliance Department that communications assets, and payroll and cash management. comply with the required deadlines, laws and regulations. They also have a role in ensuring that the publication of information provided by the Operational Finance Department is Closing of accounts, consolidation and precise and accurate. All material information provided to the management reporting information financial community reflects with truth and transparency the situation and business activities of the Group. Furthermore, all The closing of accounts is subject to precise instructions and a communications are made in accordance with the principle of detailed time schedule. These are circulated to all subsidiaries to equal provision of information to all shareholders. make sure that deadlines are met and financial statements are prepared in a consistent manner. The Group has introduced two hard closings (anticipating the work involved in the closure of Statutory Auditors financial statements) in May and November to prepare in advance and speed up closing times. All accounting and financial information prepared by consolidated subsidiaries is subject to a limited review at the time For the preparation of consolidated financial statements, of the half-year closing process and to a full audit at year-end validation procedures apply at each stage of the process of by the external auditors. Twice a year, the Chief Executive reporting and processing information. In particular, they verify Oﬀicer and the Chief Financial Oﬀicer of each consolidated that inter-company transactions have been correctly adjusted subsidiary make a joint commitment as to the fair presentation, and eliminated (these are reported on a monthly basis), reliability and completeness of the financial information by jointly consolidation transactions have been checked, accounting signing a representation letter. standards have been correctly applied, the consolidated published accounting and financial data have been harmonised Audit assignments in the countries are almost all entrusted to and properly determined and the general accounting data and members of the networks of the two Statutory Auditors who, management data used in the preparation of the financial after having jointly performed the review of all the Group's information are consistent. accounts and the manner in which they were prepared, are responsible for issuing an opinion on the Group's consolidated financial statements. The Statutory Auditors issue an opinion as to whether the consolidated financial statements and the parent company financial statements give a true and fair view. They are kept informed from the early stages of preparation of the financial statements and present an overview of their work to the Group's accounting and finance managers and to the Audit Committee at the time of the half-year and annual closings. 154 L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3 3.4 Preparation and processing of sustainability information CSRD L'Oréal has had a system in place for many years for reporting, ● the second level is a control level, whereby the Sustainable monitoring and controlling sustainability data. This system has Finance function: been adapted to meet the new requirements(1) of the Corporate – puts in place the reporting framework and information Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD, see section 4.1.3). systems required to ensure the consistency, relevance Due to the standardised framework introduced by the CSRD and reliability of the information flows, and through the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), the Group has adapted the definitions it previously used – supervises and monitors the reliability of the reporting for its sustainability reporting to align them with the ESRS. by the entities in the Countries and Regions and at Group level. This entailed formally documenting, in a single document (the “Book of Norms for Sustainability Reporting”), the definition, The Sustainable Finance function ensures consistency by scope and controls for each metric required by the new carrying out a critical review of variations as well as regulations. This document is a constant work in progress, consistency controls between the diﬀerent domains. At inasmuch as it is intended to be continually enriched by the Country level, each finance team member identified as the findings of risk assessments and internal control points Sustainable Finance contact point assists the function's identified in both internal reviews and external reviews carried specialist with reviewing their reporting. Dedicated out by the Sustainability Auditors. Sustainable Finance coordinators at Region level consolidate and review the consistency of information The Chief Financial Oﬀicer is responsible for preparing the between the various countries. The corporate support Group's sustainability information, with the support of the functions are responsible for performing controls on the Sustainable Finance and Legal & Compliance departments. consolidation of the information reported and aligning This information is reported to the Audit Committee, which is processes and working methods with the framework responsible for monitoring issues relating to sustainability defined by the Group; information and the related risk management system on behalf ● the third level corresponds to the Internal Audit Department of the Board of Directors (see section 2.3.3.). The reporting and and Sustainability Auditors assessing that the sustainability consolidation of sustainability data enable the Corporate reporting system operates eﬀectively and issuing Social Responsibility Department to steer the Group's non- recommendations for its continuous improvement. financial performance and pursue its CSR strategy, particularly in connection with the L'Oréal for the Future programme. Information on sustainability reporting is relayed to the Group's teams through: The quality and reliability of sustainability reporting is based on a three-level system: ● training courses for the finance community (Country and Region Chief Financial Oﬀicers); ● the first level corresponds to the Group's experts producing, collecting and reporting sustainability information in their ● internal communication measures, such as fortnightly respective fields. Each of the Group's functions (Operations, newsletters; and Purchasing, Research & Innovation, Human Relations, etc.) ● regular meetings with the Internal Control teams. therefore contributes to ensuring that the data reported complies with the applicable standards; 3.5 Risk factors and risk management 3.5.1 Definitions and general framework Risk management (events or situations, the occurrence of In order to ensure the sustainability of its development and which is uncertain, could have a financial, non-financial, or the achievement of its objectives, the Group strives to reputational impact) is a process that applies to the Company anticipate and manage the risks to which it is exposed in its and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Group"). Risk diﬀerent areas of activity. In addition, the Internal Rules of the management consists of identifying, assessing and controlling Board of Directors specify that the role of the Audit risks that may aﬀect the smooth running of the Company. It Committee is to "ensure that General Management has the also participates in the Group's development by promoting means to enable it to identify and manage the economic, the eﬀective use of resources to minimise the impact of financial, legal and sustainability risks the Group faces both negative events and maximise the realisation of opportunities. within and outside France in the conduct of its normal or exceptional operations". On the basis of the work performed by the Internal Audit Department, the analysis of major risks, in conjunction with the processes used by subsidiaries, makes it possible to identify Internal Control improvements and update the Group's standards. (1) This section incorporates by reference the information required by the CSRD (ESRS 2, GOV-5) for the Sustainability Report (section 4.1.3). L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 155 3 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3.5.2 Risk mapping The Group's risk mapping process is led by the Ethics, Risks The risk mapping comprises all of L'Oréal activities and is and Internal Control Department with the support of all updated annually. This process to identify, analyse and assess Functional Departments and Businesses. This mapping is significant risks strengthens Group actions and allows them to reviewed and validated by the Group's Executive Committee. be prioritised. The results of this work are presented to the Audit Committee. The main risks to which the Group is exposed are described below. 3.5.3 Risk factors The Group operates in a changing environment. Like any Risk management activities enable the classification of company, it is necessarily exposed to risks which, if they were residual risks by level of importance (low, moderate or to materialise, could have a negative impact on its business significant). activities, its financial position and its assets, particularly in However, a wholly risk-free environment cannot be terms of reputation and image. guaranteed. Moreover, the Group could be adversely For taking an informed investment decision, as required by the impacted by other risks of which it is not currently aware or regulations in force, this section presents the major risks in a which it does not consider material at the date of this limited number of categories (given the probability of their document. occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact) taking risk management policies into account. In each category, the most material risks are mentioned first. This section specifies the way in which each risk factor could aﬀect L'Oréal as well as the management strategy implemented. Major risks to which the Group believes it is exposed Residual importance Business risks Geographic presence and economic and political environment* Information systems and cybersecurity* Health crisis* Reputational crisis management Data Beauty market: competition and innovation Business ethics Developments in sales channels Human resources and organisational risk Product quality and safety Safety of people and property Industrial and Product availability* environmental risks Climate change Environment and safety Legal and regulatory Non-compliance* risks Legal disputes Intellectual property: trademarks, designs & models, domain names, patents Financial and Inflation and currency risk* market risks Financial equity risk Risk relating to the impairment of intangible assets * Most material risks in each category. Residual importance: Low Moderate Significant 156 L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3 3.5.3.1 Business risks Business risks/Geographic presence and economic and political environment Risk identification Risk management L'Oréal has subsidiaries in 72 countries and develops its business L'Oréal's global presence and its portfolio of 40 major activities, including Travel Retail, in an increasingly fragmented international brands help to maintain a balance in sales between political and economic environment. L'Oréal operates mainly in the Regions, product categories and distribution channels (details North America (26.6% of sales), North Asia (22.9% of sales) and on sales from the Regions are presented in sections 1.1.4. and 1.1.6). Latin America (7.4% of sales). An unsettled political and/or The Group's geographical industrial footprint is based on it having economic environment, notably in countries where the Group factories in all of its Regions (see section 1.3.4.1.) and, depending generates a significant proportion of its sales could aﬀect its on the product categories, on bringing its production sites closer business. This could be the result of a sharp economic slowdown to its distribution markets. due, for example, to rising geopolitical tensions, a prolonged An Internal Geopolitical Risk Committee meets regularly to period of inflation, international trade disputes – including monitor these risks and the associated action plans. changes in tariﬀs or protectionist measures – or sovereign debt crises. The Group closely monitors changes in customs duties in order to anticipate their impact and adapt its pricing, industrial and supply See also the "Inflation and currency risk", "Non-compliance" and chain policies where necessary. The Group also keeps close watch "Safety of people and property" risk factors. – where applicable through the professional associations of which it is a member – on potential changes in regulations in light of heightened geopolitical uncertainty. Business risks/Information systems and cybersecurity Risk identification Risk management In a context of digital transformation and constant development The IT Department has implemented strict security rules for of information technologies and their uses, and given L'Oréal's infrastructures, devices and applications. The information systems ambition to lead on Beauty Tech, the Group's business activities, transformation process is monitored at the highest level, and any expertise and, more generally, its relations with all stakeholders in impacts duly planned for, for example in terms of inventory and its social and economic environment, depend on an increasingly flow management. To adapt to the development of new ways of virtual and digital operation. communication and collaboration, L'Oréal has introduced an Information systems transformation is necessary to streamline, Information and Communication Technologies Charter. In order to harmonise, simplify and upgrade systems. tackle the issue of an increasing number of cyber threats, L'Oréal continuously reinforces its level of cybersecurity using a risk-based As a result, the malfunction or shutdown of these systems, the management approach. A multi-year plan was drawn up with the leakage, theft, misuse or destruction of data for exogenous or aim of reducing the level of risk from cyber threats and endogenous reasons (including cyberattacks, hacks, etc.) internally strengthening the maturity of risk management. or at a third party of the Group could have a material impact on the Group's business activities, performance and reputation. This This plan includes, in particular, anti-intrusion solutions, regular risk is amplified by the growing complexity inherent in the red teaming and penetration tests, an information system security accessible use of AI and by increasingly sophisticated audit programme, the protection of sensitive assets and global cyberattacks, which are mainly motivated by financial gain and supervision to detect malicious activities. L'Oréal constantly can be exacerbated by political and geopolitical upheaval. adapts its cybersecurity risk management to changes in the cyber threat landscape, in particular by investing in prevention, protection, detection and response capabilities, while regularly monitoring the eﬀectiveness of the measures in place. The Group is increasingly investing in incident detection and reaction systems and regularly reviews the eﬀectiveness of these solutions. An online training programme for cybersecurity best practices is available for all eligible employees (54,118 employees have completed the "Join the next Shield!" programme, i.e., 90% of eligible employees). Specific training programmes are also available for other employees. In addition to regular communication throughout the year, the Group conducts an annual worldwide awareness-raising campaign, Cyberweek. Management of risks related to data is described in the "Data" risk section. L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 157 3 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management Business risks/Health crisis Risk identification Risk management Because of its worldwide presence, L'Oréal is exposed to The crisis management system is led by a Group-level unit, epidemics or other public health crises in the 75 countries in which enabling the prevention and mitigation of the impacts of adverse it operates. events across all its entities. The main risks identified cover diﬀerent segments of the Group's In response to a health crisis, the Group's priority is to protect the business activities: health, safety and security of its employees. The Group responds ● threats to the health, safety and security of employees in the by complying with the directives of the authorities in the countries context of their duties and their business travel, as well as in which it operates, and applying and adapting its worldwide, high lockdowns preventing employees from accessing their management standards for health and safety at its operational workplace, particularly at the manufacturing and distribution sites and in business travel situations. sites; The Group's information systems allow for the large-scale ● diﬀiculties for the company to operate normally because of development of flexible and remote work methods and are the restrictive measures implemented by the authorities, which subject of adequate safety protection processes. restrict employee access to the Group's sites, or as a result of Supply chain and inventory management policies, along with the unavailability of individual protective equipment necessary business continuity plans for administrative, industrial, and to protect them; logistics sites, enable the anticipation of necessary actions to ● supply diﬀiculties, unavailability or increased prices of raw manage disruptions. Long-term relationships built with the materials and components, and limited capacity to produce and Group's strategic suppliers, sourcing diversification policies and its distribute products related to restrictive health measures put in operational continuity plans limit the impacts of these crises. place by the authorities of the countries in which the Group The Group's presence in all distribution channels, particularly operates; online sales capacities developed with diversified partners (own ● lower demand for products due to travel restrictions limiting sites, e-retailers, pure players), as well as its expertise in digitised access to physical stores, specifically aﬀecting the Travel Retail consumer relations, help maximise development opportunities in sector, which is particularly sensitive to health crises; and disrupted contexts. ● financial diﬀiculties for suppliers and clients as a result of a The Group's worldwide and balanced presence in terms of drastic reduction in their levels of business. Regions, product categories and distribution channels; the strong Depending on duration, geographic expansion and the resulting responsiveness and adaptability of its teams through its economic and social consequences, health crises may have a strategically centralised and operationally decentralised material impact on the Group's activities, its performance and its organisational model with a strong entrepreneurial spirit; and its reputation. robust financial position contribute to its ability to face the economic consequences of such crises. Business risks/Reputational crisis management Risk identification Risk management Adverse events or information, primarily related to the use or L'Oréal has implemented the following: misuse of a product, or inappropriate behaviour by an individual, ● crisis communication training, creation of a crisis management whether proven or not, could aﬀect the reputation of L'Oréal, its system dedicated to reputation protection and creating a 40 major international brands and its products and, as a result, network of experts, and support for the communication teams aﬀect sales and, more generally, its financial position. on key topics for the Group; The impact of the risk could be amplified in particular by: ● crisis risk management at corporate and local levels; ● the boom in digital and social media in all countries, ● permanent monitoring (across 14 languages) of the Group's characterised by the consistent increase in the influence of media including social media accounts. The subsidiaries social media and the speed at which information and implement their own social media and web monitoring systems controversies are circulated; under the responsibility of their Head of Communications, and ● the increase in the risk of false or incorrect information about immediately report any media risk in their country to the the Group, its brands and its products being posted on social Corporate Communications Department. Where appropriate, media, exacerbated by the growing use of artificial intelligence the Group may choose to communicate on specific topics that and potentially leading to a decline in confidence among may have been misconstrued or been subject to fake news consumers and Group stakeholders; and reports; and ● changes in society, with the Group or one of its brands being ● a crisis management procedure set up by L'Oréal aimed at targeted by consumer or other civil society organisations in a preventing, managing and mitigating the consequences of context of increasing polarisation of views. undesirable events on the company worldwide. The Group crisis The impact and management of risk associated with social selling, management oﬀicer reports directly to General Management. particularly via influencers, are described in the risk factor entitled The roll-out of the Code of Ethics across the Group aims to "Developments in sales channels". strengthen the dissemination of the rules of conduct which form See the "Safety of people and property" risk factor in the security the basis of L'Oréal's integrity and ethics. These rules of conduct crisis management information. seek to guide actions and behaviour, inspire good choices and make sure that the Group's values are reflected in the everyday acts of each employee. L'Oréal has implemented a Social Media Policy for its employees. 158 L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3 Business risks/Data Risk identification Risk management The Group has access to data relating to its products as well as to The Group has established a system of governance to structure its consumers’ current and future needs in diﬀerent regions of the data and ensure that it is used in an optimum manner. A world. The volume of data collected and processed by L'Oréal or dedicated department is responsible for leading and coordinating by its partners is increasing considerably with the growth in digital this approach, working closely with Operational and Functional activities, particularly related to personalised services for Departments (notably Transformation and Finance). consumers. These data may be altered, lost, copied or transferred The Group constantly and progressively rolls out policies, training unlawfully, or may be used fraudulently. Not only could this be and data management tools as well as the associated detrimental to consumers, but it could also hinder the organisational and technical measures. The Global IT Department development of the Group's businesses or its Research & has introduced strict rules about data security (back-up, Innovation, Digital, Marketing and Finance activities. protection and restrictions on access to confidential data). See Regulations are being tightened around the world in terms of data also the “Information systems and cybersecurity” risk. Enhanced protection (GDPR in Europe, CCPA in California, LGPD in Brazil, security measures are deployed to guarantee the safe use of etc.), cybersecurity (NIS2 and CRA in Europe) and the use of artificial intelligence and to preserve the integrity and artificial intelligence. As the use of artificial intelligence ramps up, confidentiality of this data. L'Oréal must constantly ensure that its data management policy L'Oréal has established a series of Ethical Principles for complies with all laws seeking to improve data protection, processing data, particularly personal data. This ethical including in terms of confidentiality, controlling and limiting data framework, designed to comply with legal and regulatory transfer flows, and increasing traceability and transparency requirements, has been shared with all employees and features in obligations. mandatory training courses, to raise awareness of the Group's Any breach of data integrity or confidentiality, particularly commitments. regarding personal data processed by L'Oréal or its partners, L'Oréal created a Global Data Privacy Oﬀice in 2018 to provide regardless of the reason (whether exogenous or endogenous such legal expertise and manage the Group's compliance programme. as intrusions, malicious acts, etc.), could aﬀect the privacy or The Group's Data Protection Oﬀicer (DPO) is supported by a safety of its users. This could have a significant impact on the central team and a global network of 50 data protection Group’s reputation and consumer confidence, and therefore on its correspondents covering the whole of Europe and the main business and financial position. countries in which the Group operates. Governance is based on a Global Strategic Committee, a Steering Committee for each region and a network of data protection correspondents in the business lines and Regions. This governance structure monitors the Group's compliance with diﬀerent laws, ensures the engagement of all stakeholders and makes sure the Group standards and regulations are duly adopted by suppliers and within the business lines. L'Oréal's commitments in terms of personal data and the risk management systems are detailed in section 4.8. L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 159 3 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management Business risks/Beauty market: competition and innovation Risk identification Risk management L'Oréal is under constant pressure from many competitors and The Group continually adapts its innovation model and is players in the beauty industry in all countries due to: constantly increasing its investments in research and digital ● its size and the positioning of its brands in various markets in services. which major international groups operate; L’Oréal Research & Innovation (R&I) innovates to meet beauty ● local brands and new players coming from the digital economy; aspirations worldwide in their infinite diversity. Our presence in and each major geographic Region means we can anticipate and react quickly to local needs. The Group has unique Advanced Research ● fast-changing technological developments, including in capabilities in cosmetics, enabling it to stay ahead of technological emerging fields of research by new market participants, both in trends. The R&I team enters into research and development terms of products and raw materials. partnerships for new products, technologies and raw materials, If the Group fails to anticipate or respond to changes in consumer particularly under the Group's Open Innovation programme, and expectations, especially in the areas of beauty, health and well- the BOLD (Business Opportunities for L'Oréal Development) being, personalised services, smart objects and environmental corporate venture fund invests in innovation companies. The goals, with innovative and adapted product oﬀerings, its sales and Consumer & Market Insights Department, within the Innovation growth could be aﬀected. Department, constantly monitors changes in consumer expectations by product category and major regions of the world, and a tool has been introduced to measure consumer satisfaction with the Group's products. The Group also tracks changes in consumer aspirations and behaviour by analysing sales and monitoring social media. All these research programmes are part of a long-term vision nurtured by the Strategic Planning Department within the Innovation Department, which equips the Group and its brands to address future developments. The programmes enable L'Oréal to rise to the challenges of innovation. The Digital and Marketing Department is responsible for accelerating the Group's digital transformation by helping the brands create more conducive spaces for expression and supporting teams in forging more interactive, close-knit and bespoke relationships with consumers. Consumer expectations with regard to sustainability are also at the heart of the L'Oréal for the Future programme (see chapter 4). These are taken into account in developing the Group's brand and product portfolio. The Group's acquisition strategy always takes into account changes in the competitive environment. 160 L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3 Business risks/Business ethics Risk identification Risk management As L'Oréal is a worldwide group of over 95,000 employees, which The Group's policies on sustainability, social and societal operates in 75 countries and across approximately 320 sites responsibility, compliance and corporate philanthropy are based (excluding stores and distributor points of sale), it cannot be on the Ethical Principles. The role and the resources assigned to immune to potential breaches of its ethical commitments (Code of the Chief Ethics Oﬀicer set him up for success in his work, to which Ethics based on the four Ethical Principles of Integrity, Respect, end he may call on all the Group's teams and resources (see Courage and Transparency, its Human Rights Policy, support of section 3.2.1). Specific training for management teams, regular the United Nations Global Compact and the United Nations dialogue with stakeholders and the establishment of internal Sustainable Development Goals, etc.), whether directly by its working groups underpin the inclusion of Ethics in the Group's new employees, or indirectly because of the activities of its partners, policies and strategic decisions. The ethical risks are mapped and particularly its suppliers and subcontractors. In addition, civil regularly updated, including for suppliers and subcontractors (see society is expressing higher expectations with regard to section 3.6.5.2). The roll-out of the Code of Ethics and companies' integrity and transparency and the way they manage supplementary specific policies throughout the Group, mandatory scientific and technological innovations. These expectations may, specific e-learning and continuous communication campaigns via for example, relate to the responsible use of artificial intelligence. an Ethics Day ensure that employees are aware of the ethical The use of artificial intelligence raises ethical concerns, particularly standards. A network of 80 Ethics Correspondents around the in terms of algorithmic bias, transparency, explainability and world and regular contact between the Chief Ethics Oﬀicer and respecting intellectual property, confidentiality and privacy. the Countries ensure close relationships with employees. Failures to comply with ethical commitments or the lack of a Compliance with the Code of Ethics is taken into account each response to new ethical questions could have an adverse impact year when evaluating the overall performance of employees. on the Group's reputation and expose it to criminal or Potential breaches are identified and managed through regular administrative sanctions. audits of the Group's sites and those of its suppliers and subcontractors (see section 3.6), the Group's whistleblowing line, Speak Up (www.lorealspeakup.com), which was launched in 2018 and is accessible to all Group stakeholders, together with a procedure for collecting and processing reports, that enables the identification and management of any potential breaches. The Group has also established an anti-retaliation policy for whistleblowers to help promote the Group's ethical culture and encourage employees and external stakeholders to report ethical concerns. In line with international standards and its own Ethical Principles, L'Oréal established a Responsible Framework for Trustworthy AI, which was incorporated into the 2023 update of the Group's Code of Ethics. Ethical considerations are built into the “GenAI For All” training (over 65,000 employees trained as of 31 December 2025) and are also the subject of the specific Trustworthy AI training targeting employees in the Data & Tech business lines (80% had completed this training as of 31 December 2025). The Group has made available a secure internal Generative AI platform that enables all employees to safely experiment with GenAI in their daily tasks. L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 161 3 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management Business risks/Developments in sales channels Risk identification Risk management To market its products, L'Oréal leverages not only traditional The presence of the Group’s brands across all distribution independent distribution channels and the development of direct- channels enables the Group to oﬀer its range of products and to-consumer distribution for certain brands (directly owned stores services regardless of consumer habits. The departments and e-commerce), but also social media. concerned anticipate trends to adapt to these developments and For example: have, in particular, steadily developed online sales with diverse partners (e-retailers, platforms, and marketplaces). The Way We ● by developing networks of Group brand ambassadors and Compete' policy, rolled out across the Group, sets out the communities to be part of the conversation around brands and principles to be followed in terms of competition law regarding the products (partnerships with relevant influencers, advocacy coexistence of these diﬀerent channels. marketing, etc.); and The Group has set up a solid Internal Control system, including the ● by promoting social commerce to better target the needs and roll-out of certain guidelines: expectations of consumers who are increasingly turning to these channels. ● a Code of Good Practice for the Use of Social Media for its employees; The impact of the risk could be amplified, in particular by the emergence of social beauty, which is connected and shared, and ● an Influencer Values Charter and a Social Selling Values Charter by the role of opinion leaders played by influencers with large that each influencer or social seller with whom L'Oréal follower bases. collaborates undertakes to respect; and Undisclosed advertisements or posts from influencers that clearly ● the Group's principles and the operational processes to be mislead consumers or constitute a serious or widespread blow to applied in relation to partnerships with influencers and social any of the Group’s brands, or neglecting the importance of new sellers, circulated worldwide to all employees involved in social media sales and marketing strategies, could harm the advocacy marketing. The Group seeks to work with influencers Group's results and reputation. and social sellers who share its values and Ethical Principles. Depending on the nature of the relationship, the Group reserves See also the "Reputational crisis management" risk. the right to pursue due diligence by way of reviewing information already in the public domain. These documents eﬀectively complement the rules of conduct set out in the Group's Code of Ethics. 162 L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3 Business risks/Human resources and organisational risk Risk identification Risk management One of the keys to L'Oréal's success lies in the talent of its The Group is developing a motivating, professional environment employees to ensure its growth. This is all the more true as L'Oréal with respect for its ethical values, including diversity, equity and is changing within a complex, highly competitive and rapidly inclusion. A long-term approach is taken to the recruitment and changing environment (globalisation, diversity, equity and inclusion development of employees, which also helps ensure the continuity challenges, sustainability matters, acceleration of the digital of key functions within the Group, in which training plays a core transformation, etc.) that requires specific expertise. Today's job role throughout an employee's career. market is characterised by new employee expectations, The remuneration policy combines external competitiveness and particularly with the long-term establishment of hybrid working, internal fairness. It recognises both individual and collective alternating between on-site and remote work. The use of artificial performance. intelligence is expanding and changing the way we work, particularly in Research & Innovation, Digital and Marketing. The worldwide Share & Care programme meets the essential needs of each of the Group's employees in terms of benefits, If L'Oréal fails to identify, attract, recruit, retain, promote and healthcare, parenthood, flexibility and quality of life at work. develop competent and engaged employees who behave Initiatives for stress prevention, psychological support and responsibly within diverse teams, the development of its activities workstation ergonomics have been arranged. In order to meet and its results could be aﬀected. employees' expectations in this new hybrid working environment, Moreover, given L'Oréal's activities, particularly its industrial L'Oréal has developed a balanced Group policy to ensure that operations, the risk of occupational injuries or illnesses could opportunities for cooperation, discussion and creativity are always become a reality. Psychosocial risks may aﬀect the well-being of prioritised. Group employees. This could also have an adverse impact on their Since 2010 and as part of the 2030 Health and Safety Strategy, commitment and, consequently, on the Group's performance. the Group has set itself ambitious objectives and defined global The Group's ability to develop its business depends on the projects procedures and standards based on two pillars: risk management it puts in place to drive change (new information systems, and the development of an interdependent Health and Safety processes, organisational structures, etc.), which require culture (see section 4.7.2.2.3). significant human and financial resources. Insuﬀicient support for After an initial component of its Simplicity programme centred change could aﬀect the successful implementation of these around the transformation of managerial behaviour was launched projects which would adversely impact the Group's performance. in 2018, the Group implemented a second component, Simplicity 2, in 2023, which focuses more on work habits and processes with a view to providing concrete solutions regarding workload, reducing tasks with low added value and improving employee well- being at work. The annual Pulse employee satisfaction survey helps identify potential well-being risks and implement appropriate action plans. The Group considers that supporting its employees in AI is key to its development and is putting specific training programmes in place. For example, more than 65,000 employees had completed the “GenAI For All” training course as of 31 December 2025. L'Oréal has set up a Group Transformation Department which manages project prioritisation, oversees the Group's transformation roadmap and rolls out change management policies and support measures. L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 163 3 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management Business risks/Product quality and safety Risk identification Risk management Placing a product on the market that does not meet the safety Consumer safety is an absolute priority for L'Oréal: assessing requirements, or consumer or stakeholder questions about the safety is central to any new product development process and a quality and safety of L'Oréal products, whether based on proven prerequisite before any new product can be brought to the facts or not and whether or not they are related to the use or market. The principles governing the Group's quality and safety misuse of a product, could aﬀect consumer confidence, the policy are: Group's sales and, more generally, its financial position, ● satisfaction of customer needs; particularly if complaints are made, products are recalled or ● compliance with safety requirements and laws; individual or group claims are brought. ● maintenance of standards and regular updates of safety assessment approaches; and ● product quality and compliance across the supply chain. The Global Safety Evaluation Department specifically evaluates the safety of raw materials and finished products. It establishes the toxicological profile of the ingredients used and the tolerance of the formulas before they are launched on the market, so that the Group's products can be guaranteed to be completely safe for consumer use. The same safety standards are applied worldwide to ensure identical quality across the globe. In anticipation of updates to regulations, the environmental profiles of the raw materials (that exist or are included in the catalogue) in finished products are also evaluated with the aim of reducing the environmental impact of the ingredients used by the Group. Through its international cosmeto-vigilance network, L'Oréal goes one step further in safety assessments by monitoring the potential adverse eﬀects that may arise once the product is on the market, in order to take the appropriate corrective measures, if necessary (see section 4.10). In terms of questions that members of civil society may ask regarding certain substances and their eﬀects on health and the environment, L'Oréal's position can be summarised in three points: ● vigilant monitoring of any relevant new scientific data; ● cooperation with the relevant authorities; and ● precaution leading to the substitution of ingredients in the event of a proven or strongly suspected risk. L’Oréal draws on the work of its scientific teams to answer consumers’ questions about the safety of its products, primarily through publications on its websites. Quality standards are defined by our Conception Quality Systems for Formulas, Packagings and Manufacturing Processes and by our Conformity Quality Systems for Production and Supply Chain. All factories are ISO 9001 certified for their production and follow the Best Manufacturing Practices in accordance with the ISO 22716 standard. In the case of production subcontracting, the rules governing the choice of the subcontractor and its production follow the same principles. The subcontracting quality charter takes up these requirements, compliance with which is assessed during audits, with the plan regularly strengthened to ensure appropriate checks of our partners. 164 L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3 Business risks/Safety of people and property Risk identification Risk management As a worldwide group operating in 75 countries and across In order to permanently protect these persons and resources (or approximately 320 sites (excluding stores and distributor points of Group assets) against malicious acts, the Security Department sale), the Group is exposed to a variety of risks inherent to the helps in the preventive implementation of technical, HR and environment in which it performs its activities (war, geopolitical, operational procedures to limit the residual risk of malicious climate, health/pandemic, economic and social risks, malicious damage and support the Group's international development in all acts, climate and natural disasters). The direct and indirect countries concerned. The Security Department has developed a consequences of these risks may adversely aﬀect people and the worldwide resilience improvement programme, and as part of this: assets of the Group, both tangible and intangible. ● in conjunction with related key players, it coordinates the security crisis management procedure designed to prevent, manage and mitigate the impacts of security incidents worldwide, and it mobilises specific crisis management units when needed; ● it establishes processes for alerting and reporting, mobilisation, decision-making using the CALM method, demobilisation and feedback; ● it coordinates the roll-out of business continuity plans for all administrative sites, as well as the associated tests; ● it coordinates assistance for Group employees who travel for international assignments; ● it has implemented a watch and evaluation of the state of security in the countries in which the Group is active; ● it conducts assessment updates in the countries in which it is present; ● it defines the minimum security standards to be implemented to protect the Group's activities; ● it organises training sessions and runs crisis management exercises for all entities aﬀected; and ● it develops tools to be put into action at the very start of the crisis: the POB (People On Board) and the Security Check are primarily used to assess impacts on people. The security measures are regularly adjusted and reassessed based on the local situation and the level of exposure of employees and sites. 3.5.3.2 Industrial and environmental risks Industrial and environmental risks/Product availability Risk identification Risk management In the context of a globalised supply chain and the increased L’Oréal regularly reviews its safety stock policies based on geographic concentration of certain supply sources, the failure of perceived risks, anticipates growth scenarios, reserves capacities an external supplier to deliver raw materials, filling and packaging with its suppliers and negotiates long-term contracts with articles or finished products, whether resulting from operational them. There are business continuity plans in place for each diﬀiculties or significant failures to comply with ethical operational site. The Group is currently rolling out a single commitments, along with a major interruption of operations in a methodology of business continuity plans at all its factories and L'Oréal industrial unit or shipping hub, could impact the Group's distribution centres. These plans aim to anticipate disruption at sales because of the unavailability of products that could result Group supply chain sites and ensure timely business continuity. from this. The impact of these risks could be amplified if the Group For raw materials, L’Oréal has established a centralised team that is dependent on certain suppliers. manages and anticipates availability risks through action plans, In 2025, Group purchases related to production totalled including searching for alternative sourcing and reviewing formula €6.3 billion or 14% of its sales. designs. For its packaging, L'Oréal duplicates moulds for its The impact and management of risk associated with the strategic products, implements operational continuity plans with availability of products caused by climate change are described in its suppliers and reviews, if required, the design of its formulas and the risk factor entitled "Climate change". finished products. The main suppliers and subcontractors are asked to comply with the Mutual Ethical Commitment Letter, which covers, in particular, Human Rights, working conditions, environmental protection and integrity. L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 165 3 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management Industrial and environmental risks/Climate change Risk identification Risk management The Group's activities are exposed to the physical and transition Taking into account environmental challenges, and in particular risks related to climate change. eﬀorts to combat climate change, is an integral part of L'Oréal's The increase in natural risks, both extreme and chronic, the loss of business model. biodiversity, and the growing pressure on water resources could The Group has set itself decarbonisation targets for 2030 and impact the availability of finished products by disrupting the 2050, covering Scopes 1, 2 & 3 greenhouse gas emissions. These Group's operations and supply chain. The scarcity of resources targets, validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in and the implementation of the transition towards a low-carbon April 2024, build on the achievements of the L'Oréal for the economy could also increase costs through, for example, higher Future programme and aﬀirm the Group's ambition to achieve plastic packaging recycling costs or carbon taxes. Net Zero by 2050. Insuﬀicient consideration during product design related to the The targets are as follows: impact of their usage by consumers could represent a risk for ● in the short term, i.e., by 2030, reduce Scopes 1 & 2 emissions by sales in certain areas of the world aﬀected by water stress or the 57% and Scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services, lack of adapted infrastructure to collect and treat waste and upstream transportation and distribution and business travel wastewater. by 28% compared to 2019; and Consumer choices could be increasingly influenced by the impact ● in the long term, i.e., by 2050, reduce Scopes 1, 2 & 3 emissions by associated with the use of a product (its carbon footprint, water 90% compared to 2019, oﬀsetting any residual emissions to footprint or impact on biodiversity) and by the Group's overall achieve net zero. environmental performance, particularly in terms of reducing its CO2 emissions across all Scopes. L'Oréal is aiming to use 100% recycled or reused water by 2030, prioritising the roll-out of the required equipment, subject to the If the Group did not suﬀiciently anticipate all these impacts and water situation of the watersheds in the areas it operates. To did not initiate a voluntary process to reduce and adapt to climate address the aforementioned risk associated with product usage and change, its financial and non-financial performance as well as its sales, L’Oréal looks to develop water-saving products or technologies reputation could be impacted. to enable consumers – particularly in water-stressed markets – to meet their hygiene and beauty needs. Management of potential consequences of extreme events is described in the section on "Product availability" risk. The Group also launched a programme called Green Sciences to shift its raw material portfolio through the development of ingredients with a favourable environmental profile, in minimising the environmental impacts associated with growing plant sources of these ingredients (deforestation, soil depletion, consequences on biodiversity, for example), and by leveraging eco-friendly processes that prevent upstream pollution. This approach also includes managing the risks associated with shortages or price volatility of biobased raw materials amid the increasing scarcity of resources. To address these risks, L’Oréal is rolling out a Sustainable Land Use Policy, strengthening sustainable sourcing, and implementing interventions aimed at increasing the resilience of its priority ecosystems. L'Oréal's ecodesign objectives are also central to its approach, particularly in terms of packaging, where the increase in costs linked to recycled materials is an identified risk. The Group embeds the principles of ecodesign into every stage of its products’ life cycle in order to minimise its environmental footprint and take into account the challenges associated with waste and eﬀluent collection and treatment infrastructure. At the same time, L'Oréal actively contributes to Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) schemes for packaging, with the aim of optimising end-of-life management and adopting a circular approach. L'Oréal has specific training programmes in order to raise employees' awareness about issues related to the climate, water, biodiversity and resources. These programmes have recently been rounded out by Going Sustainable Together – a priority training course for all employees, which teaches practical ways of incorporating sustainable practices into their respective businesses, and forms part of the L'Oréal for the Future programme. To keep its consumers informed and enable them to make more sustainable choices, L'Oréal has joined forces with key players in the cosmetics industry to co-found the EcoBeautyScore Consortium. The consortium aims to provide a clear and transparent assessment of cosmetic products’ environmental impact using a scientific impact assessment method, a shared database of ingredients, a common rating tool and a standardised rating system. L'Oréal also implements action plans on specific issues, as described in chapter 4 (Sustainability Report) and section 1.4.2. 166 L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3 Industrial and environmental risks/Environment and safety Risk identification Risk management The Group, with its 87 industrial sites (owned factories and The Group's Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Policy aims to distribution centres), including three classified as "Seveso high minimise the impact on the environment and guarantee the health threshold", is exposed to various industrial risks related to the and safety of employees, customers and the communities in environment and safety (fires, explosions, failure of equipment or which L'Oréal carries out its activities. As a result of this policy, the safety systems, or even human error in operating existing facilities risks inherent in our business activities are systematically or managing works, etc.). These could result in injuries, accidental identified and brought under control. pollution within or outside the Group sites, particularly when they The Operations Department issues internal rules that set out the are located in a populated area, and/or the temporary principles of L'Oréal's EHS Policy. Each site is covered by an EHS unavailability of an industrial site. The occurrence of such events Manager. EHS risk management programmes, methods and tools could have a financial, operational and reputational impact. are implemented and the corresponding training programmes are being rolled out systematically. EHS performance indicators are collected monthly from all factories, distribution centres, and administrative and research sites with over 50 people. Special audits are conducted by internal EHS teams and external independent experts. The fire risk is controlled by very strict fire prevention standards (National Fire Protection Association standards or equivalent). Industrial sites classified as "Seveso" are subject to specific procedures adapted to the nature of the risks related to storage of chemicals or flammable materials and are in compliance with the regulations. Since 2020, the Group has extended compliance with the main requirements of the European Seveso Directive beyond the European Union to all sites it operates worldwide. Across all its sites, the Group strives to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions, its water consumption and its waste generation and to limit the impact of its activity on biodiversity. The Group also aims to reduce the footprint from the transport of its products and to no longer send waste to landfill. Details of how the risk relating to the temporary unavailability of an industrial site is managed are given in the section on "Product availability". 3.5.3.3 Legal and regulatory risks Legal and regulatory risks/Non-compliance Risk identification Risk management The Group is subject to many general and specific laws, such as L’Oréal’s Code of Ethics sets out the fundamental business ethics the European REACH and CLP (Classification, Labelling, principles which L’Oréal considers particularly important. The Packaging) regulations on cosmetic products intended to Group’s Legal Charter reiterates the importance of complying strengthen the safety of cosmetic and chemical products for with local legislation, especially in terms of contracts, corporate humans and the environment, and legislation on competition and law, intellectual property and competition law, embargoes and corruption and international trade controls, including policies on economic sanctions, and personal data protection. economic sanctions. The diverse and constantly evolving regulatory To ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, the Group landscape, as well as its growing instability due to a fragmented has implemented a robust system of governance involving all the geopolitical environment, expose the Group to non-compliance Group's operating entities and Functional Departments (in risk and an increase in its compliance costs. particular the Internal Control Department, the Legal & L'Oréal remains exposed to the risk of default or fraud, which Compliance Department, the Regulatory and Claims could have an impact on its reputation, its business activities and Substantiation Department, Public Aﬀairs and Operations). This its results. governance means that the Group is able to monitor legislation on In its communications, L'Oréal highlights the innovative nature, an ongoing basis and take any measures necessary to comply quality and performance (including environmental) of its products. with it or assert its rights in a timely manner. To improve its These communications may be challenged by authorities, management of certain non-compliance risks and to navigate a organisations or consumers, despite every care used to guarantee complex and constantly changing international regulatory their accuracy and fairness. Such actions could aﬀect sales or, more environment, the governance of compliance has evolved to form generally, the Group's financial position, particularly if claims are the Legal & Compliance Department. Legal & Compliance is made or products recalled. responsible for defining and managing the Group's compliance programmes in the areas of competition law, embargoes and See also the "Legal disputes" risk. economic sanctions, corruption prevention, personal data protection and duty of care. Close collaboration has been established with the organisation's various control functions to ensure these programs are duly implemented and eﬀective. L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 167 3 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management Legal and regulatory risks/Non-compliance The Group's Legal & Compliance Department has set up dedicated training courses in competition law for all appropriate employees. L'Oréal is also involved in an ongoing dialogue with national or regional authorities in charge of specifically regulating products in its sector through the professional or industry associations to which it belongs. In the areas of fraud and corruption, the roll-out to all Group subsidiaries of programmes to prevent corruption (see section 3.2.3) and raise awareness of fraud risk contribute to the management of these risks. To ensure any embargoes are observed, the Group has put in place rules on the terms of delivery and transport of its goods, with the aim of ensuring the control and compliance of formalities in terms of customs imports and exports. Learning programmes about customs fundamentals are also delivered to all appropriate employees in the Operations Department. In terms of taxation, the Group refers to a tax policy and the systems described in section 3.2.4. With regard to the REACH and CLP regulations, L'Oréal communicates proactively with its European suppliers in order to ensure a long-term supply of compliant raw materials. An action plan has been drawn up at L'Oréal in order to improve the design and methods used to assess the safety of raw materials. It led to the end of testing finished products on animals in 1989 (14 years before it became a legal obligation in Europe) and the development of predictive evaluation strategies to meet European regulations. The Regulatory and Claims Substantiation Department checks that product communications are compliant with regulations in force before the products are introduced on the market. The Group's Code of Ethics sets out the fundamental principles of responsible communication and L'Oréal has made a commitment to implement the International Chamber of Commerce Consolidated Code of Advertising and Marketing Communication Practice and the Cosmetics Europe Charter and Guiding Principles on responsible advertising and marketing communication to which the key global cosmetics industry players in Europe adhere. The Group's principles for "responsible product advertising" are described in a summary brochure disseminated worldwide to raise employee awareness about compliance with Ethical Principles, specific legal and regulatory requirements, and operational processes for the prior control of product communications. The main legal and regulatory risks are reported to General Management and to the Audit Committee. 168 L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3 Legal and regulatory risks/Legal disputes Risk identification Risk management In the ordinary course of its business, in view of its global reach When assessing risks associated with legal disputes, L'Oréal takes and the increasing complexity of the legal and regulatory into account the specific features of local legal environments, environment, the Group may be involved in varying types of legal particularly for product liability in the United States, where the risk disputes, particularly concerning products, and may be subject to is exacerbated by the possibility of serial individual legal tax, customs and administrative audits. Certain disputes could proceedings or class actions, as well as by the high costs of legal have an impact on the Group's financial position and/or defence, the unpredictability of verdicts handed down by juries, reputation. and intense media coverage of certain proceedings and decisions. See also the "Non-compliance" risk. The main legal risks are reported to General Management and presented to the Audit Committee. The Group is currently involved in legal disputes related to competition law, product liability and taxation. It carefully monitors any disputes in which it may be implicated, and uses all legal means to defend its legitimate interests. For this purpose it relies on the expertise of the Legal & Compliance Department (at Group, Region and Country level), the Tax Department, and its external advisers, as well as on input from business lines and functions at Division and Region level. L'Oréal has no knowledge of any governmental procedures, legal or arbitration proceedings, pending or threatened, that may have, or have had over the last 12 months, material eﬀects on the financial position or profitability of the Company and/or the Group, other than those described in note 12.2 "Contingent liabilities and material ongoing disputes" to the consolidated financial statements. Legal and regulatory risks/Intellectual property: trademarks, designs & models, domain names, patents Risk identification Risk management The brands, particularly the 40 major international brands, Special care is given to the protection of trademarks, designs, designs, models, domain names and patents filed are strategic models, domain names and copyright belonging to the Group. This intangible assets for the Group. responsibility is entrusted to the Intellectual Property and Media Given the image and reputation of the Group around the world Department, which operates within Legal & Compliance. The and given the large number of patents (725 in 2025) and department oversees the worldwide protection, management and trademarks filed by L'Oréal, third parties could: defence of intellectual property rights via searches for prior rights, monitoring of registration and renewal procedures, the ● dispute the validity of L'Oréal's intellectual property rights, or implementation of monitoring services and the launching of attempt to enforce their intellectual property rights against the appropriate legal action against counterfeiters (legal proceedings, products marketed by L'Oréal; or customs operations, etc.). ● infringe on L'Oréal's intellectual property rights, reproduce or In order to protect the Group against the risk of appropriation of a imitate the Group's packaging and products in order to benefit molecule, a formula, packaging, an application system or an illegitimately from the name or associated technologies and application by another company, L'Oréal has set up the thereby make undue profits from the eﬀorts and investments International Industrial Property Department, a specific structure made by the Group. which is part of the Research & Innovation Department. Given the competitive context in which a growing number of This department is responsible for filing, obtaining and defending patents and trademarks are filed, and in which some intellectual the Group's patents worldwide. In addition, it conducts studies on property rights result from acquisitions or are developed by third the free use of Group products with regard to third-party patents parties ("open development"), the free use of a technology or full and monitors the legality of competitors' products with regard to availability of a brand before any launch cannot, therefore, be the Group's patents. completely secured by L'Oréal. The Group is also an active member of organisations which have The proliferation of content generated using artificial intelligence set themselves the goal of combating counterfeiting and (AI) gives rise to a number of risks in terms of intellectual property, promoting best commercial practices. This is the case of the including uncertainty as to the ownership of rights to works and UNIFAB (Union des Fabricants), the APRAM (Association des of inventions created entirely or partly by AI, the possibility of Praticiens du Droit des Marques et des Modèles), and the AIM benefiting from copyright protection, as well as a higher risk of (Alternative Investment Market). infringement of third-party rights. In order to mitigate and manage these risks, L'Oréal trains its employees and raises their awareness through relevant content and measures such as providing guidelines on the creation and distribution of AI-generated content. The Group has an ongoing legal and regulatory watch system in place for monitoring intellectual property risks. L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 169 3 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3.5.3.4 Financial and market risks Financial and market risks/Inflation and currency risk Risk identification Risk management Due to its international presence, L'Oréal is naturally exposed to L'Oréal's global presence and its portfolio of 40 major currency fluctuations. In addition, business flows resulting from international brands help to maintain a balance in sales between purchases and sales of items, products, royalties and services the Regions, product categories and distribution channels (details arise between subsidiaries in diﬀerent countries. Procurement by on sales from the Regions are presented in sections 1.1.4. and 1.1.6). subsidiaries is mainly in the currency of the supplier's country. The Treasury and Corporate Finance Charter specifies, in Fluctuations between the main currencies and customs duty rates particular, the principles to be applied by Group entities to ensure may therefore have an impact on the results of the subsidiaries, that management of currency risk is both prudent and centralised. but also on the Group's results during the conversion of non-euro To limit currency risk, the Group applies a predetermined strategy subsidiaries' accounts into euros and, as a result, make it diﬀicult whereby it hedges a significant portion of its annual requirements for to compare performances between two financial years. the following year through currency forward contracts (purchases or Furthermore, as a result of the global inflationary, economic and sales) or through options. Hedging requirements are established for monetary context, the Group is exposed to increased volatility in the following year on the basis of operating budgets of each global currencies and to an increase in the cost of its supplies, in subsidiary. These requirements are then reviewed regularly particular. throughout the year in progress and the hedging is adjusted. For better visibility over the flows generated, currency risk management The impact of hedging on equity and the analysis of sensitivity to is centralised through the Treasury Department at head oﬀice, which currency fluctuations are detailed in note 11.3. "Other uses a specific tool for pooling subsidiaries' cash requirements by comprehensive income" in the consolidated financial statements. currency. Lastly, the impact of foreign exchange gains and losses on the income statement is described in note 10.2. "Foreign exchange The system of foreign exchange risk hedging is regularly presented gains and losses" of the consolidated financial statements. to t
