 and internal control, ethics Calculation of corporate officers’ and Media 9 M&A and investor relations Debt and liquidity management directors’ variable compensation 6 Banking/Finance 8 Finance/Audit/Accounting/Risk Development projects (including in Europe and Governance arrangements and processes 4 Industry 8 Executive management Africa and the Middle East) and strategic planning of the Board 5 Retail 2 Production/Supply chain Fees and operating conditions for statutory auditors Identification of suitable replacements for 6 Regulatory framework outgoing Board members International experience 10 Legal/Compliance/Governance/Ethics Review of the Group’s main CSR priorities 10 CSR & sustainable development Strategy and Technology Committee (i.e., to fulfil its purpose, address social and 12 Europe (including France) (4: climate and the environment) Review of major projects carried out in preparation environmental challenges, ensure ethical 9 Americas 7 Sales/Marketing for the establishment of the new strategic plan business conduct and compliance, etc.) and 5 Asia 8 Innovation & technology Review of multi-year investment programs and major monitoring of their implementation 7 Africa/Middle East technological partnerships Monitoring of changes in employee Review of the Group’s innovation and research barometer indicators and the policy on objectives and the value they offer in terms of workplace gender equality and pay equity products, services or uses Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 24 Our strengths — 25 Board of Directors As of 15 February 2023 1. 2. 3. 1. Jacques Aschenbroich 9. Anne-Gabrielle Heilbronner Chairman, independent director Independent director, Chairwoman of the GCSERC 2. Christel Heydemann 10. Anne Lange Chief Executive Officer, director Director elected at the suggestion of the French State 3. Valérie Beaulieu 11. Bernard Ramanantsoa Independent director Independent director, Chairman of the Audit Committee 4. 5. 6. 4. Stéphanie Besnier 12. Frédéric Sanchez Director representing the French State Independent director, Chairman of the STC 5. Alexandre Bompard 13. Jean-Michel Severino Independent director Independent director 6. Thierry Chatelier 14. Thierry Sommelet Director representing employee shareholders Director representing Bpifrance Participations 7. Sébastien Crozier 15. Magali Vallée Director representing employees Director representing employees 7. 8. 9. 8. Vincent Gimeno Director representing employees 45% 55% 63.6% women men independent directors 10. 11. 12. The above percentages exclude directors representing employees and employee shareholders. 4.1 years 55.9 years old Average number of Average age years of service 13. 14. 15. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 26 Our strengths — 27 Christel Heydemann, As of 3 April 2023 An Executive Committee Chief Executive Officer to deliver the new strategic plan Jean-François Fabienne Dulac, Fallacher, Executive Executive Vice President The Executive Committee is responsible for leading the operational Vice President, Transformation management of the Group’s business activities and, since early 2023, CEO of Orange France overseeing the deployment of Lead the Future, Orange’s new strategic plan. Hugues Foulon, Nicolas Guérin, Executive Secretary-General Vice President, for the Group CEO of and Secretary Orange Cyberdefense of the Board of Directors Jérôme Hénique, Caroline Guillaumin, Executive Executive Vice President, Vice President CEO of Orange Middle Communication East and Africa (OMEA) — The Executive Committee, acting under the authority of CEO Christel Heydemann since her appointment in April 2022, coordinates the implementation of the Group’s strategy. Mari-Noëlle Vincent Lecerf, Jégo-Laveissière, Executive Executive Vice Vice President A new strategic plan President, CEO Human Resources of Orange in Europe — In 2022, the Executive Committee played a key role in preparing Lead the Future—the (outside France) new strategic plan developed by Orange to build on its core business excellence and achieve sustainable growth in Europe, as well as Africa and the Middle East. Since the launch of Lead the Future, the Committee has been busy steering the plan’s implementation Aliette Élizabeth Tchoungui, Mousnier-Lompré, Executive and addressing economic and structural challenges facing the sector. Executive Vice President Vice President, Corporate Social CEO of Responsibility A new management team Orange Business — The composition of the Executive Committee has been adapted to reflect the changes Michaël Trabbia, Jean-Michel Thibaud, brought about by the new strategic plan. Over half of members have taken up their positions in Executive Interim Executive the last 12 months. A new division, Orange Wholesale, was created in February 2023 to Vice President, Vice President support the Group’s ambitions as regards infrastructure and international networks and derive CEO of Orange Finance, Performance higher value from the Group’s assets in markets where we provide products and services to Wholesale, and and Development** Chief Technology and third-party operators. Accountable to executive management, a team has also been tasked Innovation Officer* with helping to make our enterprise model more efficient, responsible and sustainable. * Bruno Zerbib will take up his role as Chief Technology and Innovation Officer on 1 June 2023. ** Laurent Martinez will take up his role as Executive Vice President Finance, Performance and Development on 1 September 2023. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 28 Our strengths — 29 A compensation policy reflecting A balanced and measured compensation policy the Group’s balanced strategy — Each year, the Board of Directors assesses the compensation due to Orange’s corporate officers on the basis of recommendations made by the Governance and Corporate Social and Environmental Responsibility Committee. It is also subject to approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting as part of shareholders’ Say on Pay. We implement our Corporate The Orange compensation policy for senior executives is not just a Social and Environmental Responsibility strategy by incorporating non-financial management tool for attracting, motivating and retaining the talent we need. performance criteria into the compensation packages of corporate officers and members of It also meets the expectations of shareholders and other stakeholders in terms the Executive Committee. These criteria include social indicators, such as the rate of of full transparency and with regard to performance and the fulfilment of CSR women’s participation in management networks, levels of access to training, the commitments. Group-wide Employee Barometer, and environmental indicators, including reduction in CO2 emissions. Chief Executive Officer The three pillars of executive compensation 2022 Compensation Fixed compensation (from 4 April) — The fixed compensation of corporate officers is determined by the level and complexity of their responsibilities, their experience and professional background, and market analysis 34% Annual fixed compensation for comparable positions. In collaboration with a benchmarking consultancy, we regularly 32% Annual variable compensation conduct studies to ensure our compensation levels and structures are competitive relative 27% Multi-year variable compensation 7% Defined-contribution retirement plan to those of similarly sized and complex companies. Criteria and weightings Variable compensation for the 2022 target annual variable compensation — Variable compensation is intended to give corporate officers an incentive to fulfil the Financial criteria annual performance targets set by the Board of Directors in line with the corporate strategy. 15% Organic revenue growth 15% Organic cash flow from telecoms activities The variable component is split into levels of performance with a balanced weighting 20% EBITDAaL between financial (50%) and non-financial (50%) criteria. While the ratio between the variable and fixed components of the total annual compensation awarded to the Chief Non-financial criteria Executive Officer was approximately 1:1 in 2022, it can reach 1.5:1 when targets are 17% BtoC and BtoB service quality 33% Social performance exceeded. Performance shares for the target multi-year variable compensation — Corporate officers benefit from performance share grants under the Long-Term Incentive Performance share plan 2022-2024 Plan (LTIP) when they contribute to medium- and long-term value creation for the company Performance indicators 30% Total shareholder return (TSR) in line with the expectations of shareholders. Performance is measured over a three-year 50% Organic cash flow from telecoms activities period and is based on criteria that take into account the direct contribution of executives to 20% Composite CSR indicator the long-term overall performance of the company. The plan is open to members of the (reduction in CO2 emissions: 10%; Executive Committee, as well as executive and leadership networks. rate of women’s participation in management networks: 10%) The compensation package for the Chief Executive Officer also includes a defined-contribution retirement plan and, where relevant, non-cash benefits (such as company cars and medical check-ups). Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 30 Our business model Building, rolling out and Operating fixed and mobile Offering connectivity, providing mutualized solutions networks financial, IT and for digital infrastructure cybersecurity services Orange Our strengths — 31 Assets Value created People A major and responsible employer Our purpose: 136,000 employees 8,000 working in research and innovation, including 680 as researchers 11,900 recruitments on unlimited contracts in 2022 As a trusted 85% of employees say they are proud to 2,700 cybersecurity experts work at Orange 33.1% of women in management networks 91% of employees completed at least partner, Industrial assets one training program in 2022 Orange gives Fiber: 64.9 m FTTH connectable homes Providing an essential service worldwide, with 45.9 m connections No.1 for mobile network quality in France deployed by Orange in Europe for the 12th year running (Arcep) everyone 70,000 mobile towers worldwide and 450,000 km of submarine cables owned and Leadership position in the European fiber and convergence markets (with 12.9 m and the keys to co-owned 4G coverage reaching an average of nearly 11.6 m customers respectively) 29.1 m active Orange Money customers a responsible 99% of the population in Orange’s 2 m Orange Bank customers in Europe 8 operating countries in Europe 45,000 malicious websites blocked each year and 17 operating countries in Africa and the digital world. Middle East 5G rolled out in 7 European countries and Responsible and open innovation 5 research chairs funded 1 African country Awarded the GEEIS-AI label for inclusive 32 cyber threat detection centers worldwide artificial intelligence 3% of ITN* equipment purchases made up of 17 Orange 5G Labs refurbished products 53 start-ups backed by Orange Ventures since 2015, 7 of which for the first time in 2022 Commercial assets USD 18.7 bn: Orange’s brand value in 2022 Solid financial performance (BrandZ ranking) Revenue: €43.5 bn 4,900 stores across the world and EBITDAaL: €13 bn 1.5 m resellers in Africa and the Middle East Operating income: €4.8 bn 43,400 employees in customer-facing roles Organic cash flow from telecoms 50% of customer support requests resolved activities: €3.1 bn via digital channels Dividends paid: €2.2 bn 1.8% of refurbished mobile devices sold in Europe A controlled environmental impact 20.8% reduction in scope 1 and 2 Financial assets CO2 emissions between 2015 and 2022** €35 bn in equity 23.1%: collection rate of unwanted mobiles 7.64% of shareholder base made up of by Europe employees and former employees 1.93×: satisfactory debt ratio Progress towards digital equality €500 m worth of sustainability bonds issued 1 m participants in our digital workshops and in 2022 training courses since 2021 23 countries offering affordable smartphones Suppliers and partners with internet access 37.8% of the Group’s electricity derived from 4 European countries with special offers for renewable sources low-income households 96% of suppliers committed to complying 18 Orange Digital Centers with the Code of Conduct (ESG) BuyIn, a joint venture between Orange and Responsible and ethical working relationships Deutsche Telekom to optimize strategic and 549 corrective action plans carried out after CSR sustainable procurement activities audits conducted under the JAC*** €17 m spent on goods and services from companies in the sheltered employment sector * IT & network ** On a comparable basis 2022 Data *** Joint Alliance for CSR: an association of telecoms operators that seeks to audit, assess, and develop the implementation of CSR principles 2022 Integrated Annual Report 32 Our strengths — 33 Our business model Offering connectivity, financial, IT and cybersecurity services — Our business model revolves around delivering reliable services and a high-quality customer experience. The strength of the Orange brand, the extent of our physical distribution network (4,900 stores across the world and 1.5 million resellers in Africa and the Middle East), our digital channels, and our commitment to developing accessible and inclusive products and services enable us to provide trusted digital services that meet all our customers’ needs and expectations. We deploy our expertise across the entire digital value chain to provide The deployment of very high-speed (fiber, 4G, 5G, etc.) networks ensures we can bring our retail, business, and wholesale customers with highly tailored responses to connectivity solutions to all our retail, business and wholesale customers. The Group has their needs while creating lasting value for all our stakeholders. 11.6 million convergent fixed and mobile customers. Orange provides innovative, value-creating mobile services to retail and business customers, drawing on its experience as an infrastructure operator and a connectivity solution provider. We enable 29.1 million active Orange Money customers in Africa and the Middle East to complete financial transactions quickly and easily on the move. Orange’s mobile financial services are used by 2 million Orange Bank customers in Europe and 1.1 million customers in Africa. Our IT services (related to cybersecurity, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, data analysis, etc.) contribute to business digital transformation. We offer businesses innovative solutions that reflect the changes occurring in their sectors and enable them to improve their economic performance. With 2,700 experts and 32 cyber threat detection centers, Orange Cyberdefense has emerged as a leading provider of cybersecurity services in Europe. Building infrastructure and operating networks Creating value for all our stakeholders — Orange, France’s incumbent telecoms operator, is a leading digital company in Europe and — Our aim is to create value for our shareholders, customers, employees, and society as a around the world. The fixed and mobile networks we roll out and operate reach individuals in whole (see pages 112-113 for more information on value sharing). We are committed to 26 countries in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, and businesses in almost 220 countries and enhancing the profitability and financial value of our business for our shareholder base, regions. We leverage our unique expertise to design, deploy, maintain, and provide mutualized 7.64% of which is made up of employees and former employees. As an operator, we continue infrastructure solutions that enable essential digital services. Our priority is to develop to upgrade our networks to enhance connectivity, help customers build their digital skills, and high-performance, secure, and resilient networks with significantly lower carbon footprints. support businesses and regions. Orange is the leader in fiber-optic infrastructure deployment across Europe, with almost Orange invests in its teams’ skills development, supports new ways of working and promotes 46 million FTTH connections deployed by the end of 2022. Our two European FiberCos are gender diversity in all areas of the business. committed to expanding fiber coverage in rural areas. The Group has adopted a targeted and responsible approach to deploying 5G in Europe and Africa, focusing on busy areas with high We comply with exacting criteria as regards responsible procurement, ethics, and human connectivity needs and 4G networks nearing saturation. Our customers living in remote areas rights across our value chain. Aware of the urgent need for environmental action, we can also now access very high-speed broadband using satellite technology. The Group constantly strive to improve the energy efficiency of our networks, buildings, and modes of co-owns 450,000 km of submarine cables worldwide and supports digital sovereignty in transport and increase the percentage of our electricity coming from renewable sources. Europe through a network of data centers. Its subsidiary Totem, one of the leading TowerCos in What’s more, we integrate circular economy thinking into our procurement strategy, Europe, strengthens Orange’s position as a manager and operator of passive mobile production processes, and industries to ensure more products and services are designed in infrastructure. an eco-friendly way, prolonging the lifespan of products and equipment. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 34 Our strengths — 35 Trends and Essential digital services Innovation with a positive impact opportunities — Global demand for connectivity and digital services is continuously increasing. New public and business uses are — Fueled by a dynamic ecosystem, technological innovation brings endless possibilities—network functions contributing to the rise in network traffic. virtualization, the emergence of Billions of people around the world use digital services on a daily basis. Public and private sectors are undergoing connectivity-as-a-service solutions that can Driven by innovative technologies and a surge in demand, these services play digital transformations as essential services be ordered and configured on demand, the a key role in responding to economic, environmental and social challenges. such as education, healthcare and finance use of data and AI—that are being Telecom operators have to remain agile and adapt their business to respond move online. To meet this demand as well as developed and tested but must also be to unprecedentedly complex challenges. financial and environmental requirements, challenged. As a key driver of growth, telecom operators must deploy very innovation must be approached in a high-speed (fiber, 4G, 5G, satellite) networks purposeful manner that has a positive while also decommissioning previous impact on individuals and society as a generations of networks (2G, 3G, copper). whole. Global mobile data traffic is set to increase Number of 5G users worldwide more than threefold in the next six years. at the end of 2022 Source: GSMA, 2022 Source: Ericsson Mobility Report 2022 3.6-fold 1 bn Percentage of people in Africa with Ratio between the energy consumption of a fixed internet access in 2022 fiber-optic line and that of an STN/ADSL line Source: International Telecommunication Union (ITU) Source: French telecom federation, 2022 40% 1/3:1 Opportunities Opportunities Vital telecom services to keep businesses Development of digital services with and consumers connected a positive impact Solutions development to meet the Improved customer experience growth in demand Operational efficiency Inclusive and affordable digital offers Network energy efficiency Support for responsible uses Maintenance of economic activity and social ties Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 36 Our strengths — 37 Necessary protection for Proactive environmental Increasingly competitive Heightened uncertainty amid data and infrastructure responsibility talent race economic turmoil — In an increasingly challenging cyber threat — In an increasingly digital world, operators — Companies in certain sectors, including — Aside from the devastating impact on landscape, the sector must be able to need to do more to fulfil their net-zero cybersecurity, are facing recruitment people’s lives, the ongoing geopolitical safeguard the integrity of data and physical carbon objectives, limit the use of rare difficulties owing to the widespread demand conflict has triggered an energy crisis and infrastructure. The European Union has resources and protect biodiversity. Possible for workers with relevant skills. To appeal to shortages, shaking entire economies. established a framework to protect citizens future steps include promoting the circular potential hires while retaining their existing Telecom operators therefore have to contend and businesses in this risk-filled environment. economy, using renewables and developing employees, companies need to promote with a global slowdown, as well as more Operators looking to tap into the booming solutions to reduce greenhouse gas skills development, provide meaningful and intense competition and rising inflation in cybersecurity market need to integrate the emissions. As extreme weather events stimulating work opportunities, support Europe. This uncertainty is forcing them to notion of trust into each of their services. become more frequent and intense, employees’ work-life balance and build a rethink their supply chains and seize infrastructure resilience becomes more workplace culture that promotes human opportunities to sustainably transform critically important to the sector. rights, ethics, diversity and inclusion. business models and focus on growth in certain regions, such as Africa and the Middle East. Increase in the number of cyberattack victims Percentage of global greenhouse gas emissions Number of cybersecurity vacancies worldwide Global growth rate in 2023 in Europe between 2021 and 2022 caused by the digital sector Source: Orange, 2022 Source: IMF, 2023 Source: Orange Cyberdefense, 2023 Source: The Shift Project, 2021 18% 3.5% > 3.5 m 2.8% (compared with 3.4% in 2022) Average cost of data loss for a business Number of mobile phones thrown out worldwide Number of workers that need to be trained by 2030 Annual rate of population growth in in 2022 in 2022 to meet the demand for digital services in Africa sub-Saharan Africa between 2022 and 2030 Source: Dell Technologies, 2022 Source: WEEE Forum, 2022 Source: BCG, 2022 Source: UN, 2022 USD 1.06 m 5.3 bn 650 m 2.5% Opportunities Opportunities Opportunities Opportunities Development of advanced cybersecurity Reduction of the Group’s environmental Employer reputation and appeal Growth in Africa and the Middle East solutions footprint through the use of digital Agility and operational efficiency Consolidation in the European telecom Increase in network expertise technology Skills acquisition support and shift market Development of trusted services for Offers that reduce our (retail, business, towards new business opportunities Transformation to a sustainable business individuals, businesses and governments etc.) customers’ environmental footprint model Investments in network resilience Development of the circular economy Contained price increases to help offset Support to ensure all Group stakeholders soaring operating costs, particularly reduce their CO2 emissions those related to energy for fixed and mobile networks Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 38 Our strengths — 39 Risk management Geopolitical and macro- Description and impact: growing number of crises or conflicts that could lead to harm to individuals or damage to assets (whether as a economic result of conflation with the French State or not), business instability disruption, increased legal and regulatory pressure or international sanctions; increased pressure on certain local infrastructure as a result of migrant crises; economic crisis (inflation); decline in financial performance; impairment loss. Examples of protection/prevention measures: We use In an ever-changing environment where certain risks must be taken to seize monitoring and alert systems to anticipate a number of eventualities opportunities and address new technological, economic and social including national and international conflicts and tensions. These challenges, our risk management framework helps ensure we deliver on our systems help us take appropriate steps to avoid or mitigate the purpose so that our stakeholders continue to place their trust in us. risks, protect people and assets and ensure business continuity. Additionally, we support local communities through targeted initiatives and the Orange Foundation network. Description and impact: concentration of offerings, dominance of Overreliance certain suppliers and increased outsourcing, against a backdrop of on a global geopolitical tensions, impacting on supply chains and service supplier continuity, particularly in the event of unilateral withdrawal of a key supplier; unfair contractual terms imposed by a supplier or — Orange has the structure, procedures and systems in place to anticipate risks and decisions made by a State or an authority that interfere with implement targeted measures to prevent and mitigate them. The goal is to provide reasonable business operations. assurance about the company’s resilience and its ability to meet its objectives and fulfill its Examples of protection/prevention measures: Our purchasing commitments, in line with its purpose and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. policies include a risk assessment in the supplier selection and monitoring process. We regularly update our procurement and The Group’s Risk Committee helps executive management report on risk management diversification strategy to make our supply chain and business activities to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors. Spearheaded by the Group Audit, dealings more secure. We ask our suppliers to choose recycled Control and Risk Management Department and assisted by security, compliance and CSR resources over rare materials and frequently review our teams, the Risk Committee monitors our main risks, ensures the internal control and audit choice of suppliers. plans are consistent with objectives and advises executive management on adapting our risk management and internal control framework in response to the latest geopolitical, economic, social and health developments. The committee meets at least four times a year. Business Description and impact: shortage of strategic resources; shift model and toward digital sobriety; growing distrust of or aversion to new The Audit Committee discusses the existence, monitoring and effectiveness of risk strategy technology; increased competition including in core network management during an annual meeting which also considers the overall risk map, the risk activities; the rise of new stakeholders; loss of contact with management process and the main risks facing the Group. The operations and risk customers; loss of control of key infrastructure; multiplication of management framework is based on a cross-disciplinary and collaborative structure following legal and regulatory constraints; reassessment of the value chain; the three lines of defense (see model on page 62 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document). failed transformation; unfulfilled financial and non-financial The effectiveness of this structure and the procedures involved are assessed on an ongoing ambitions. basis, in line with the company’s strategy and the materiality of the risks identified. Examples of protection/prevention measures: Our new strategy is guided by our purpose, which has been incorporated into our bylaws (see pages 14-17). What’s more, we continue to implement operational efficiency programs and enter into partnerships and The following pages focus on 14 themes that emerged from the 27 risks outlined in the 2022 Universal Registration Document (URD). invest in ventures that will further our strategic priorities. For more information, see the Vigilance Plan and Section 2.1 (Risk factors and business control framework) of the 2022 URD. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 40 Our strengths — 41 Data and Description and impact: events* that may compromise information Major Description and impact: loss in quality, disruption or interruption of information and data integrity, confidentiality or storage, threaten business business services provided due to a technical malfunction, operational or breach continuity or invade individuals’ privacy (cases of non-compliance disruption supply chain failure, cyberattack, deliberate or accidental damage to with legislation on protecting personal data or human rights and our infrastructure or our partners’ infrastructure, capacity saturation fundamental freedoms). related to exceptional events or the loss of licenses or usage rights, or Examples of protection/prevention measures: Our comprehensive following injunctions from authorities. security system improves measures to protect our infrastructure, Examples of protection/prevention measures: We deploy the products and services through a Security by Design approach and Business Continuity Management System (BCMS) across our targeted mechanisms to supervise our networks and IT systems. Our business units. We take measures to protect our networks Data Protection Officer coordinates all privacy-related programs and (monitoring, preventive and corrective maintenance operations, * Unauthorized access to data, cyberattacks, injunctions from measures. ensuring solutions are as resilient as possible right from the design authorities, new technology not yet fully mastered, issues with a phase, etc.). We invest in innovative solutions. We occasionally change management process, purchase additional capacity based on our network requirements. failure of partners to protect externalized data, etc. Description and impact: extensive damage to or destruction of Damage to Description and impact: inability to provide innovative products Innovation Orange equipment due to accidental causes, malicious interference tangible assets and services against a backdrop of energy saving policies and (e.g., in the context of conflicts or social or activist movements) or shortages of strategic resources; drop in performance due to natural disasters (an increasingly common occurrence with climate disruptive technology or economic or social change; change) that could cause major business disruption or negatively distrust of digital technology. affect service quality; insurance coverage excluding certain events Examples of protection/prevention measures: Innovation and (e.g., major disasters). R&D activities have their own entity. Our investment policies Examples of protection/prevention measures: Our Business support research and innovation. We participate in standard-setting Continuity Management System (BCMS) and comprehensive bodies. We have set up a center of excellence to ensure our products security system improve measures to protect our infrastructure and services follow eco-design principles and offer positive-impact through a Security by Design approach and targeted mechanisms innovations. We are in the process of upgrading our infrastructure. (supervising our networks and IT systems, moving infrastructure as We help members of the public learn how to use digital tools*. a preventive measure, supporting equipment redundancy, etc.). * Including France-based bienvivreledigital.orange.fr website users Management Description and impact: difficulty in making investments due to Electro- Description and impact: potential impact of prolonged exposure of investments insufficient human, industrial or financial resources; access to finance magnetic to electromagnetic waves on human health or biodiversity, yet to be and internal financing capabilities impacted by a poor credit rating due to waves/fields scientifically confirmed; distrust hampering the development of external factors (sector, country, etc.), deterioration in financial or digital technology or leading to an increase in litigation and a non-financial indicators, depreciation of assets or liquidity crises; reduction in the number of customers and their level of use; obsolescence, undersizing or late provision of key infrastructure. strengthening of legal safeguards regarding mobile and internet use Examples of protection/prevention measures: Our financing and related infrastructure. strategy aligns with our commitments to deploy and upgrade networks Examples of protection/prevention measures: We ensure (through joint financing, partnership, and mutualized and shared compliance with current health regulations and follow the standards infrastructure solutions) in response to high demand for connectivity as a set by the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation result of changing uses. We have implemented internal financial control Protection (ICNIRP), particularly in relation to 5G. We support processes to safeguard transactions. We obtain financing through epidemiological research programs (led by the WHO, etc.) and diverse sources. We are rigorous in our approach to cash flow transparency*, develop tools to measure wave intensity and raise and debt management (see pages 31 and 112-117). * radio-waves.orange.com/en/ awareness about responsible digital usage. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 42 Our strengths — 43 Environment/ Description and impact: any event that could prevent Orange from Compliance Description and impact: administrative, civil or criminal sanctions Fight against fulfilling its commitments as regards minimizing its environmental with laws, at local or international level or revocation of business licenses in an climate change footprint and that of its value chain, constrained by the development regulations increasingly litigious economic environment where laws and of uses, the choice of technologies and supply chain factors; failure of or contractual regulations—particularly those with an extraterritorial reach—are the Group’s transition and energy efficiency programs. obligations instrumentalized; additional costs to achieve compliance in Examples of protection/prevention measures: We are pursuing a particular in areas where the legal framework has not yet been proactive policy to ensure our own networks and resources achieve determined or remains in flux (IoT, AI, blockchain, cloud computing, net-zero carbon emissions by 2040 (transition plan and energy etc.). efficiency program, circular economy or eco-design initiatives—see Examples of protection/prevention measures: The Group’s Legal pages 94-99). We offer incentives to encourage employees to Department ensures all our operating regions and businesses are choose eco-friendly and sustainable mobility options. We also covered in this respect, including the programs focused on key invest in carbon sinks and promote responsible internet use and issues, such as GDPR, duty of vigilance law, monitoring of digital sobriety among our customers. international economic sanctions, international anti-corruption laws and climate reporting (TCFD, etc.). Description and impact: insufficiently appealing employer brand; Management Description and impact: organizational vulnerability or inadequate Ethics and ineffective talent retention strategies; unsuitable internal training of key or rare governance to meet the needs of the company and the governance programs; inability to offer the right expertise as a result of employees skills expectations of its stakeholders; inconsistency of individual or leaving the company and increased competition for key skills and group conduct with business ethics; damage to the Group’s image talent; delay in executing or failure to execute the strategy; major and reputation due to an ethical breach; loss of trust among business interruption; increased reliance on suppliers; decline in stakeholders due to the Group’s failure to identify internal or employee morale; reassessment of the commitment to digital support. external fraud, particularly when it affects customers; discredit to Examples of protection/prevention measures: We emphasize the Group’s purpose; sanctions against the company and/or its how appealing the Group is by focusing on its purpose, value employees. sharing, work-life balance, flexibility, internal and international Examples of protection/prevention measures: The Group has mobility and specific integration programs. We will support our strengthened its commitment to CSR. For instance, the Action employees through our digital transformation and implementation Committee—an independent body with internal and external of our new enterprise model. We have signed intergenerational members—and the Data and AI Ethics Council monitor agreements to promote knowledge transfer. the Group’s progress in fulfilling its purpose. The Governance and Corporate Social and Environmental Responsibility Committee ensures employees adhere to our Health and Description and impact: physical and mental harm to employees, charters and policies and oversees the related compliance safety of people customers and partners as a result of activities in high-risk programs. We regularly run employee training and awareness countries or regions, a decline in working conditions against a programs. We take the expectations of stakeholders into account backdrop of significant internal changes, increasing use of virtual as part of our holistic risk management approach (ERM 360°). The communication and major changes to ways of working, which can associated management and control systems undergo regular pose psychosocial risks (isolation, information overload, etc.). internal and external assessments. Examples of protection/prevention measures: We pursue an ambitious policy to safeguard the health and safety of employees and continue to improve their quality of life at work through various agreements put in place to reflect ongoing dialog with employee representatives. We have deployed a Vigilance Plan. We conduct CSR audits as part of the JAC*. We provide targeted training * Joint Alliance for CSR (jac-initiative.com), courses and access to occupational health specialists an association of which Orange is a founding member (preventionists, doctors, etc.). Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 44 Our strengths — 45 Ongoing stakeholder dialog 2022 ESG materiality assessment — The 2022 ESG materiality assessment reflects our recent stakeholder dialog activities and includes a separate report for Europe (including France), Africa and the Middle East, and Group. As in previous years, privacy and data protection were identified as being majorly important to stakeholders and having a high impact on Orange’s business and reputation. Stakeholders also held high expectations as regards the environment, inclusive services and access to essential services through digital solutions. The Group’s stakeholder dialog activities inform its long-term strategy. Our Action Committee members, who mostly come from outside the Group, The duty of vigilance law project resulted in a number of new additions to the assessment— support this process by regularly reviewing our strategic plan to ensure “unsatisfactory working conditions along the value chain” (an issue raised by external consistency with our purpose. stakeholders), as well as “interference with freedom of association” and “occupational health and safety” (issues highlighted by internal stakeholders). The Group launched a project on double materiality to complement its efforts. The Group’s materiality matrix Digital equality The Action Committee’s relationship with the management team Environment Responsible economy Society built on trust — Made up of seven individuals from outside the Group and two Executive Committee Level of importance to stakeholders members, the Action Committee* works with the management team to ensure Orange’s purpose continues to drive sustainable transformation. To that end, the committee recommends how we can bring our purpose to life and reviews our activities to ensure consistency with our strategy. In 2022, the Action Committee held three meetings, which were attended by seven Executive Committee members and a number of experts from different departments. It made around 10 recommendations, calling on Orange to improve how it Inclusive services measures its scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions and revitalize the roll-out of its child protection policy. Lead the Future, the new strategic plan Orange presented in February 2023, Workplace is consistent with the views the Action Committee expressed to management. equality Data protection & privacy Resource depletion A strong approach to stakeholder dialog Access to essential services Exposure of young people (to inappropriate content through digital and screens) solutions — For almost 15 years, Orange has been taking a structured approach to stakeholder dialog Unsatisfactory working conditions Energy & climate change Solutions to reduce customers’ across all its operating regions and activities. Internal and external stakeholders are chosen along the value chain Business ethics & compliance environmental footprint based on their ability to contribute to the themes being assessed. Stakeholder dialog projects Occupational health and safety Support relating to employment Appeal among young people launched in 2022 included “Parlons du Devoir de Vigilance” [Let’s talk about the duty of & for the local economy New ways of working vigilance law], which aims to improve the Group’s risk assessment process across all its Democracy and Biodiversity & other freedom of Equal opportunities operations and entire value chain and remove obstacles to action plan implementation, and environmental considerations expression “Responsables ensemble dans un monde numérique post-covid” [Responsible together in a Responsible uses Digital solidarity Electromagnetic post-Covid digital world] in Madagascar, Botswana, and Romania, which focused on CSR waves Interference with Transparent freedom of association issues. Each project provides an opportunity to assess the priorities identified by all services/ Customer relations stakeholders and their impact on the Group’s business and reputation. The resulting ESG materiality matrix enables Orange to identify priorities and examine the Group’s decisions and strategy while gaining a deeper understanding of stakeholders’ concerns and expectations. Impact on Orange’s business and reputation * A list of the committee members is available here: orange.com/en/engagements/our-purpose-compass-guides-all-our-future-actions Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 46 Our strengths — 47 Committed, multi-talented teams Orange’s company-wide health and safety agreement lays out a set of principles for the whole Group. For instance, all employees have health insurance coverage. Our “health and safety and quality of life at work” dashboard, which covered 97.5% of employees in 2022, tracks the impact of our initiatives on an ongoing basis. Our teams are key to our success as a Group. To lead our business into the future, we invest in employee training to keep pace with market changes. Enabling employees to own shares in the company and feel more invested in its success — On December 31, 2022, employees enrolled in the Group Savings Plan and the International Group Savings Plan held €1.9 billion worth of shares, i.e., 7.64% of Orange’s capital (an increase on 2021). We are keen to increase employee share ownership to ensure they benefit from the value created by Orange and feel more invested in the success of the business. Allowing eligible employees to take a career break — Our latest intergenerational agreement came into effect in 2022. This agreement set out Proactively managing skills measures to promote the recruitment of young people, support employees in the middle to late stages of their career and foster knowledge transfer. It also states that employees who — The Group pays special attention to skills development. In 2022, 91% of Orange have worked at Orange for at least 10 years can take a career break for three to 12 months employees completed at least one training program (lasting 20.7 hours on average). Each on 70% pay. They can, if they wish, use their time out to volunteer with non-profits, employee has a personal development plan and can sign up to training courses run by contribute to projects in start-ups or SMEs or enroll in a university course or training Orange Campus—the Group’s network of schools—and additional vocational schools. Our scheme. development, upskilling and reskilling programs focus on new technological skills and professions (relating to data, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, virtualization, cloud computing, 5G, etc.). These programs enable us to anticipate the skills we will need, in line Giving employees the opportunity to contribute to digital inclusion with our Lead the Future strategic plan (see pages 14-17). — In 2022, the Group’s skills-based volunteering program and part-time work scheme for We also raise awareness of our CSR priorities, which are central to our enterprise model. older workers enabled almost 500 employees to work with a non-profit. For instance, Nearly 65,500 employees completed a total of more than 121,500 hours of CSR training 450 employees volunteered at 11,600 digital workshops run by Orange Solidarité in stores or in in 2022. other venues with its partners, reaching almost 50,000 people who benefit from Orange Foundation programs. Improving the quality of life at work Celebrating top projects at the Engagement Makers Awards — We conducted another Group-wide Employee Barometer to determine how satisfied teams were with their quality of life at work. In 2022, 85% of employees said they were — Held in 2022, the second-ever Engagement Makers Awards celebrated the efforts of the proud to work for Orange and 77% would recommend the Group as a great place to work. top four teams working on various CSR-related topics, such as the circular economy, We continue to improve our approach to management, collaboration, team autonomy, renewables, supply chain carbon emissions, and digital skills development. The idea is to work-life balance and workload planning. provide the team in first place with project development support. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 48 Our strengths — 49 A financial strategy in line with Offering employee saving schemes that promote important values our CSR commitments Orange works in collaboration with trade unions to ensure its employee saving schemes promote engagement, sustainability and solidarity. Nearly all the funds offered under the Group Savings Plan and Collective Retirement Savings Plan include socially responsible investments (SRIs). At the end of To underpin our social and environmental commitments, we put in place 2022, the value of these SRIs stood at €1.1 billion, accounting for 45% of the sustainable finance mechanisms and deploy investment strategies to support diversified employee savings funds, an increase on 2021. responsible innovation in our industry. In 2023, Orange won a French Sustainable Investment Forum prize for the quality of the sustainable investments in its employee saving schemes and the social dialog it engages in when setting them up. Value of the sustainability bonds issued by the Group since 2020 €1 bn Aligning our financing policy with our environmental and Investing in start-ups in our industry social commitments — Our €350 million venture capital investment vehicle, Orange Ventures, funds innovative — Orange’s financing policy reflects its sustainable performance ambitions. Since 2020, start-ups that are working on innovative economic models in our areas of expertise and Orange has issued two sustainability bonds worth €1 billion in total to support two types of beyond. The synergies built by the Orange Ventures team between these start-ups and our projects—environmental impact (such as energy-efficient infrastructure sharing in Poland business units benefit the Group and its customers. Since 2015, Orange Ventures has and circular economy-friendly set-top box refurbishment in France) and social impact (such supported 53 start-ups, seven new in 2022. Furthermore, Orange Ventures Impact, a as fiber deployment to promote digital inclusion in rural France). €30 million investment vehicle for climate, inclusion and care projects, invested in a number of promising start-ups in 2022—Traace (which has developed a carbon emission In November 2022, Orange also refinanced its €6 billion syndicated credit line while measurement and reduction tool), Goshaba (which strives to make workplaces more integrating environmental and social performance criteria for the first time. inclusive), and Sêmeia (which has built a healthcare platform to remotely monitor patients with serious or chronic illnesses). What’s more, we set up a Sustainable Finance Department, reporting directly to the Group’s Finance Department, in early 2023. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 50 Our strengths — 51 A business with ethics at its core Ethical conduct is the cornerstone of a trustworthy digital landscape, which is Data and AI Ethics Council why it’s something Orange promotes across the business. In line with changes in the regulatory landscape and stakeholders’ calls for greater transparency, — Orange founded a Data and AI Ethics Council in 2021. Accountable to the Executive the Group continues to evolve and strengthen its ethical practices. Committee, this independent advisory body is responsible for defining an ethical framework for data and AI, excluding regulatory obligations, in line with Orange’s values and purpose. In November 2022, it published the Data and Artificial Intelligence Ethical Charter, which will be deployed across the Group to ensure ethical, responsible and transparent use of data processing and AI technologies. New customer relations ethics guidelines Code of Ethics and anti-corruption policy — Published in 2022, our customer relations ethics guidelines cover different aspects of — In 2022, the Group published its new Code of Ethics, which sets out professional conduct interactions with customers. Developed in collaboration with the Group’s customer service guidelines for employees, as well as individual conduct guidelines for our stakeholders. teams and approved by our Ethics and Sustainable Performance Committee, these guidelines Orange also updated its anti-corruption policy to bring it in line with the French “Sapin II” law set out the main ethical conduct principles relevant to customer relations. The document on transparency, anti-corruption and economic modernization. Chairman Jacques provides practical advice and generic rules applicable to all our operating countries. We also Aschenbroich and Chief Executive Officer Christel Heydemann sponsored these documents, launched new training and awareness-raising tools. For instance, we developed “customer showing that ethical practices are a top priority for the Group’s new governance team. The relations ethics” videos and independent learning content (e.g., the “corruption risk prevention latest guidelines were published in October 2022 to coincide with the 10th Ethics & and detection” e-learning module) to help our teams better understand these topics. Compliance Day, an annual event aiming to raise employee awareness through conferences and debates that are filmed and broadcast in all the Group’s operating countries. Extended whistleblowing protection Crisis unit set up in response to — Our online whistleblowing platform Hello Ethics continued to grow in 2022, reaching new the war in Ukraine entities in Europe and Africa. Launched in 2021, the platform enables employees and external stakeholders to anonymously or non-anonymously report corruption, fraud, breaches in Soon after Russia invaded Ukraine, the Group set up a crisis unit to manage ethical compliance or concerns relating to the environment, fundamental and human rights, the impact of the war. Primarily responsible for employee safety and network and health and safety. Orange ensures that whistleblowers who disclose non-compliance in security, the unit also ensures compliance with the various economic good faith are not sanctioned, dismissed or discriminated against directly or indirectly. sanctions imposed by the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States. What’s more, Orange provided information and support to teams We update our third-party (due diligence) assessment methodology every year based on impacted by these sanctions and sector-specific embargoes. actively requested feedback. A France-based shared services center is responsible for collecting these assessments across the Orange SA scope. A new IT-based corruption risk assessment system, ArengiBox, is being rolled out to help make the risk mapping process more seamless and action plan management more straightforward. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 52 Notes — 53 Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 54 55 Our approach to value creation We create value for all our stakeholders by improving infrastructure, businesses, the environment, and social factors in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. Orange 56 Our approach to value creation — 57 Number of convergent customers Europe 11.6 m We generate most of our revenue in our eight countries in Number of Orange Bank customers in Europe Europe, where we operate very high-speed fixed and mobile 2m networks and carry out targeted consolidation. Number of mobile customers Number of fixed broadband customers in Europe (in millions) in Europe (in millions) 98.8 in 2022 21.6 in 2022 93.3 in 2021 21.4 in 2021 85.7 in 2020 20.0 in 2020 including mobile customers in France* including fixed broadband customers (in millions) in France* (in millions) 44.1 in 2022 12.7 in 2022 39.8 in 2021 12.5 in 2021 34.8 in 2020 12.2 in 2020 Objective under Lead the Future — Improve our NPS** by 10 points between 2023 and 2025 and retain our position as the most recommended operator in France * The figures provided include the Enterprise segment. ** Net Promoter Score: a metric used to gauge the likelihood of a customer or user recommending a product, service or brand Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 58 — Europe Our approach to value creation — 59 European footprint Strong performance 8 countries Orange’s solid performance in its eight European operating countries is underpinned by its convergent offers and multi-service strategy. The Group is also forging ahead with its acquisition policy as the European telecoms market consolidates, bringing benefits for all its customers across the continent. Solid performance across our eight operating countries A winning consolidation strategy — In France, the Group delivered high levels of commercial performance in 2022. We gained — Orange is pushing ahead with its acquisition strategy in line with European telecoms 1.3 million fiber customers during the year, largely due to the gradual transition from copper market consolidation. These acquisitions enable us to accelerate the deployment of new- to fiber-optic networks. We recorded 581,000 mobile net additions—our best performance generation networks and launch convergent services. since 2017—as well as our lowest ever churn rate. In Spain, we signed an agreement with the operator MásMóvil in 2022 to merge our We also saw a return to growth in other countries in Europe. For instance, our retail services operations. The deal is subject to approval by the relevant competition authorities and grew by 2.9%, driven by convergence, the BtoB market and a significant (25.5%) expected to be finalized in 2023. Operated as a 50:50 joint venture, the new entity will year-on-year increase in customer roaming. accelerate fiber and 5G investments, benefiting customers in Spain, and use its financial In Spain, our efforts to restore our margins are clearly paying off. While our annual revenue strength and stature to boost digitalization and innovation in this large market. contracted by 1.5%, we saw a return to growth in the second half of the year. In Belgium, we achieved high levels of operational performance—with 2% revenue growth— In Belgium, the European Commission approved Orange Belgium’s offer to acquire a 75% and made progress in the high-speed network market. stake—minus one share—in VOO SA, one of the country’s leading telecoms operators and a In Luxembourg, we continue to adapt our portfolio of offers, in line with our challenger position, provider of fixed and mobile telephone and broadband solutions, as well as television while capitalizing on the 5G network we launched in 2020. services. This acquisition will give Orange Belgium a very high-speed broadband In Poland, we achieved 4.7% revenue growth in 2022, driven by the expansion of our fiber network in Wallonia and part of Brussels and the opportunity to accelerate its fiber network. deployment across the country. What’s more, Orange Belgium and Telenet signed In Slovakia, we are extending our service portfolio with new-generation offers, such as mobile two commercial fixed wholesale agreements providing access to each other’s hybrid plans with a higher data allowance and a more comprehensive television package. fiber-coaxial (HFC) and Fiber-to-the-Home (FTTH) networks for a 15-year period. In Romania, we continued to roll out our 5G network, which is now available in 23 urban areas (up from 17 in 2021). What’s more, we secured a large amount (220 MHz) of spectrum in a 5G In Romania, Orange acquired a 54% stake in fixed operator Telekom Romania (since auction at the end of the year to support the country’s ongoing digital transformation. renamed Orange Romania Communications) in 2021 and successfully rebranded all In Moldova, our strong performance is driven by the transition from fixed to fiber-optic products and services in 2022. What’s more, Orange Business (see pages 86-87) has networks. Our high-quality mobile network reaches more than 2 million customers across tapped into the company’s ecosystem of partnerships and solutions to become one of the the country. leading technology suppliers and integrators for public- and private-sector organizations in the country. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 60 — Europe Our approach to value creation — 61 Paris 2024, an outstanding technological feat The Paris 2024 Organising Committee has entrusted a single operator, Orange, with equipping 40 official competition venues hosting 878 events with advanced technology—such as fiber optics, 5G, and the Internet of Things—for the next Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games. No fewer than 1,000 Group employees (network experts, IP network engineers, technicians, etc.) are Orange’s revenue in Europe (including France) involved in delivering this technological feat by designing and deploying €28.9 m solutions that will form part of the unique digital experience offered by the most connected Games ever to 15,000 athletes, 13 million spectators and 4 billion viewers. Convergence, a driver of growth for our premium packages Pricing that reflects service quality — Developing convergent offers helps drive high levels of commercial performance and — While we improved the quality of our products and services in 2022, we were forced to therefore value creation for the Group on the continent. Bundling high-speed fixed and raise our prices—by €1 to €2 per offer—in each country to offset major increases in mobile services enables us to retain customers, increase our average revenue per user operating costs, particularly energy price hikes. (ARPU) and build on the success of our premium—fiber and 5G—packages for retail customers, who enjoy extra in-store benefits and exclusive services such as 24/7 support and personalized advice. A wider range of services In France, over half of our broadband customers have signed up to a convergent — We are also continuing to pursue our multi-service strategy by providing new offers for offer. Our average quarterly revenue per convergent offer (ARPO) increased by 2%, primarily retail customers, enabling us to increase ARPU. Alongside the financial services provided due to the success of the Max (internet and TV) offer. Our performance in Spain was similar. by Orange Bank (see pages 64-65) and our IT security solutions, we have launched a remote In Poland, Orange continued to develop its Love convergent offer, which includes surveillance offer called “Maison protégée” in France, as well as a service that enables users competitively priced fixed and mobile services in its standard package. The number of to monitor their home in Spain. We are also developing a range of mobile insurance options convergent customers rose to 1.63 million at the end of 2022, i.e., 69% of the total number of including a repair service. fixed broadband access lines. In Romania, Orange Romania and Orange Romania Communications jointly launched an initial national convergent offer under the Orange brand. Strong customer relations are key to the success of these offers. In France, we received a Net Promoter Score (NPS) of 27.9 in 2022—a six-point year-on-year increase, which is in line with our ambition of securing a five-point improvement each year. In Europe, Orange enhances customer relations by leveraging AI-powered digital tools such as chatbots, conversational robots offering round-the-clock customer support. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 62 — Europe Our approach to value creation — 63 Value of the Group’s R&I investments in 2022 The innovation at the heart of what we do €605 m At Orange, we firmly believe that technological progress needs to benefit as The “Eternal Notre-Dame” VR experience, many people as possible, which is why our teams develop solutions that an innovative celebration of a cultural landmark create lasting value. In partnership with the organizations in charge of restoring the Notre-Dame cathedral in Paris following the fire in 2019, Orange developed a virtual tour allowing visitors to journey back in time as if they were there. This shines a spotlight on our extended reality (XR) ambitions and enables us to raise funds for the reconstruction project in a unique way. The “Eternal Notre-Dame” VR experience gives visitors the opportunity to delve into the history of the iconic landmark while supporting a national cause. Value creation through innovation — In a landscape of rapidly evolving technologies and uses, Orange Innovation leverages the expertise of 8,000 employees—including 680 researchers—to develop tangible positive-impact solutions that are competitive and create value for the Group and its stakeholders. The teams in France and around the world conduct experiments in key areas, such as network virtualization, the Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial intelligence, in collaboration with teams from Orange Business (see pages 86-87). Support for innovative start-ups Orange is involved in a number of collaborative research projects and initiatives, leading — To drive innovation among start-ups in our industry, we created one of the first accelerator around 50 projects with French, European and international stakeholders. We work in networks in the world—Orange Fab. Spread across Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and partnership with seven competitive clusters, five research chairs and three shared North America, our 16 Orange Fab accelerators support promising start-ups in developing laboratories. their business and strengthening their management practices. Programs focus on a specific theme such as generating new business opportunities, including through partnerships involving our own business units and those of our partners. Intellectual property, a strategic asset and a pillar of innovation Several start-ups supported by Orange Fab France presented their business and met — Having filed almost 10,000 patents, Orange holds the second-largest intellectual property potential clients at the Viva Technology innovation show in Paris in 2022. For instance, portfolio among European operators. This portfolio includes key patents for a number of SkyBoy enabled Orange customers with a Samsung Galaxy smartphone to discover the telecom standards relating to essential technologies such as radio, 4G and 5G, as well as brand’s latest creation through a unique, 360-degree virtual reality experience. audio and video compression coding. Orange is also preparing future offers and already boasts a wealth of intellectual capital in fields such as cybersecurity (with over 500 patents In 2022, Orange Fab France launched its second 5G-themed program, selecting seven new and pieces of software), quantum computing, and artificial intelligence. In 2022, we added start-ups that would receive support in high-growth sectors such as Web3 and Industry 4.0. 207 new inventions to our portfolio of unique technological assets, which are licensed to The intake included Latence Tech, which offers a solution to analyze, monitor and predict more than 2,000 industrial partners worldwide. 5G mobile network service quality. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 64 — Europe Our approach to value creation — 65 Orange, an operator blazing a trail in the mobile banking world Through Orange Bank, the Group offers a range of mobile-native financial and does not have any specific income requirements, 96% of new Orange Bank customers services and cutting-edge banking solutions that work in synergy with our sign up to fee-based services. broader telecoms activities. Customer relations at the heart of our banking model — Orange Bank’s model revolves around customer relations and the mobile experience. Our Number of Orange Bank customers in Europe advisors and experts harness innovative tools to provide increasingly tailored responses to customer needs. Our artificial intelligence-powered virtual assistant can directly respond to 2m 89% of questions. What’s more, we show we take our responsibility to our customers seriously by developing initiatives around financial education (a topic covered on the Orange Bank blog), promoting green solutions and maintaining high levels of data security. Our customer satisfaction results are encouraging—we have received an average rating of 4.4/5 from 13,000 Trustpilot reviews, ranking above other banks in France. Orange Bank is also the highest rated banking app in Spain (with Apple Store and Play Store ratings of 4.9/5). Prêt Express, a new personal loan service — In 2022, Orange Bank launched a new personal loan service called Prêt Express. Developed in collaboration with French fintech Younited, this new service uses open banking* More accessible mobile banking services technology and enables customers to securely retrieve financial data from another institution in just three clicks using a mobile device, computer or tablet, while cutting the time it takes to — When Orange launched Orange Bank in 2017, it became the first telecoms operator to enter process loan applications and the number of documents needed. Applicants receive a the French retail banking market. Drawing on the Group’s expertise in mobile digital services, response within five minutes on average and, if relevant, alternative offers depending on their Orange Bank has deployed simple-to-use products with innovative features, paying particular circumstances. The service is also open to people who are not Orange Bank customers. attention to service quality. Since day one, the Orange Bank app has enabled customers to view transactions in real time, transfer money instantly by text message and make contactless and mobile payments. One Bank, a project boosting operational efficiency Special packages have been launched to promote synergies. For instance, customers who sign — We’re also developing a single IT platform project, One Bank, to bring together Orange up to our Pack Premium and Carte Premium fee-based services receive 5% cashback on Bank’s operations in France and Spain. This project has three objectives—to deliver an purchases and their internet and mobile phone bills into their Orange Bank account. Orange enhanced and unified customer experience for three customer bases (Orange Bank France, also provides in-store banking services, enabling customers to take out mobile phone Orange Bank Spain, and GBanque, in partnership with Groupama), to bring together a single insurance and access financing options to purchase mobiles and connected devices. team responsible for the entire European scope, and to adopt the highest IT standards. In 2022, Orange Bank continued to go from strength to strength, reaching 2 million customers Ultimately, the One Bank project will facilitate faster innovation, cost cutting, and greater in France and Spain and selling 830,000 products. While our basic service subscription is free deployment opportunities for our banking solutions in new countries. * Open banking gives retail and business customers the power to share their financial data with third-party providers to access innovative and personalized solutions. Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 66 Our approach to value creation — 67 Revenue generated in the region in 2022 Africa and €6.9 bn (up 6.4% on 2021) the Middle East Value of our investments in fixed networks between now and 2025 Across our 18 operating countries in Africa and the Middle East—a region where we have been active for over 20 years—our strategic priorities include extending network €125 m coverage and expanding our multi-service ecosystem, with Value of Orange Money transactions in 2022 mobile financial services forming a key part. Over €100 bn Number of mobile customers Number of fixed broadband customers in the region (in millions) in the region (in millions) 143.1 in 2022 2.8 in 2022 135.2 in 2021 2.2 in 2021 128.4 in 2020 1.7 in 2020 Objective under Lead the Future — Achieve an average annual revenue growth of 7% between 2022 and 2025 Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 68 — Africa and the Middle East Fast-paced Improving network Accelerating fixed broadband connectivity deployments investments in rural areas — Fixed broadband is our second largest growth driver in Africa and the Middle East. Today, 500 million people We serve 2.8 million fixed broadband living in Africa still have no customers across the region, an increase of mobile network access. 27% on 2021. To build on this momentum, We therefore signed a we will be investing €125 million in fixed partnership with Vanu—a Orange invests in extending fixed networks between now and 2025, with a provider of equipment and view to connecting an additional services in areas lacking and mobile network coverage in Africa 800,000 homes to fiber and reaching a total and the Middle East to support of 1.3 million fiber customers across the connectivity—to enhance growing network traffic and facilitate region. Between €100 million and our network coverage in greater use of digital technology. €200 million will go towards developing our off-grid areas and bring One in 10 people in Africa are on Pan-African infrastructure, with up to digital services to rural an Orange network, making us a key 10,000 km of fiber backbone, the foundation communities. The first digital partner in the region. of our network on the continent. We will also phase of the project will be accelerating the deployment of fixed involve installing wireless internet using time division duplex (TDD) and fixed wireless access (FWA) 5G infrastructure at radio technologies. 900 sites—700 in Côte d’Ivoire and 200 in Liberia. The partnership between Launching 5G in new countries Orange and Vanu will include technological Improving access to — In 2022, Botswana became the first upgrade work and draw on 4G networks African country to experience Orange’s the innovative commercial 5G offering, which will be — Mobile data usage increased by 18% in extended to six other countries—Senegal, network-as-a-service the region in 2022, largely driven by Côte d’Ivoire, Jordan, Burkina Faso, Liberia (NaaS) model. We aim to customers in Egypt and the Democratic and Guinea-Bissau—in 2023. The use of 5G set up 10,000 sites in total Republic of the Congo. We are accelerating technology will support the development of between now and 2030. the deployment of 4G in our operating new digital services relating to healthcare, countries, targeting an average coverage education and security. We opened three rate of 85% by 2025. We now have 53 million new Orange 5G Labs (see pages 78-79)—in 4G customers, an increase of 19% year on Senegal, Côte d’Ivoire and Jordan—in 2022 year. Our €260 million investment plan in preparation for the roll-out of our between now and 2025 will strengthen our commercial 5G offering and help local leadership position in the mobile network organizations and digital providers seize all market with the creation of 3,000 new mobile the opportunities offered by this new sites in 2023, mostly in Egypt and Morocco. generation of networks. Orange Our approach to value creation — 69 Improved Delivering a The rise of e-commerce access to range of — Since 2022, customers in 12 countries across the region have been able to buy healthcare high-quality mobile devices and accessories from our new website. We offer customers in Morocco and Jordan a fully digital buying through services experience from order to delivery and are developing similar models in Egypt, Côte online d’Ivoire and Senegal. services Use of data and AI to enhance our customer experience Orange and DabaDoc—a Moroccan start-up Orange sees Africa and the Middle — We are leveraging artificial intelligence and operating in North Africa East as a major growth market and is data analytics tools in Africa and the Middle for the past eight years— aiming to become the region’s East to better understand our customers and benchmark multi-service operator by help our vendors recommend the most are preparing for the launch developing a range of services that suitable products and services to match their of the Orange Santé promote positive-impact digital usage. We have also deployed chatbots in platform in Côte d’Ivoire in solutions from our local ecosystem. 12 countries to improve our customer 2023. Developed to connect experience. Consumers in Guinea, Jordan patients and doctors in and Cameroon can interact with these sub-Saharan Africa for the chatbots to buy products and services. first time, this platform What’s more, we are currently developing facilitates online French- and Wolof-speaking voice bots in Côte d’Ivoire and Senegal, respectively. appointment booking, remote consultations and related payments, and the Strong support for establishment of electronic the local digital ecosystem medical records. The platform aims to address A single app for all — Keen to expand our range of services, we the shortage of doctors in our services support innovative local entrepreneurs through various initiatives. Our 10 Orange Fab certain isolated areas by — Over 15 million of our fixed and mobile accelerators (see pages 62-63) have enabling patients to customers in Africa and the Middle East use supported almost 130 local start-ups since remotely consult My Orange. This free multi-service app 2019. We also recognize start-ups that specialists of their choice. simplifies the sign-up process for our voice develop projects with a positive social and We are looking into and data services and offers easy access to environmental impact through the Orange launching the platform in our financial services via Orange Money Social Venture Prize in Africa and the Middle other countries in (allowing customers to transfer money or East. What’s more, our free Orange Digital check their account balance) and Center program (see pages 104-105) has sub-Saharan Africa and entertainment services via the My Place reached 700,000 young people across the adding new services. platform (available in eight countries). region. 2022 Integrated Annual Report 70 — Africa and the Middle East Our approach to value creation — 71 Number of active Orange Money customers Essential mobile financial in Africa and the Middle East services Over 29 m Against a backdrop of low banking penetration rates and rapid mobile phone Total value of loans granted by Orange Bank Africa adoption, Orange Money has contributed to the growth of financial inclusion in since 2020 €245 m Africa since 2010, enabling people to access financial services even if they live in remote areas. Orange Bank Africa has fueled this momentum by providing inclusive credit facilities without any specific income requirements. Offering new services to business customers Facilitating a record number of money transfers — Our mobile payment services help small and medium-sized enterprises generate more revenue, achieve greater efficiency and take their performance to the next level. O’Calm — Our ambition is to provide customers with easy money management solutions, an enables entrepreneurs in Côte d’Ivoire to receive immediate payments and track their innovative product portfolio, an enhanced customer experience, and guaranteed secure and income more efficiently. Wéli allows Orange Money business customers in Senegal to transparent transactions, while responding to increasingly high expectations from users, receive immediate payments at no cost. Now integrated into Orange Money, the Mahali businesses, and governments. service gives small vendors and traders in Côte d’Ivoire access to online tools designed with local conditions in mind to manage delivery locations. At the end of 2022, Orange Money was operating 450,000 points of sale serving over 29 million active monthly customers and generating almost €500 million in revenue from more than €100 billion worth of transactions since the start of the year. Money transfers from Increasing access to loans Europe to Africa had doubled in comparison to 2021. Given the intense competition we faced in 2022, our record-breaking results are a testament to the strength of our model, — In Côte d’Ivoire, Orange Bank Africa—Orange’s mobile bank—enables people whose which is underpinned by a strong brand name and services based on trust. needs are unmet by the traditional banking system to access pico- and micro-finance solutions and savings services through their Orange Money mobile account. Our scoring tool has enabled over 1.1 million customers to obtain Tik Tak loan approval in less than Supporting changing uses 10 seconds without providing proof of income. We have also raised the borrowing limit— regular customers can now borrow up to 500,000 CFA francs (≈ €760), i.e., five times more — In 2022, the Group launched a number of new services that make it easy to deposit and than when the service was launched in 2020. The range of Orange Bank Africa loans withdraw money. For instance, customers without a smartphone can now use a physical expanded with the launch of mortgages, consumer credit instruments (including auto loans), card with a QR code. Customers in Côte d’Ivoire and the Democratic Republic of the Congo as well as credit options for businesses. can set up a standing order to ensure automatic payment of a pre-determined fixed amount at regular intervals. We also extended our mobile financial services to customers of other In Botswana, we became the first operator to launch a pico-finance solution (loans of up to operators. €100), and, in Guinea, we created a microfinance institute that will offer simple and instant digital financial services. To ramp up our growth and poo
