Risk Factors 1) Risks related to our company 1.a) We are exposed to health, safety and environmental risks in our operations, which may lead to accidents, significant losses, administrative proceedings and legal liabilities . Activities related to the oil and gas business present high risks, generally because they involve high temperatures and pressures. In particular, deepwater and ultra-deepwater activities, and refining and petrochemicals, performed by us, our subsidiaries or our affiliate companies present several risks, such as oil and product leakage, collapses, aeronautical accidents, fires, and explosions in refineries and exploration and production units, including platforms, ships, pipelines, mines, terminals, laboratories, and losses of containment in dams, among other assets owned or operated by us, our subsidiaries or our affiliate companies. These events can occur due to technical or human failures or natural disasters, among other factors. The occurrence of one of these events, or other related incidents, may result in health impacts on our workforce and/or surrounding communities, fatalities, and environmental damage. They can cause material damage, production losses, financial losses and, in certain circumstances, liability in civil, labor, criminal, environmental and administrative proceedings. As a result, we may incur expenses related to mitigation, recovery and/or compensation for the damages caused. We are also exposed to corporate security risks arising from acts of intentional interference by third parties in our pipelines and nearby areas, especially illegal taps (thefts) of oil and oil products, mainly in the states of S o Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. Despite our efforts and the actions of public authorities to combat illegal taps, if this interference continues, it may result in accidents of small or large proportions, including leaks or damage to our facilities and to communities near our facilities, which may affect the continuity of our operations and lead to the payment of fines and indemnities to the affected parties, all of which may negatively impact our results. Finally, due to risks such as those mentioned above, we may face difficulties in obtaining or maintaining operating licenses and may suffer damages to our image and reputation. 1.b) Failures in our information technology systems, information security systems (cybersecurity) and telecommunications systems and services can adversely impact our operations and reputation. Our operations are highly dependent on information technology and telecommunications systems and services, as well as the degree of technological protection and the strength of the associated internal controls. Interruptions or malfunctions at these systems and/or their infrastructure, caused by obsolescence, technical failures, deliberate acts, or even arising from geopolitical factors or derived from third-party systems, digital infrastructure and the cloud may harm or even paralyze our business and adversely impact our operations and reputation. These situations may also lead to unforeseen costs for the recovery of information and assets, in addition to the imposition of fines or legal sanctions. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 31 Failures in information security (including industrial and automation systems), external, whether intentional or not (e.g., malware, hackers, cyberterrorism) or internal (e.g., neglect or misuse of digital assets or corporate information by employees or contractors), may also impact our business and reputation, our relationship with stakeholders and external agents (government, regulatory bodies, partners, suppliers, among others), our strategic positioning towards our competitors and our operational and financial results. Additionally, the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in cyberattacks or in decision-making systems and processes may amplify existing risks and create new threats that may impact our businesses. Artificial intelligence systems can demonstrate disparities among subgroups or languages due to biased training data or may be subject to risks such as data poisoning, which can compromise the integrity of the model, or hallucination, which can generate incorrect or misleading information. Biased training data, data poisoning and hallucination may all negatively impact internal decision-making processes based on AI. Moreover, AI may be used by external agents to automate and escalate already known cyber-attacks, making them more efficient and difficult to detect in a timely manner. Additionally, we are subject to increasing regulations related to AI, cybersecurity and information security, including among other aspects, adequate protection of data and digital assets, supervision of cyber risks, and incident reporting. Failure to comply with these regulations at the national and international levels may result in legal sanctions, as well as impacts on our image and reputation, and affect our operational and financial results. 1.c) Maintaining our long-term oil production objectives depends on our ability to successfully incorporate and develop our reserves . Our ability to incorporate additional reserves depends on exploration activities, which expose us to its inherent risks and may not lead to the discovery of commercially viable oil or natural gas reserves. In addition, competition in the oil and gas sector in Brazil and difficulties in obtaining environmental licensing in new frontier areas, both in Brazil or abroad, may make it more difficult or costly to (i) obtain additional acreage in bidding rounds for new contracts, and (ii) develop existing contracted areas. Adding new reserves depends on our ability to conceive and implement development projects. Exploration and development activities in deepwater and ultra-deepwater require significant capital investments and involve several factors that are beyond our control, such as significant changes in economic conditions, climate and environmental regulations and obtaining and/or renewing environmental permits, supply market capacity, and unexpected operating conditions, including equipment failures or incidents, which may restrict, delay or cancel our operations. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 32 1.d) The selection and development of our investment projects have risks that may affect our expected results. Our investment project evaluation involves risks from long development periods, including market condition changes (input/product prices, regulatory requirements, consumer preferences, exchange/interest rates, financing conditions) and evolving project approval criteria focused on decarbonization operations, which may affect expected returns. The implementation of projects in new exploration frontiers may face risks arising from logistical complexity and insufficient infrastructure, potentially resulting in increased costs. Despite our experience in deepwater and ultra-deepwater oil exploration and production and the continuous development of studies during the planning stages, the quantity and quality of oil and gas produced in a certain field will only be fully known in the production phase, which may require adjustments throughout the project life cycle and its expected rate of return. Project execution faces delay risks, affecting upstream/downstream coordination, supply chain disruptions from international conflicts or critical asset unavailability (drilling rigs, vessels, gas/LNG chains). Additionally, our failure to meet obligations established by the regulatory agencies may generate fines and liabilities. Our exploration and production and refining operations may encounter new technical challenges as we approach technological frontiers. Our Strategic Plan and Business Plan include climate change initiatives addressing physical risks (extreme weather) and energy transition risks (regulatory/market changes), potentially requiring increased climate-related investments that may significantly impact our plans. See Risks Risk Factor 11.a) Climate change could impact our results and strategy in this annual report. 1.e) We may incur losses and spend time and financial resources defending pending litigations and arbitrations. We are currently party to several administrative, legal and arbitration proceedings related to civil, administrative, tax, labor, environmental, competition and corporate claims filed against us. These claims involve substantial amounts of money and other resources, and the total cost of unfavorable decisions can have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition. These legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings can have a negative impact on our results in the event of unfavorable outcomes, such as contracts termination and/or revision of governmental authorizations. Depending on the outcome, litigation can result in restrictions on our operations and have a material adverse effect on some of our business. We can be affected by changes in rules, regulations and jurisprudence that can have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results. 1.f) We have substantial liabilities and may be exposed to significant liquidity constraints in the short and medium term, which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results. Our liabilities are relevant and could potentially weaken our liquidity in adverse times. Considering that there may be liquidity constraints on the debt market to finance our planned investments, pay principal and interest obligations in contracted terms, and honor our financial commitments, any difficulty in raising significant amounts of debt capital in the future may affect our results and the ability to fulfill our Business Plan or any subsequent plan adopted. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 33 Our lack of investment grade credit rating and any lowering of our credit ratings may have adverse consequences on our ability to obtain financing in the market through debt or equity securities, or may affect our financing cost, making it more difficult and/or costly to refinance maturing obligations. The impact on our ability to obtain resources and the cost of such resources may adversely affect our results and financial condition. In addition, our credit rating is sensitive to any change in the credit rating of the Brazilian federal government. Any lowering in the credit ratings of the Brazilian federal government may have additional adverse consequences on our ability to obtain financing and/or on the cost of our financing and, consequently, on our results and financial condition. 1.g) Differing interpretations of tax regulation or changes in tax policies may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results. We and our Brazilian and foreign subsidiaries are subject to tax rules and regulations that may, over time, result in different interpretations between us, our subsidiaries and tax authorities (including federal, state and municipal authorities), which do not have uniform interpretations. As a result of such divergences, we and our subsidiaries may have to assume unanticipated provisions and charges. In some cases, when we and/or our subsidiaries exhaust all administrative remedies related to a tax contingency, further appeals may be filed in the judicial courts, which may require guarantees, such as the deposit of an amount equal to the amount of the charge. In some of these cases, the settlement of such charges through tax transactions or incentivized regularization programs may be a more favorable option for us and our subsidiaries, in which case we evaluate the alternatives, and make an informed decision on whether to proceed with the settlement of charges. In addition, the Brazilian Congress may approve tax law changes that could substantially alter the Brazilian tax framework and impact our business. The tax authorities of Brazil (including the federal, state and municipal) and foreign tax authorities may also publish new legislation and/or regulation that impacts the fulfillment of tax obligations (primary and ancillary) requiring relevant efforts (human and systemic resources) by taxpayers to implement the obligations within the legal deadline. The obligation to adapt the taxpayer s processes to the new legislation in a short time may have an adverse effect on our results and the results of our subsidiaries. Additionally, Complementary Law No. 214/2025, which addresses key aspects of Brazil s tax reform, established the Goods and Services Tax, the Social Contribution on Goods and Services, and the Selective Tax all of which may materially affect the tax environment applicable to us and our subsidiaries. The transition to the new system begins in 2026, which will be a testing period with no increase in the tax burden, and full implementation will occur by 2033. In this context, several regulatory aspects are yet to be defined, which may require complex adaptations in systems and processes, as well as result in divergent interpretations between tax authorities and taxpayers. Any of these occurrences may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results. For more information, please see Legal and Tax - Tax Reform and its Impact on Petrobras in this annual report. 1.h) Our crude oil and natural gas reserve estimates involve some degree of uncertainty, which could adversely affect our ability to generate income. Our proved crude oil and natural gas reserves set forth in this annual report are the estimated quantities of crude oil and natural gas that geoscience and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions according to SEC Regulation S-X, and other applicable regulations. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 34 The reserve estimates presented are prepared based on assumptions and interpretations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. The geoscience and engineering data that we use to estimate our reserves present uncertainties that may result in differences between the expected productions in the reported reserves and those actually produced. In addition, reserve estimates may be affected by significant changes in economic conditions and climate regulations. Technical, economic, and climate regulations uncertainties may lead to reductions in our reserve estimates and lower future productions, which may have an adverse effect on our results and financial condition. 1.i) Decommissioning projects have become more relevant in our portfolio, in addition to being subject to increasing regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations, which may result in damage to our image and increased costs. Decommissioning projects have become increasingly relevant to our portfolio as concession contracts expire or production systems become economically unviable. The publication of ANP Resolution No. 817/2020, which establishes rules for decommissioning production systems, defines the scope and requirements for decommissioning projects. Nevertheless, we may face additional regulatory demands, as the industry develops experience in this area and appliable legislation continues to evolve. In certain circumstances, we may be required by the ANP to undertake decommissioning activities for certain wells, specifically in cases involving final regulatory determinations or demonstrated environmental risk or damage. The cessation of operations and subsequent decommissioning may affect the environment and surrounding communities due to the removal and recycling of structures, altering our relationship with the stakeholders. Although our decommissioning programs have been developed in compliance with applicable law, they may face increased scrutiny from stakeholders regarding environmental, social and governance practices, and may fail to meet shareholders demands or expectations. As a result, the resource requirements for these projects may increase, as well as the total project and operational costs. In addition, our image and reputation may be adversely affected. 1.j) Obligations relating to Petros and health care benefits are annually revised estimates and may diverge from future obligations due to changes in market and economic conditions, as well as changes in actuarial assumptions, which may require additional contributions to rebalance the plans. The calculation of actuarial obligations, both for our pension plans and for our health care plan benefits, is based on estimates and actuarial assumptions, as well as on the modeling of business rules, observing the applicable regulations of each plan and the applicable law. Thus, the value of the obligations corresponds to an estimate that may change over time, as the assumptions and estimates are not confirmed . In addition, we and Petros face risks related to supplementary pension, including a gradual increase in the longevity of the population covered, legal risks accentuating the level of benefits and risks that affect the financial assets held by Petros to cover obligations of the benefit plans sponsored by us, which may not generate the necessary returns to cover the relevant liabilities, in which case additional contributions from us and participants may be necessary, subject to the constitutional contributory parity rule. Regarding health benefits, projected cash flows may also be impacted by the following factors: higher increase in medical costs than expected; additional claims arising from benefits extension; and Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 35 difficulty in adjusting the contributions of participants to reflect increases in health costs. These factors may result in an increase in our liabilities and may adversely affect our results and our financial condition. 1.k) Difficulties in attracting, developing and retaining people with the necessary skills and qualifications can negatively impact the implementation of our strategy. Our success depends on the capacity to continue training and qualifying our personnel so that they are qualified to assume senior positions in the future. The entry of employees in a public position or employment in Brazil is made possible by a public selection process, as provided for in the Federal Constitution. Since the Consolida o das Leis do Trabalho (Consolidation of Labor Laws) does not allow us to require more than six months previous experience, we cannot guarantee that new employees have the adequate experience to perform the activities for which they are designated, that is, with qualifications, experience and skills previously developed in the market. There is no guarantee that we will adequately allocate and train our employees, nor that we will be able to do so without incurring additional costs. Any failure may adversely affect our results and business. 1.l) Strikes, work stoppages or labor unrest by our employees or by the employees of our suppliers or of our contractors may adversely affect our results and our business. Labor unrest, including strikes and work stoppages, may arise from disagreements regarding corporate strategy, workforce management and compensation, benefit plans and related regulations, pension funding requirements, and changes in applicable labor laws and regulations, among other matters. Labor unrest at our facilities or affecting our major suppliers and contractors, or broader industrial actions that impact sectors critical to our business, may disrupt operations, delay projects and impair supply chains, which could adversely affect our results and financial condition. 1.m) Our business may be materially and adversely affected by the emergence of epidemics or pandemics. Epidemics and pandemics caused by infectious agents, can impact the health of our workforce, our partners and suppliers, as well as demand the redesign of routines, procedures and organization of work in general, and may consequently affect the continuity of various activities and our productivity. The operation of facilities such as platforms, refineries, terminals, among others may be impacted, as well as the full functioning of the supply chain. In addition, such public health events may affect oil prices and demand, which, consequently, may negatively impact our results and financial condition. 1.n) We do not maintain insurance against business interruption in operations in Brazil and most of our assets are not insured against war or sabotage. We generally do not maintain insurance coverage for business interruptions of any nature for our operations in Brazil, including business interruptions caused by labor disputes. If, for instance, our workers or those of our main suppliers, vendors and service providers were to strike, the resulting work stoppages could have an adverse effect on us. In addition, as a general rule, there is no insurance for our assets in case of war or sabotage. Therefore, an attack or incident that causes the interruption of operations may have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition. Additionally, our insurance policies do not cover all types of risks and liabilities in the area of safety, environment, health, government fees, fines or punitive damages, which may impact our results. We cannot guarantee that incidents will not occur in the future, that there will be insurance to cover the damages or that we will not be held responsible for these events, which may negatively affect our results. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 36 Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that the amounts of insurance coverage contracted for risks related to our activities will be sufficient to guarantee, in the event of a claim, the payment of all damages caused, which may adversely affect our business and results. 1.o) Maintaining our competitiveness depends on our ability to develop, adapt and gain access to new technologies. Technology and innovation are central elements to ensure our competitiveness, safety and future value generation. We direct our research, development and innovation efforts both to improve the efficiency and growth of the current business, as well as to diversify future businesses, whether through incremental or disruptive innovation. If we do not innovate in the areas of knowledge of the industry in which we operate, from the improvement of processes and assets to the conception of the industry of the future, we may face adverse effects on our competitiveness, our ability to implement our long-term strategy and our ability to expand value creation. In addition, without technological innovation, we may have difficulties identifying and developing decarbonization solutions at lower costs to society, as well as difficulties offering access to increasingly clean energy, compromising our competitiveness and ability to respond to new environmental regulations and market trends in a timely manner. 1.p) Our development in the energy transition segment, which includes low-carbon products and services, is subject to uncertainties that may negatively impact the risk profile and rate of return of our portfolio. We may undertake investments (organically or via acquisitions or partnerships) in the energy transition segment that may negatively impact the risk profile and rate of return of our portfolio, due to the risks associated with these new project opportunities. The success of investments related to the energy transition depends on the development of new processes, operational synergies, government regulations, recruitment and training, as new professional skills may be required. Although these projects currently represent a small share of our portfolio, the development of low-carbon products and services may have lower operating margins than traditional oil and gas operations and is subject to uncertainties that may have an adverse effect on our expected financial results. The demand for fossil fuels is expected to decline as alternative technologies become increasingly viable and popular. Our ability to remain competitive while transitioning toward cleaner energy sources depends on factors such as regulatory developments and consumer preferences influenced by climate change and the energy transition toward cleaner energy sources. Uncertainties regarding the pace of this energy transition may affect product demand, leading to potential production and supply constraints. The prioritization of businesses and projects to diversify the portfolio depends on the constant updating of methodologies and criteria. Inadequate methods may result in the selection of projects misaligned with strategic objectives, undermining the balance between traditional and low-carbon businesses and affecting the profitability and sustainability of the portfolio. Failures related to the diversification of our operations may negatively impact our revenues. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 37 1.q) As a result of acquisitions, divestments and partnerships, we are exposed to risks that could lead to financial losses. We face risks related to post-closing management and monitoring of contractual obligations and rights in connection with acquisitions, divestments and partnerships. Failure to comply with contractual obligations or to exercise contractual rights may result in financial losses and legal liabilities. As determined by ANP, in case of the total or partial sale of our participation in E&P contracts, we remain jointly liable for abandonment costs after the new concessionaire s production ends, should it default on this task. Such joint liability covers obligations arising prior to or after the transfer, provided that it arises from activities carried out on a date prior to the transfer. The same applies to environmental liabilities, regardless of the segment of which the divested asset is part. According to environmental legislation, liability for environmental damage is the responsibility of all those who directly or indirectly contributed to its realization, and the adjustments made between the buyer and seller parties do not release those parties of their liability. Additionally, reduced control in joint operations may expose us to environmental, reputational, and legal risks, including the risk of government sanctions, as well as to partners financial difficulties. Asset divestments may negatively impact operational synergies and logistical integration, which may adversely affect our operational efficiency and financial results. Partners in our joint ventures and partnerships may fail to meet their financial and operational obligations, or may exercise veto rights over key decisions, which may jeopardize project viability and adversely affect our results and financial condition. We may be exposed to operational, legal and regulatory risks arising from partnership activities, including potential joint liability for litigation and government sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, reputation, cash flow and financial condition. Acquired assets or partnership investments may not perform as expected due to market volatility, regulatory changes, economic conditions, and integration challenges, which may adversely affect our expected returns and financial performance. Additionally, in the event of financial distress of our associated companies, restructuring those companies indebtedness may be necessary, which may expose us to significant risks and potential losses. Such uncertainty may result in financial and reputational impacts for us. 1.r) We are subject to the risk that internal control over financial reporting may become inadequate due to changes in the control environment, or that the degree of compliance with our policies and procedures may deteriorate. Limitations inherent in internal control over financial reporting may cause them to fail to prevent or detect errors and may adversely affect our ability to report financial results in future periods accurately and in a timely manner. In addition, it is difficult to project the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting for future periods, as our controls may become inadequate due to changes in the control environment, or because our degree of compliance with our policies and procedures may deteriorate. The identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting or any of the above occurrences may adversely affect our business and operations and may generate negative market reactions regarding us, potentially affecting our financial conditions and leading to a decline in the value of our shares. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 38 1.s) Investigations conducted by Brazilian or foreign authorities regarding the possibility of noncompliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other related laws may adversely affect us. Potential adverse developments related to past investigations conducted by Brazilian or foreign authorities, including claims asserted by investors in Brasil and abroad, as well as any additional claims related to the Legal Investigation may negatively impact us and could divert the efforts and attention of our management team from our ordinary business operations. In the case of any future investigation or proceeding carried by any authorities in Brazil or any other jurisdiction arising out of any possible noncompliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other laws, we may be required to pay fines or other types of financial convictions, or to comply with court orders on future conduct or suffer other penalties, any of which may have a material adverse effect on us. The outcome of any such investigation or proceeding may negatively impact our image and reputation. We are defendants in collective and arbitration proceedings in the Netherlands, Argentina and Brazil brought by investors (or entities purporting to represent investors) in connection with the Legal Investigation. The claims allege investment losses on our securities listed on the B3 and other markets outside the United States. Potential adverse outcomes could include damages awards or settlements and associated costs, which may adversely affect our results and financial condition. If new information indicates that the estimate we made in 2014 for overpayments incorrectly capitalized was not accurate, we may be required to recognize additional write-offs of capitalized costs and, if necessary, restate prior-period audited consolidated financial statements, which could adversely affect our results and financial condition. For additional information on relevant legal proceedings in which we or our subsidiaries are parties, see Legal and Tax Legal Proceedings in this annual report. 1.t) Operations with related parties may not be properly identified and handled. In accordance with our Related Party Transaction Policy, transactions with related parties must be carried out under market conditions, executed in our best interest, without conflict of interest and meeting the necessary requirements: competitiveness, compliance, transparency, equity and commuting. The decision processes involving these transactions must be objective and documented. In addition, we must comply with the rules of adequate disclosure of information, in accordance with applicable legislation and as determined by the CVM and the SEC. Any failure in our process of identification and treatment of these situations may adversely affect our economic and financial condition, as well as lead to regulatory assessments by agencies. 1.u) Violations of applicable data protection laws may result in fines and other types of sanctions that may adversely affect us. According to Brazilian Law No.13,709/2018 Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais (General Personal Data Protection Law - LGPD ), we will be subject to penalties in cases of disclosure or misuse of personal data. We process personal data from various stakeholders, such as: employees, outsourced employees, customers, suppliers, investors, visitors to our physical facilities and websites, among others. Failure to comply with the requirements set by the LGPD may result in legal claims and/or administrative penalties, including warnings, fines, publication of the infringement, blocking access to personal data, deletion of personal data, partial suspension of database operations, suspension of data processing activities, and partial or total prohibition of activities related to data processing. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 39 2) Risks related to our shareholders, in particular our controlling shareholder 2.a) Our controlling shareholder may pursue certain objectives that may differ from those of certain minority shareholders, or that may affect our long-term strategy. Brazilian law requires that the Brazilian federal government owns the majority of our voting stock and, so long as it does, it will have the power to elect a majority of the members of our Board of Directors and, through them, the executive officers, who are responsible for our day-to-day management. As a result, the Brazilian federal government, as our controlling shareholder, exercises substantial influence over the strategic direction of our business, and has guided, and may continue to guide, certain macroeconomic and social policies through us, as permitted by law. The interests of our controlling shareholder may differ from and not be in the best interest of our minority shareholders, and the decisions taken by our controlling shareholder may involve different considerations, strategies and policies than they have in the past. For additional information on our rules for appointment of Senior Management and conflicts of interest, see Environment, Social and Governance Corporate Governance , Compliance and Internal Controls Compliance and Management and Employees Management Additional Information on our Board of Directors and Executive Officers in this annual report. 2.b) Changes to the shareholder remuneration policy may affect both the payment of remuneration to shareholders and the amount allocated for that purpose. Our ability to pay remuneration to shareholders may be affected by a variety of factors, including our financial performance, debt level, capital requirements, future prospects, and other business considerations. According to our shareholder remuneration policy, the distribution of dividends and interest on capital ( juros sobre capital pr prio - JCP) depends, among other factors, on our operating cash flow and investment level. If we decide on a business plan that requires a higher volume of investments, or amends our plan for that purpose, the amount allocated to remuneration to shareholders may be reduced. In addition, operating cash flow may be impacted by several factors, including oil prices and production, thus influencing distributions to shareholders. Our shareholder remuneration policy may be amended by the Board of Directors at any time, potentially impacting parameters such as payment frequency, calculation formula, financial indicators considered for payment decisions, minimum payment (if any), among others. Payments to shareholders above the statutory and by-law minimum in prior periods are not a guarantee of future payments and do not serve as a reference level. In addition, changes to the composition of our Board of Directors and our management may result in changes to our shareholder remuneration policy. There is a possibility that any such changes will be material and may result in the payment of lower amounts of shareholder remuneration or even no payment in the future. 3) Risks related to our directors 3.a) Failures to prevent, detect in a timely manner, or correct behaviors inconsistent with our ethical principles and rules of conduct may have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition. We are subject to the risk that our directors, management, employees, contractors or any person doing business with us may engage in fraudulent activities, corruption or bribery, circumvent or override our internal controls and procedures or misappropriate or manipulate our assets for its personal or third-party benefit, against our interest. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 40 We cannot guarantee that all our directors, management, employees, contractors or any other person doing business with us will comply with our principles and rules of ethical behavior and professional conduct aimed at guiding our directors, management, employees and service providers. Any failure, whether actual or perceived, to abide by our ethical principles or to comply with applicable governance or regulatory obligations could harm our reputation, limit our ability to obtain financing and have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition. 4) Risks related to our suppliers 4.a) We rely on suppliers of goods and services for the operation and execution of our projects and, as a result, we may be adversely affected by failures or delays by such suppliers. We are susceptible to the risks of contracting, performance, product quality and capacity within our supply chain. If our suppliers and service providers delay or, fail to deliver the goods and services owed to us, or deliver them with defects, we may not meet our operational goals within the expected cost and/or timeframe. In this case, we may ultimately need to postpone one or more of our projects, which may have an adverse effect on our results and financial condition. Our Business Plan foresees contracts for oil production units in the coming years. Due to new technological obstacles, FPSOs have increased in complexity, size and weight of its process plants and this will pose a challenge to the supplier market to fully respond to the demand in this timeframe. Moreover, due to the large volume of resources to be contracted for our project portfolio, the supplier market may be unable to absorb the total demand by the scheduled dates, causing delays in the completion of projects, especially with respect to rigid pipeline installation contracts and EPC (Engineering Procurement and Construction) for downstream works. Additionally, there may be risks of delays in the customs clearance process caused by external factors, which may impact the supply of goods to us and affect our operations and projects. 5) Risks related to our customers 5.a) We are exposed to credit risks of some of our customers and the associated default risks. Any material payment default or non-compliance by some of our customers may adversely affect our cash flow, results and financial condition. Some of our customers may experience financial constraints or liquidity issues that could have a significant negative effect on their creditworthiness. Serious financial issues encountered by our customers could limit our ability to collect amounts owed to us or to enforce the performance of obligations owed to us under contractual arrangements. In addition, many of our customers finance their activities through their cash flow from operations, the incurrence of short and long-term debts, with no availability of reserves for contingencies. Since many of our customers are Brazilian, our cash flow, results and financial conditions may be affected in the event of declining economic conditions in Brazil, resulting in decreased cash flows, combined with the difficulty of access to financing from our customers. This could result in a decrease in our cash flow and may also reduce or curtail our customers future demand for our products and services, which may have an adverse effect on our results and financial condition. Due to the possibility of us being obliged in court to guarantee the supply of products or services to counterparties who are in default, as stated in the risk factor 5.b) We may be required by courts to guarantee the supply of products or services to counterparties who are in default , our cash flow may be reduced, which may have an adverse effect on our results and financial condition. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 41 5.b) We may be required by courts to guarantee the supply of products or services to counterparties who are in default. We may be required by the Brazilian courts to provide products and services to clients, whether public or private institutions, with the purpose of guaranteeing supplies to the domestic oil, natural gas, products and energy market. In this case, we may be required to provide products and services even in situations in which these clients and institutions are in default with contractual or legal obligations, where we have no legal and contractual obligations to provide such services or products or in unfavorable economic and commercial conditions. Although we typically appeal to these decisions, a requirement that we provide such supply in exceptional situations may adversely affect our economic and financial condition. For more information on legal proceedings in which we or our subsidiaries are parties, see item Legal and Tax Legal Proceedings in this annual report. 6) Risks related to sectors of the economy in which we act 6.a) Our cash flow and profitability are exposed to the volatility of prices of oil, gas, LNG and oil products. Most of our revenue derives from sales of crude oil, oil products and natural gas. International prices for these commodities are determined by factors beyond our control and are subject to structural volatility influenced by global supply and demand conditions and expectations. Substantial or extended declines in international oil prices may materially adversely affect our business, results, financial condition and the value of our Proved Reserves. Since 2023, when we announced the approval of our commercial strategy for setting diesel and gasoline prices, we have the commercial strategy that uses market references such as: (a) the customer's alternative cost, as the value to be prioritized in pricing, and (b) the marginal value for us. The customer's alternative cost considers the main supply alternatives, whether suppliers of the same or substitute products, while the marginal value for us is based on the opportunity cost given the various alternatives for the company, among them, production, imports and exports of the product and/or the oils used in the refining process. The commercial strategy is premised on competitive prices per sales hub, places where the ownership of our products is transferred to third parties, in balance with the national and international markets, taking into account the best alternative accessible to customers. In the past, our management has adjusted our pricing of oil, gas and oil products from time to time. In the future, there may be periods during which our product prices will not be in parity with international product prices. Actions and legislation imposed by the Brazilian federal government, as our controlling shareholder, could affect these pricing decisions. Representatives of the Brazilian federal government have at times expressed their views on the need for our prices to take into account domestic conditions. Our Executive Board and management team or Board of Directors may propose new changes to our commercial strategy. Such actions by our controlling shareholder may not be in line with the best interest of our minority shareholders and could result in material adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operation. See Risks - Risk Factor 2.a) Our controlling shareholder may pursue certain objectives that may differ from those of certain minority shareholders, or that may affect our long-term strategy. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 42 On March 12, 2026, the Brazilian federal government enacted Provisional Measure No. 1,340/2026, which entered into force immediately upon publication. The measure introduced: (i) a temporary road diesel commercialization subsidy of R$0.32 per liter for road-use diesel, effective from March 12, 2026 through December 31, 2026 and capped at R$10 billion, which is conditioned on the sale of road diesel at or below an ANP-defined regionalized reference price and may be terminated prior to December 31, 2026 if the cap is reached; (ii) a 12% export tax on crude oil exports, the rate of which may be reduced; and (iii) a 50% export tax on diesel exports for the duration of the subsidy program. While the diesel subsidy program does not impact our ability to practice our commercial strategy, the export taxes could negatively affect our realized export prices and margins and may influence our refining and trading decisions. In addition, Provisional Measure No. 1,340/2026 expanded the administrative enforcement framework applicable to fuel pricing and supply conduct by introducing new penalties under Law No. 9,847/1999 for abusive price increases and unjustified refusals to supply fuels, biofuels and oil products. These measures reflect the Brazilian federal government s ability to influence fuel pricing and market dynamics through regulatory, fiscal or policy actions. The provisional measure may be amended during the legislative process or replaced by permanent legislation, and additional measures affecting fuel pricing, export activities or taxation could be adopted in the future. Any such additional actions may influence our pricing strategy, our margins, alter our commercial and operational decisions, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In our Gas & Low Carbon Energies segment, we import gas from Bolivia and LNG worldwide in addition to our own production. Imported LNG costs are volatile and influenced by global supply and demand conditions and international geopolitics. Import volumes depend primarily on thermoelectric power generation levels, which relate to Brazilian hydrological conditions. Domestic sales price changes are influenced by contract terms and indexes, creating risk of discrepancy between sale prices and LNG costs. We cannot guarantee our pricing methodology will not change in the future. Changes to our commercial strategy for fuel pricing could materially adversely impact our business, results, financial condition and securities value. 6.b) The competitive environment of the Brazilian oil and gas market may intensify the requirements for our performance levels to remain in line with the best companies in the sector. Regulatory changes in antitrust and competition laws may impose penalties, business restrictions and difficulties in renewing concessions, which could adversely impact our operations and results and compromise our sustainable growth. Additionally, in the exploration and production segment, we may not be successful bidding for exploratory blocks in future auctions. In this case, we may have difficulties in repositioning our portfolio in exploration and production assets that offer greater profitability and competitive advantage, especially in the Pre-salt layer, which could negatively affect our results. 6.c) Fragility in the performance of the Brazilian economy, instability in the political environment, legal or regulatory changes and investor perception of these conditions may adversely affect the results of our operations and our financial performance and may have a relevant adverse effect on us. Our activities are strongly concentrated in Brazil. Economic policies adopted by the Brazilian federal government may have important effects on Brazilian companies, including us, and on market conditions and prices of Brazilian securities. Our financial conditions and results may be adversely affected by several factors, such as: exchange rate movements and volatility; inflation; Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 43 financing of government fiscal deficits; price instability; interest rates; liquidity of domestic capital and lending market ; tax policy; legal or regulatory policy for state owned companies and their subsidiaries; wages and labor costs; regulatory policy for the oil and gas industry; policies and regulatory requirements associated with climate change mitigation and the transition to a low-carbon economy; political instability resulting from allegations of corruption involving political parties, elected officials or other public officials; and political , diplomatic, social and economic developments affecting Brazil. Uncertainty about whether the Brazilian federal government will implement changes in policy or regulations that may affect any of the factors mentioned above or other factors in the future may lead to economic uncertainty in Brazil and increase the volatility of the Brazilian securities market and securities issued abroad by Brazilian companies, which may have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition. 6.d) Market fluctuations related to political instability, acts of terrorism, insurrection, armed conflicts and wars in various regions of the world may have a material adverse effect on our business. Geopolitical risk factors have become more prominent globally. Military conflicts and resulting economic sanctions could negatively affect the global economy, including Brazil, and impact crude oil flows and related markets. In particular, ongoing geopolitical tensions and military conflicts in key oil-producing regions continue to create uncertainty in global energy markets and pose risks to our business. Armed conflicts and related sanctions, including heightened tensions in the Middle East, can affect oil, natural gas and LNG supply chains, reduce throughput through maritime chokepoints, and contribute to price volatility. We cannot predict the extent of the ongoing geopolitical tensions and their impact on our business and on oil, oil products, natural gas and LNG prices. In addition, protectionist measures and trade restrictions have gained prominence globally, raising concerns about potential increased sanctions and import tariffs on major oil market participants. These developments could affect global trade flows, affecting supply chains, intensify competition in international markets, and increase operational costs, creating challenges for us in securing supplies, maintaining cost efficiency, and accessing affected markets. Supply chain delays or interruptions, significant cost increases, and heightened volatility in oil, oil products, natural gas and LNG prices could adversely affect demand for our goods and services and the price of our securities. 6.e) We are vulnerable to increased debt service resulting from depreciation of the real in relation to the U.S. dollar and increases in prevailing market interest rates. As of December 31, 2025, 70.7% of our total finance debt (current and non-current) was denominated in currencies other than the real . A depreciation of the real against other currencies will increase our debt service in reais , as the amount of reais necessary to pay principal and interest on foreign currency debt will increase with this depreciation. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 44 Foreign exchange variations may have an immediate impact on our reported expenses and incomes. Some of our operating expenses, capital expenditures, investments and import costs will increase in the event of a depreciation of the real . In turn, as most of our revenues are denominated in reais , but linked to international oil and oil products dollar prices, unless we increase the prices of our products in the local market to reflect the depreciation of the real , our cash generation relative to our capacity to service debt may decline. Debt service can also be impacted by changes in interest rates. To the extent we refinance our maturing obligations with newly contracted debts, we may incur additional interest expenses. As of December 31, 2025, 38.7% of our total finance debt (current and non-current) consisted of floating rate debt. We generally do not enter into derivative contracts or similar financial instruments or make other agreements with third parties to hedge against the risk of an increase in interest rates. To the extent that floating rates rise, we may incur in additional expenses. Moreover, as we refinance our existing debt in the coming years, the mix of our indebtedness may change, specifically as it relates to the ratio of fixed to floating interest rates, the ratio of short-term to long-term debt, and the currencies in which our debt is denominated or to which it is indexed. Changes that affect the composition of our debt and cause rises in short- or long-term interest rates may increase our debt service payments, which could have an adverse effect on our results and financial condition. 6.f) External factors in a dynamic environment may affect the implementation of our corporate strategy. We may face risks arising from temporal misalignment between the identification and assessment of external risk factors and the effective review and update of our corporate strategy. This lack of synchronicity may reduce our ability to respond swiftly and effectively to changes in the business environment, affecting our competitiveness and results of operations. The effectiveness of monitoring the external environment depends on the quality, scope and continuous updating of the studies and analyses performed. Inadequate or insufficient studies may result in inaccurate assessments of risks and opportunities, impairing our ability to proactively adapt to market, regulatory and technological changes. Our Business Plan is reviewed annually. If our Strategic and Business Plans are amended, including due to decisions of the Brazilian federal government as our controlling shareholder, our portfolio management guidelines might be revised. See Risks Risk Factor 2.a) Our controlling shareholder may pursue certain objectives that may differ from those of certain minority shareholders, or that may affect our long-term strategy in this section. In addition, any changes to our Board of Directors, Executive Board and our management team may affect not only our ability to implement our corporate strategy and achieve business objectives, but also continuity of such guidelines and the direction of future actions, including decisions related to operational and investment management. 6.g) Developments in the economic environment, the oil and gas industry and other factors have resulted, and may result, in substantial write-downs of the carrying amount of certain of our assets, which could adversely affect our results. We evaluate on an annual basis, or more frequently when necessary, the carrying amount of our assets for possible impairments. Our impairment tests are performed by a comparison of the carrying amount of an individual asset or a cash generating unit with its recoverable amount, whether in operation or in implementation. Whenever the recoverable amount of an individual asset or cash generating unit is less than its carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carrying amount to the recoverable amount. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 45 Changes in the economic, regulatory, business or political environment in Brazil or other markets where we operate may have a material impact on the assumptions used to conduct impairment tests. For example, a significant decline in international crude oil and gas prices, depreciation of the real , changes in financing conditions, such as deterioration of risk perception and interest rates for assets and projects, among other factors, may affect the original profitability estimates of our projects, which could imply impairment and adversely affect our results. 7) Risks related to the regulation of the sectors in which we are involved 7.a) Divergences in interpretations and new legal and/or regulatory agency requirements in our sectors of operation may result in the need to increase investments, expenses and operating costs, and it may cause delays in production or even reduce the market for our products. Our activities in Brazil are subject to regulation and supervision by regulatory agencies, such as ANP, ANEEL, ANA, ANTAQ, ANVISA and ANM, as well as other agencies, such as CADE, ANPD, IBAMA, ICMBio, IPHAN and others in the Brazilian States and Municipalities. Countries with fragile legal systems or subject to rapid legal and regulatory changes may impose restrictions, nationalizations, expropriations, tax increases, price and exchange-rate controls, and divestment requirements. Regulatory changes considered unfavorable by the industry, as well as change or differences of interpretation between us and regulatory agencies may directly affect the technical and economic assumptions that guide our investment decisions and materially impact our results and financial condition. Furthermore, there are regulatory uncertainties with respect to low-carbon technologies and energy transition projects, and the natural gas market. Legal changes may impact the markets for aviation and marine fuels, diesel and gasoline, for example, with increased mandates for biofuels or the imposition of restrictions for internal combustion engines. The Brazilian legal frameworks related to the low-carbon economy and energy transition, such as carbon capture and storage, offshore wind power plants and production of hydrogen from renewable sources, are still being defined. Therefore, the markets and projects for these initiatives, for now, are gradually evolving in Brazil. As a result, potential delays in establishing such frameworks could hinder us from achieving low-carbon and energy transition goals. Recent regulatory measures may also influence pricing and supply dynamics in our markets. For example, in March 2026 the Brazilian federal government enacted Provisional Measure No. 1,340/2026, which introduced, among other things, a diesel commercialization subsidy under certain circumstances and export taxes on crude oil and diesel, and expanded the administrative enforcement framework applicable to fuel pricing and supply conduct. For more information, please see Risks Risk Factor 6.a. Our cash flow and profitability are exposed to the volatility of prices of oil, gas, LNG and oil products. in this annual report. In 2025, MME and ANP initiated public consultations to implement Law No.14,993/2024. For more information, please see Legal and Tax Regulation - Renewable Energy and Carbon in this annual report. Brazilian legal frameworks related to the fuel of the future initiative remain in the implementation phase, particularly with respect to secondary regulations such as certification and operational requirements. Delays in issuing detailed regulations under these instruments may compromise our competitiveness and our ability to achieve our low-carbon and energy transition objectives. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 46 7.b) We do not own any subsoil accumulations of crude oil and natural gas in Brazil. Under Brazilian law, the Brazilian federal government is the owner of all the country s mineral resources, including subsoil accumulations of crude oil and natural gas. According to Brazilian regulations, the concessionaire or contracted party owns the oil and gas it produces from these subsoil accumulations pursuant to the exploration and production contracts signed with the Brazilian federal government. We possess, as a concessionaire or contracted party of certain oil and natural gas fields in Brazil, the exclusive right to develop and produce the volumes of crude oil and natural gas included in our reserves pursuant to the respective exploration and production contracts, for a specific time frame. The access to crude oil and natural gas reserves is essential to an oil and gas company s sustained production and generation of income, and our ability to generate income could be adversely affected if there are restrictions on the exploitation of these crude oil and natural gas reserves or on the exploration of exploratory blocks, due to changes in current legislation, environmental restrictions or implementation of exception measures. 8) Risks related to foreign countries where we are involved 8.a) We have assets and investments in other countries, where the political, economic and social situation may negatively impact our business. We have presence in other countries in South America and Africa and may operate business in countries where there may be political, economic and social instabilities. In such regions, external factors may negatively affect the results and financial condition of our subsidiaries, including: imposition of price control; imposition of restrictions on hydrocarbon exports; fluctuation of local currencies against the real; nationalization of our oil and gas reserves and our assets; increases in export tax and income tax rates for oil and oil products; unilateral (governmental) and contractual institutional changes, including controls on investments and limitations on new projects; operational instability (security, sabotage, theft); sanctions and trade controls; and geopolitical crisis. If one or more of the risks described above occurs, we may fail to achieve our strategic objectives in these countries or in our international operations as a whole, which may negatively impact our results and financial resources. 9) Risks related to social issues 9.a) Our projects, operations and activities may negatively affect different communities, especially in relation to human rights. Likewise, these may also be affected by the expectations and dynamics of these populations and territories, impacting our business, image and reputation. It is our policy to promote and respect human rights, prevent risks, mitigate impacts and remedy violations, as well as to maintain responsible relationships with employees and the communities where we operate and to exercise due diligence with suppliers and partners. However, throughout the business life cycle, there is a risk that our activities, operations, projects and contracts may inadvertently result in or contribute to human rights violations due to noncompliance with our Social Responsibility Policy, Code of Ethical Conduct, and Human Rights Guidelines, as well as errors in the processes of identifying and assessing human rights risks in people management, the supply chain, partnerships and relationships with communities. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 47 Our activities can affect the social dynamics of the communities where we operate, including for example, the economy, culture, political system, environment, health and well-being and human rights. We have limited control over changes in local dynamics or the expectations of the communities where we operate. Our direct and indirect decisions as well as our activities may cause social impacts, especially in connection with investments, mergers, acquisitions, divestments, decommissioning and operations in new production frontiers, which may affect project schedules or budgets, hinder our operations due to potential litigation, negatively impact our financial condition, and damage our image and reputation. In addition, the various locations where we operate are exposed to a wide range of issues related to political, social and economic instability, as well as intentional acts, which may involve criminal actions, such as illegal tapping of pipelines, theft, robbery and sabotage and non-criminal actions, such as roadblocks and protests. 9.b) Considering that our projects and operations involve third-party suppliers, the risk of violation of human rights by such suppliers is possible, which may harm our image and reputation. Despite the compliance mechanisms that our suppliers must adhere to, including contractual human rights clauses and compliance with our Ethical Conduct Guide for Supplies and labor obligations, the risk of violation of labor laws or human rights by our suppliers is possible, which may result in legal liabilities, financial penalties, and damage to our reputation. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 48 10) Risks related to environmental issues 10.a) Differing interpretations of numerous health, safety, environmental regulations and industry standards that are becoming more stringent may result in increased capital and operating expenditures and reduced production, as well as the application of sanctions and difficulty in obtaining or renewing licenses. Our activities are subject to evolving industry standards and a wide variety of federal, state and local laws, regulations and permit requirements related to health, safety, environmental protection, climate change policy and carbon emissions regulation, both in Brazil and other jurisdictions where we operate. These requirements may result in significant additional costs that could negatively impact project profitability or make projects economically unfeasible. Substantial increases in compliance expenditures or production decreases, including unplanned shutdowns, resulting from increasingly stringent regulations may have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition. Occupational health norms are constantly changing which can lead to differing interpretations. Health-related issues are increasingly subject to judicial proceedings, including the classification of special working conditions and occupational accidents and consequences across civil, labor, administrative and criminal spheres. The implementation of the Digital Bookkeeping System of Tax, Social Security and Labor Obligations ( eSocial ) has provided government oversight agencies with easier access to workers' information, including work accident data, resulting in more proactive oversight activities. We operate in metropolitan regions where pollutant concentrations may exceed air quality standards. New, more restrictive air quality standards are being implemented, likely increasing requirements for technological improvements to reduce air pollution in our industrial units. This may create obstacles to obtaining or renewing operating licenses and require new environmental control practices, generating higher costs. Fuel use may also be subject to emission-related restrictions, potentially requiring refinery investments or resulting in market loss. Non-compliance may damage our reputation and result in fines and indemnities. We cannot guarantee that planned schedules and budgets for investment projects, acquisitions, decommissioning and divestments will not be affected by delays in regulatory and environmental agencies issuing required licenses and permits. Delays in obtaining permits and consents can impact our oil and natural gas production goals, particularly in new frontiers, negatively affecting our results and financial condition. We are subject to sanctions that may delay project delivery and create difficulties in achieving oil and gas production goals, including partial or total embargoes or interdictions. Changes or differing interpretations of health, safety and environmental regulations, as well as our decisions to settle related claims, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results. 10.b) Our commitments to protect the environment rely on our efforts, but also our engagement with suppliers and management of other external factors, which affect the achievement of our strategy. Our Business Plan establishes environmental commitments related to a circular economy, water security, climate change and biodiversity gains focused on forests and oceans, among others, that have highly complex activities associated with them in the coming years. These commitments rely on different stakeholders to be implemented, and we face various challenges in fulfilling them. If we are not able to overcome these challenges properly, we may need to review our environmental commitments ambitions. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 49 11) Risks related to climate issues, including physical and transitional risks 11.a) Climate change could impact our results and strategy. Climate change poses challenges and opportunities for our business. Failure to adapt to climate regulations and global challenges may result in financial, reputational and legal impacts, affecting cash flow, competitiveness, and shareholder value. Stricter environmental regulations and climate change mitigation policies, including GHG emission permits, may increase operating costs and reduce production. Law NO.15,402/2024 establishing Brazil's Carbon Market was signed in December 2024. However, future regulations defining emissions caps and reduction factors could increase expenses and affect our Business Plan. Investors may seek climate-aligned investments. Greater climate risk perception and regulatory restrictions on carbon-intensive sectors may increase difficulty accessing capital and raise costs. We face increasing pressure to develop advanced emission-reduction technologies for a low-carbon economy. Risk arises from loss of competitiveness due to non-implementation or ineffective technologies, potentially impacting our reputation and climate targets. Increased demand for lower carbon intensity products may reduce oil demand and prices beyond our planning assumptions. In Brazil, fossil fuel replacement policies like Fuel of the Future may affect market demand and compromise expected revenues. Sectoral implementation of the National Climate Change Plan ( Plano Clima ) and the National Energy Transition Policy, intended to ensure compliance with Brazil s emission targets and may influence the demand for fossil fuel-based products in the Brazilian market. We face increasing ESG transparency and management demands. Misalignment with these demands, failure to meet climate commitments, or a perceived lack of transparency may harm our reputation and financial results, and may also lead to regulatory scrutiny and litigation. These climate-related factors may negatively impact demand for our products and services, jeopardize business implementation and operation, and adversely affect our results and financial condition while limiting growth opportunities. For further information on how climate changes could impact our Strategic Plan, please see Risks Risk Factor 1.e) The selection and development of our investment projects have risks that may affect our expected results in this section. 11.b) Climate change may also affect operational conditions, potentially causing water scarcity, landslides, flooding, wildfires, heat waves, extreme drought, and changes in meteorological and oceanographic patterns in regions that are material to our operations. Climate change may affect operating conditions including water availability, meteorological and oceanographic patterns at our assets, as well as may increase the frequency of extreme weather events affecting our offshore installations. There is concern that climate change will affect regional atmospheric circulation patterns, leading to changes in meteorological and oceanographic conditions. Changes in these conditions may result in extreme events, such as waves, winds, and shifts in ocean current patterns, which, in turn, may cause significant damage and deterioration to our offshore installations. Our resilience studies for offshore installations use a return period of 50 to 100 years for extreme wind and wave parameters. However, due to climate change, this return period may be reduced. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 50 We have industrial facilities that use water, ranging from large users, such as refineries, to small users, such as transport terminals that, although not very hydro intensive, are logistically important within our value chain. In recent years, several regions of the world, including some regions in Brazil, have experienced events of temporary freshwater shortage, including for public consumption. In case of water scarcity, our water use permits may be suspended or temporarily modified and, as a result, we may be required to reduce or suspend our production activities, since the water availability for human and animal consumption has priority over industrial use. This may temporarily jeopardize our business continuity, as well as generate financial impacts on us and our image. Situations of water scarcity in a watershed where industrial units are located may also result in the formulation or expansion of requirements of water resources management agencies in relation to the restriction of freshwater use for industrial purposes, and may require, for example, the installation of water reuse units in operational units or even purchase of reused water from external sources. Such situations can lead to the need for investments and increased operating costs for this purpose. Water scarcity may also result in the more intense activation of thermoelectric plants, which serve as a complementary energy generating source to renewable energy. In addition, given that the Brazilian northern region strongly depends on the rivers to carry on logistics, the water scarcity may affect navigability in that region, impacting the logistics processes of products and inputs and, consequently, the operational continuity and the fulfillment of customer commitments. Heavy rainfall may cause flooding at industrial plants and terminals, resulting in temporary disruptions, equipment damage, and increased repair and insurance costs. Landslides along pipeline corridors may also trigger interruptions, posing logistical challenges to our operations. Extreme temperatures may result in heat waves that increase health and safety risks for workers in outdoor areas and affect the efficiency of temperature, sensitive equipment. When combined with other environmental factors, extreme temperatures may also increase fire risks near our facilities, potentially compromising asset integrity and requiring additional safety protocols. 12) Risks related to the use of our trademark 12.a) The performance of companies licensed to use our brands may impact our image and reputation. Our former divestment plan, which we followed until 2022, included the partial or total sale of our companies in the fuel distribution segment and some of these deals involved licensing agreements for our brands. Once a licensee holds the right to display our brands in products, services and communications, it may be perceived by stakeholders as us; our legitimate representative or spokesperson. Licensees actions or events related to their business, such as: failures, accidents, human rights violations, errors in business performance, environmental crisis, corruption scandals and improper use of our brands, among other factors may negatively impact our image and reputation, with possible financial losses. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 51 13) Risks related to shares and debt securities 13.a) The size, volatility, liquidity or regulation of the Brazilian securities markets may curb the ability of holders of ADSs to sell the common or preferred shares underlying our ADSs . Our shares are among the most liquid traded on the B3, but overall, the Brazilian securities markets are smaller, more volatile and less liquid than the major securities markets in the United States and other jurisdictions, and therefore may be regulated differently from the way in which U.S. investors are accustomed. Factors that may specifically affect the Brazilian stock markets may limit the ability of holders of ADSs to sell the common or preferred shares underlying our ADSs for the price and time they desire. 13.b) Holders of our ADSs may be unable to exercise preemptive rights with respect to the shares underlying the ADSs. Holders of ADSs who are residents of the United States may not be able to exercise the preemptive rights relating to the shares underlying our ADSs, unless a registration statement under the Securities Act is effective with respect to those rights or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available. We are not obligated to file a registration statement with respect to shares relating to these preemptive rights and therefore we may not file such registration statement. If a registration statement is not filed or there is no exemption from registration, JPMorgan, as the depositary institution, will attempt to sell the preemptive rights and the holders of ADSs will be entitled to receive the proceeds of the sale. However, the preemptive rights will expire if the depositary cannot sell them. For a more complete description of the preemptive rights with respect to the common or preferred shares, see Shareholder Information Shareholders Rights Other Shareholders Rights in this annual report. 13.c) If holders of our ADSs exchange their ADSs for shares, they risk losing the ability to timely remit foreign currency abroad and other related advantages. The Brazilian custodian of our shares underlying our ADSs must obtain a certificate of registration from the Central Bank of Brazil to be entitled to remit U.S. dollars abroad for payments of dividends and other distributions relating to our shares or upon the disposal of the shares. The conversion of ADSs directly into ownership of the underlying shares is governed by Joint Resolution No. 13/2024 and foreign investors wishing to do so are required to appoint a representative in Brazil for the purposes of Joint Resolution No. 13/2024 who will be in charge of keeping and updating the investors certificates of registration with the Central Bank of Brazil, which entitles registered foreign investors to buy and sell directly on the B3. Such arrangements may require additional expenses from the foreign investor. Moreover, if such representatives fail to obtain or update the pertinent certificates of registration, investors may incur additional expenses or be subject to operational delays which could affect their ability to receive dividends or distributions relating to the common or preferred shares or the return of their capital in a timely manner. The custodian s certificate of registration or any foreign capital registration directly obtained by such holders may be affected by future legislative or regulatory changes, and we cannot assure such holders that additional restrictions applicable to them, the disposal of the underlying common or preferred shares or the repatriation of the proceeds from the process will not be imposed in the future. Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 52 13.d) Holders of our ADSs may face difficulties in protecting their interests. Our corporate affairs are governed by our Bylaws and Law No.6,404/76 ( Brazilian Corporate Law ), which differ from the legal principles that would apply if we were incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States or elsewhere outside Brazil. In addition, the rights of an ADS holder, which are derivative of the rights of the holders of our shares, as the case may be, to protect their interests, are different under Brazilian Corporate Law than under the laws of other jurisdictions. The laws concerning insider trading, self-dealing, shareholder rights, and the preservation of shareholders interests may also be different in Brazil compared to the United States. Additionally, the structure of a class action in Brazil is different from that in the United States. Under Brazilian law, shareholders of Brazilian companies do not have standing to bring a class action and, under our Bylaws, must, generally with respect to disputes concerning rules regarding the operation of capital markets, arbitrate such disputes. For more information, see Shareholder Information Shares and Shareholders Dispute Resolution in this annual report. We are a state-owned company controlled by the Brazilian federal government organized under the laws of Brazil and all our directors and officers reside in Brazil. Substantially all of our assets and 
