. RISK FACTORS. Our enterprise risk management approach ensures appropriate resources, processes and controls are in place to identify, measure, monitor and manage risks within established limits and tolerances helping us: Identify and successfully manage risks that present profitable growth opportunities and avoid those that don t. Balance the sometimes-competing demands of various constituencies; meet our customer obligations, satisfy regulatory requirements and optimize shareholder returns relative to the risks we take. We utilize an integrated risk management framework to identify, analyze and mitigate internal and external risks. Execution of our risk management framework delivers perspective that is used in business decision making. Our approach to enterprise risk management is built upon a commitment to continual improvement and ongoing validation. Our governance structure includes Board of Directors ( Board ) oversight, internal risk committees, an enterprise risk management function and dedicated risk professionals with expertise representing each business area. The Board and its committees, which include Audit Committee, Finance Committee, Human Resources Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee, provide oversight no less frequently than quarterly, addressing relevant aspects of our risk profile. Our internal risk committees meet regularly to facilitate the management of issues and review the risk profile of their responsibilities. Each business area and functional area has its own committee responsible for oversight of the material risks within the area. We also have internal committees that provide oversight around certain types of risks across the organization. This matrix approach helps maintain comprehensive risk coverage and preserve an integrated view of risks. The Enterprise Risk Management Committee, comprised of members from the Executive Management Group ( EMG ), exercises enterprise-wide oversight for the most significant risk profiles. Business areas and functional areas have primary responsibility for identifying, assessing, monitoring, reporting and managing their own risks. Our enterprise risk management staff (independent of the business areas) work closely with the dedicated risk professionals aligned to the business areas and functional areas to provide objective oversight, framework enablement and aggregated risk analysis. This results in a model where risk management can be closer to actual risks while also facilitating effective oversight and consolidation at the enterprise level. Internal Audit provides independent, risk-based objective assurance and advice designed to add value and improve our operations. It helps us accomplish our objectives by bringing a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, internal control and governance processes; and by promoting continuous improvement. The Chief Internal Auditor reports functionally to the Board Audit Committee and administratively to our Chief Risk Officer. Risk appetites, tolerances and limits have been established from an enterprise-wide and business area perspective for specific risk categories, where appropriate. We monitor a variety of risk metrics on an ongoing basis and take appropriate steps to manage our established risk limits and escalation levels. Quarterly risk reporting provides a feedback loop between business areas, functional areas, our internal risk committees and the enterprise risk management function. This reporting also includes perspectives on emerging risk. To the extent potentially significant business activities or operational initiatives are considered, analysis of the possible impact on our risk profile takes place. This analysis includes, but is not limited to, the capital implications; the impact on near term and long-term earnings; the ability to meet our targets with respect to return on equity, liquidity, debt/capital, cash coverage, business risk and operational risk; and the impact to our reputation. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 19,700 people across the globe, including approximately 11,600 employees who work in the U.S. and 8,100 employees who work outside the U.S. Our employees work from many locations across multiple businesses and are united through a common purpose: to help more people and businesses around the world gain greater access to financial security. We start every relationship by understanding our customers unique journeys, challenges and aspirations. By combining this understanding with our global expertise, we deliver personalized insights, tools and resources to help more people save, invest and protect their financial future. Our purpose-driven culture attracts and retains talented individuals who share our commitment and together, we re building an organization where meaningful work and exceptional employee experiences drive better outcomes for customers, communities and the company. In 2025, our commitment to enabling high performing teams remained strong. We continue to attract, retain and develop the talent needed to deliver our enterprise strategy. Our talent initiatives focus on fostering a strong and supportive community, enabling a tailored approach to life and work, and granting access to boundless opportunity across the enterprise. Grounded in a clear and compelling employee value proposition, we are confident in our ability to build inclusive teams with the global talent necessary to succeed. 16 Table of Contents We invest in employee development in several ways, including experiential learning, growth assignments, relationships with colleagues, formal programming and just-in-time resources. We have an enterprise learning platform allowing for curated learning content aligned with enterprise priorities. This ensures employees have the skills necessary to contribute to our success now and into the future. These investments also ensure our employees can develop the skills most critical to their current and future career aspirations. We continue to pilot new programs to create space for employees to learn new skills and navigate their career. In 2025, we implemented enterprise-wide artificial intelligence and data literacy training. Additional targeted development opportunities exist for employees identified as high potential talent. We know an inclusive culture makes us stronger, and we remain committed to providing a work environment where every employee feels welcome, is respected and has an opportunity to thrive. We are committed to providing our leaders across the globe with regular training, with the goal of establishing more productive connections between teams and enabling thoughtful decision-making. As of December 31, 2025, we had fifteen employee resource groups and networks ( ERGs ), comprised of employees motivated to listen, reflect and provide cultural insights. Our ERGs, which are open to all employees, play an integral role in providing insights into our products, services, workplace and community. In 2025, we continued to invest in programs with measurable impact on employee engagement and retention, including our global mentoring program. Open to all employees, the mentoring program helps individuals achieve outcomes like expanding their network, building leadership skills and improving business acumen. Our Global Inclusion Summit sessions provided opportunities for employees to learn, connect and grow through conversations with senior executives and employees on a variety of inclusion-related topics. In 2025, we measured, in multiple ways, the progress of our efforts to attract and retain employees with a variety of lived experiences and perspectives. We also surveyed employees about their sense of belonging and reported the results through our Global People Inclusion Index. On an annual basis we partner with an external consultant to conduct a global pay equity study; we believe the results of this study place us in a best-in-class category as compared to financial services industry peers. We continuously strive to evolve our human capital policies and processes. To better understand and improve upon talent trends, we use an enterprise people scorecard, where we report employee data and insights on retention, learning, hiring, engagement and productivity. In 2025, we provided company-wide exit surveys to voluntarily departing employees and their leaders, enabling us to better understand turnover trends and rationales. Leaders conducted proactive employee stay conversations and quarterly performance check-ins. In addition, we actively monitored our Engagement Index, which is a clear indicator of employee engagement across the organization. These tools allowed us to gather insights and create actions to manage turnover, including tailored development opportunities and compensation increases for roles in high demand. Our customer focus, commitment to ethical practices, continuous learning opportunities and inclusive environment drive a strong culture where employees can thrive. The following table provides retention data for our employee workforce as of December 31, 2025. Global U.S. Average tenure, continuous years of service (1) 8.9 11.6 Annual turnover rate 16.1 % 10.4 % (1) Continuous years of service represents the number of years employed by us as of December 31, 2025. Our competitive total rewards offerings are critical components of our employee value proposition. The programs for the broader employee population include our employee stock purchase plan and our annual incentive program. For select roles, we offer a long-term incentive plan, which is a stock-based compensation plan. Critical talent and high performing employees are eligible to receive stock awards under our discretionary stock program. Retirement programming for U.S. employees includes eligibility for our 401(k) plan, with a robust company match. Additionally, employees outside our asset management business are eligible to participate in a cash balance defined benefit plan. Outside the U.S., retirement programming varies by country and commonly exceeds statutory requirements. We also offer employees a comprehensive suite of health and welfare benefits, designed to offer support through all stages of their career and life. We put special emphasis on employee wellbeing by offering a wide range of programming aimed at improving overall health, including a state-of-the-art wellness center at our global headquarters in Des Moines, Iowa, and gym reimbursement at other locations. 17 Table of Contents Alongside competitive rewards, we offer our global workforce many ways to support their communities and causes. We encourage in-person and virtual volunteerism through our volunteer time off policy. As an example of this, at the Community Learning Center housed at our global headquarters, employees have ready access to a variety of volunteer opportunities, including the ability to mentor students, provide professional development coaching and teach future-ready job skills such as coding. A generous Dollars for Doers program provides employees a microgrant credit based on volunteer hours they record in our Corporate Social Responsibility platform, enabling employees to contribute earned credits to any nonprofit they choose. We also offer a giving program through which Principal Foundation provides a 50% match on employee monetary contributions, with the match going directly to the organization to which the employee has donated. Internet Website Our internet website can be found at www.principal.com. We make available free of charge, on or through our internet website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with or furnished to the SEC. These reports are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Also available free of charge on our internet website is our code of business conduct and ethics, corporate governance guidelines and charters for the Audit, Finance, Human Resources and Nominating and Governance committees of the Board. Also see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Item 1A. RISK FACTORS In the discussion below, we exclude investments held under coinsurance with funds withheld reinsurance agreements when providing details related to our investment portfolio, as these assets support related obligations and are less relevant to investor risk assessment. Risks relating to economic conditions, market conditions and investments Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, as well as our access to capital and cost of capital. We maintain a level of cash and securities which, combined with expected cash inflows from investments and operations, is believed adequate to meet anticipated short-term and long-term benefit and expense payment obligations. Withdrawal and surrender levels may vary due to economic conditions or changes in our financial strength ratings. For additional information regarding our exposure to interest rate risk and the impact of a downgrade in our financial strength ratings, see RISK FACTORS entitled Changes in interest rates or credit spreads or a prolonged low interest rate environment may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and our net income can vary from period to period and A downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings may increase policy surrenders and withdrawals, reduce new sales, terminate relationships with distributors, impact existing liabilities and increase our cost of capital, any of which could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. In addition, mark-to-market adjustments on our investments and derivative instruments may lead to fluctuations in our reported capital. Volatility, uncertainty or disruptions in the capital or credit markets may result in the need for additional capital to maintain a targeted level of U.S. statutory capital relative to the NAIC s RBC requirements. If internal sources of liquidity are insufficient, we may need external financing, which may not be available on favorable terms. The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as customers or lenders perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. Negative regulatory authority or rating agency actions may impair our access to external funds. Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit our access to capital required to operate our business, most significantly our insurance operations. Market conditions may hinder our ability to meet obligations, satisfy capital requirements, and access the capital needed to grow our business. We may face higher capital costs or reduced flexibility, impacting liquidity and profitability. In addition, we maintain credit facilities with various financial institutions as a potential source of excess liquidity. These facilities are in place to bridge timing in cash flows to minimize the cost of meeting our obligations, particularly during periods when alternative sources of liquidity are limited. Borrowing under these facilities depends on meeting covenants and other requirements. Our failure to comply with these covenants, or the failure of lenders to fund their lending commitments, would restrict our ability to access these credit facilities and, consequently, could limit our flexibility in meeting our cash flow needs. For further discussion on liquidity risk management, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 18 Table of Contents Conditions in the global capital markets, including the equity, bond or real estate markets and the economy generally may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by global market and economic conditions. Continued adverse economic conditions may result in a decline in our AUM, AUA and revenues and erosion of our profit margins. A prolonged downturn in economic conditions could adversely impact the earnings of our borrowers and, therefore, their ability to honor their debt obligations, while also reducing the returns from our equity investments. In addition, in the event of extreme, prolonged market events and economic downturns, we could incur significant losses. Even in the absence of a market downturn, we are exposed to risk of loss of income due to market volatility. Because the revenues of our asset accumulation and management businesses are largely based on the value of AUM and AUA, a decline in domestic and global equity, bond or real estate markets will decrease our revenues. Market turmoil leading to investor withdrawal from markets may reduce AUM, AUA, revenues and net income. For further discussion on equity risk management, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Equity Risk. Macroeconomic factors, including consumer spending, business investment, government spending, market volatility, inflation and currency exchange rates, affect our business volume and profitability. Economic downturns may reduce demand for our financial and insurance products. We may also face increased claims and policy lapsation. Our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. In addition, reductions in employment levels of our existing employer customers may result in a reduction in membership levels and premium income for our specialty benefits products. Reduced payroll deferrals in retirement plans and increased withdrawals of investment accounts may lower AUM, AUA and revenues. Reductions in employment levels may result in a decline in employee deposits into retirement plans. Adverse economic changes may materially impact our net income and financial condition. In addition, increased reliance on passive investment strategies, including target date funds, may amplify market volatility impacts and reduce flexibility in responding to adverse economic conditions. Changes in interest rates or credit spreads or a prolonged low interest rate environment may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and our net income can vary from period to period. Prolonged low interest rates may reduce asset yields below pricing assumptions, lowering profitability. For certain products, we cannot lower crediting rates, even when investment returns decline. In addition, guaranteed minimum interest rates on our life insurance and annuity products may constrain our ability to lower the rate we credit to customers. Lower rates may also reduce trust and custody revenues. Declining interest rates may result in increases in our reserves and other actuarial balances, potentially reducing net income or other comprehensive income ( OCI ). During periods of declining interest rates, borrowers may prepay or redeem mortgages and bonds that we own, which would force us to reinvest the proceeds at lower interest rates. Lower surrender rates may extend liability duration, creating asset-liability mismatches. Low interest rates may also increase the cost of hedging certain product features or riders. Low rates may affect pension and other postretirement employee benefit ( OPEB ) valuations, impacting financial results. In addition, certain statutory capital and reserve requirements are based on models that consider interest rates, and a prolonged period of low interest rates may increase the statutory capital we are required to hold as well as the amount of assets we must maintain to support statutory reserves. Declining interest rates may cause a decrease in the value of market risk benefit ( MRB ) assets and an increase in the value of MRB liabilities and other liabilities held at fair value on our consolidated statements of financial position, potentially reducing net income or OCI. Rising interest rates may also negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. During periods of increasing market interest rates, we may offer higher crediting rates on our insurance and annuity products to keep these products competitive. Asset returns may lag rising rates, compressing spreads and reducing profitability. Rapidly rising interest rates may also result in an increase in policy surrenders, withdrawals and requests for policy loans as customers seek to achieve higher returns. In addition, rising interest rates may cause a decrease in the value of financial assets held at fair value on our consolidated statements of financial position. We may be required to sell assets to raise the cash necessary to respond to an increase in surrenders, withdrawals and loans, thereby realizing capital losses on the assets sold. Prolonged high interest rates may adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to service their debt, leading to outcomes that are more adverse than modeled. Higher surrenders may accelerate deferred acquisition cost ( DAC ) amortization. Rising interest rates may also cause a decline in the value of the fixed income assets we manage, resulting in a reduction in our fee revenue in the short term. In addition, a significant increase in interest rates may cause a reduction in the fair value of intangible assets in our reporting units, potentially leading to an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. For further discussion about interest rate risk management, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk. 19 Table of Contents Credit spread changes affect market prices and reinvestment risk. A widening of credit spreads would cause unrealized losses in our investment portfolio, increase losses associated with credit-based derivatives we have sold that do not qualify or have not been designated for hedge accounting where we assume credit exposure and, if issuer credit spreads increase as a result of fundamental credit deterioration, would likely result in higher allowances. Tighter spreads reduce income from new fixed maturity investments. Credit spread tightening may also cause an increase in the reported value of certain liabilities that are valued using a discount rate that reflects our own credit spread. Volatile markets may impair valuation of thinly traded securities. As such, valuations may include assumptions or estimates that may have significant period-to-period changes from market volatility, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Our investment portfolio s risks may reduce asset values, credited returns and overall financial performance. An increase in defaults or write-downs on our fixed maturities portfolio may reduce our profitability. An increase in the default rate of fixed maturity issuers could harm our financial strength and decrease our profitability. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations Fixed Maturities. As of December 31, 2025, the international investment operations of our fully consolidated subsidiaries held $2.6 billion of fixed maturities, or 40%, of total international invested assets, of which 7% are government bonds. Some non-government bonds have been rated on the basis of the issuer s country credit rating. However, the ratings relationship between national ratings and global ratings is not linear with the U.S. The starting point for national ratings differs by country, which makes the assessment of credit quality more difficult. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments International Investment Operations. An increased rate of delinquency and defaults on our commercial mortgage loans, including balloon maturities with and without amortizing payments, may adversely affect our profitability. Our commercial mortgage loans are subject to delinquency and default risk. An increase in the delinquency rate of, and defaults under, our commercial mortgage loan portfolio could harm our financial strength and decrease our profitability. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations Mortgage Loans Commercial Mortgage Loan Credit Monitoring. A portion of our commercial mortgage loans have balloon maturities. A balloon maturity is a loan with all or a meaningful portion of the loan amount due at the maturity of the loan. Balloon maturities carry higher default risk than amortizing loans. Defaults on balloon loans may result in greater losses due to lump-sum repayments. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations Mortgage Loans Commercial Mortgage Loans. Mark-to-market adjustments on equity securities, trading securities and derivative instruments may reduce our profitability or cause volatility in our net income. Our investment portfolio includes equity securities, trading securities and derivative instruments that are reported at fair value on the consolidated statements of financial position with changes in fair value reported in net income. Fair value changes may reduce profitability and increase income volatility. Future acquisitions may expand exposure to mark-to-market volatility. We may have difficulty selling our privately placed fixed maturities, mortgage loans and real estate investments because they are less liquid than our publicly traded fixed maturities. We hold less liquid investments, including privately placed fixed maturities, mortgage loans, and real estate. These asset classes represented approximately 41% of the value of our total invested assets as of December 31, 2025. In a time of market illiquidity, we may be forced to sell assets at unfavorable prices as reported asset values may not reflect potential sale prices in stressed markets. 20 Table of Contents The impairment of derivative counterparties could adversely affect us. We use derivatives to hedge business risks. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We enter into a variety of derivative instruments with several counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, clearinghouses, exchanges and other institutions. We face counterparty credit risk on in-the-money derivative positions. We mitigate exposure through collateral agreements with most counterparties. Credit risk may increase if collateral proves to be insufficient or unrecoverable. Regarding our derivative exposure, we have over-collateralization requirements on the portion of collateral we hold, based on the risk profile of the assets posted as collateral. We may also hold unsecured debt and equity investments, increasing exposure to these institutions. Such losses or impairments to the carrying value of these assets may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our requirements to post collateral or make payments related to declines in market value of specified assets may adversely affect our liquidity and expose us to counterparty credit risk. Derivative agreements may require collateral posting under certain conditions. We are also required to post collateral in connection with funding agreements with the FHLB Des Moines, reinsurance agreements and various other transactions. Under certain conditions collateral requirements may rise, reducing our liquidity. In addition, under the terms of some of our transactions we may be required to make payment to our counterparties related to any decline in the market value of the specified assets. Such payments could have an adverse effect on our liquidity. Such payments carry unsecured counterparty risk due to lack of segregation or custodial safeguards. Environmental liability exposure may result from our commercial mortgage loan portfolio and real estate investments. Environmental liabilities from mortgage loan and real estate investments may impact our financial strength and profitability. Under the laws of several states and other jurisdictions, contamination of a property may give rise to a lien on the property to secure recovery of the costs of cleanup. In some jurisdictions, environmental liens may take precedence over our mortgage, impairing foreclosure rights. In addition, under the laws of some states and under the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, we may be liable for costs of addressing releases or threatened releases of hazardous substances that require remedy at a property securing a mortgage loan held by us, if our agents or employees have become sufficiently involved in the hazardous waste aspects of the operations of the related obligor on that loan, regardless of whether or not the environmental damage or threat was caused by the obligor. We may incur this liability even after foreclosure. This may harm our financial strength and decrease our profitability. Regional concentration of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio in California may subject us to losses attributable to economic downturns or catastrophes in that state. Our California commercial mortgage loan concentration exposes us to regional economic and catastrophe risks, including but not limited to earthquakes, fires, drought, extreme heat, flooding and tsunamis. Like other lenders, property insurance is required for all borrowers on which we make commercial mortgage loans. Insurance coverage typically includes real property, business interruption, terrorism, wind, hail, fire, named storm, flood and others as applicable. Earthquake insurance is required for those California assets with a high-risk scenario expected loss percentage as determined by an engineering report we obtain for each property. We require and monitor appropriate insurance coverage. If economic conditions in California deteriorate or catastrophes occur, we may in the future experience delinquencies or defaults on the portion of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio located in California, which may harm our financial strength and reduce our profitability. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations Mortgage Loans. Gross unrealized losses may be realized or result in future credit losses, resulting in a reduction in our net income. Fixed maturities that are classified as available-for-sale ( AFS ) are reported on the consolidated statements of financial position at fair value. Unrealized AFS gains and losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ) which is excluded from net income. The accumulated change in fair value of the AFS securities is recognized in net income when the gain or loss is realized upon the sale of the asset or if the decline in fair value requires an allowance for credit loss. Realized or credit losses may materially impact net income. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations Fixed Maturities Available-For-Sale. 21 Table of Contents Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely impact our profitability and financial condition. We face foreign currency risk from international operations and local currency investments. For diversification purposes, assets backing the products may be partially invested in non-local currencies. In our U.S. operations, we may also issue foreign currency-denominated funding agreements to nonqualified investors in the institutional market or invest in foreign currency-denominated investments. The associated foreign currency exchange risk in each instance is hedged or managed to specific risk tolerances. Despite hedging, foreign currency fluctuations to the U.S. dollar may reduce translated earnings. For further discussion on foreign currency exchange risk, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Foreign Currency Risk. Risks relating to estimates, assumptions and valuations Our valuation of investments and the determinations of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our investments may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and, if changed, could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Fixed maturities, equity securities and derivatives represent most assets and liabilities reported at fair value on our consolidated statements of financial position, excluding separate account assets and market risk benefit assets and liabilities. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). Fair value estimates rely on market data and judgment. Different assumptions or methods may materially affect fair value estimates. For additional information on our valuation methodology, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 18, Fair Value Measurements. Market disruptions may impair valuation of certain securities. There may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the current financial environment. Such conditions increase reliance on judgment and subjective inputs. As such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation as well as valuation methods that require greater estimation, which could result in values that are different from the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. Further, rapidly changing credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Allowance and impairment levels are based on periodic risk assessments by asset class. Such evaluations and assessments require significant judgment and are revised as conditions change, and new information becomes available. Future impairments may exceed current estimates. Additionally, our management considers a wide range of factors about the instrument issuer and uses its best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the instrument and in assessing the prospects for recovery. Inherent in management s evaluation of the instrument are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. For further information regarding our impairment and allowance methodologies, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations under the captions Fixed Maturities and Mortgage Loans and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Valuation and Allowance for Credit Loss of Fixed Income Investments. Any impairments of, or valuation allowances against, our deferred tax assets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect differences between financial and tax bases, using enacted future tax rates. We assess deferred tax asset recoverability quarterly and establish valuation allowances as needed. We consider reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future income, carrybacks and tax planning strategies when evaluating the need for valuation allowances. Tax provisions involve estimates on deductibility, timing and realization of losses and tax credits. In the event these estimates differ from our prior estimates due to the receipt of new information, we may be required to significantly change the provision for income taxes recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Any such change could significantly affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements in the year these estimates change. Future enacted changes in applicable tax rates as well as the tax base could lead to adverse effects in the consolidated financial statements within the year of enactment. Asset value declines may increase valuation allowances, adversely affecting results. For additional information, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Income Taxes. 22 Table of Contents We may face losses on our insurance and annuity products if our actual experience differs significantly from our pricing and reserving assumptions. Profitability depends on actual experience aligning with pricing and reserving assumptions. The premiums we charge and the liabilities we hold for future policy benefits are based on assumptions reflecting several factors, including the amount of premiums we will receive in the future, rate of return on assets we purchase with premiums received, expected claims, mortality, morbidity, lapse rates and expenses. Because we cannot precisely predict future claims patterns, actual claim payments may differ from assumptions used in establishing reserves. As a result, we may experience volatility in the level of our profitability and our reserves from period to period. Emerging experience may require assumption updates which may increase liabilities, reducing profitability. Our results of operations may also be adversely impacted if our actual investment earnings differ from our pricing and reserve assumptions. Economic shifts may alter investment earnings, impacting reserve assumptions. For additional information on our insurance reserves, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Insurance Reserves. The pattern of amortizing our DAC asset and other actuarial balances may change, impacting both the level of our DAC asset and other actuarial balances and the timing of our net income. Amortization of our DAC asset and other actuarial balances depends on several assumptions, including but not limited to, mortality and policy lapse. To the extent actual experience emerges less favorably than expected, the amortization pattern of our DAC asset and other actuarial balances may be adjusted, which may impact the timing of our net income. For additional information, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7, Deferred Acquisition Costs and Other Actuarial Balances. Risks relating to laws, regulations and taxation Changes in laws or regulations may reduce our profitability or impact how we do business. Our businesses are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision throughout the U.S. and in the international markets in which we operate. We are also impacted by federal legislation and administrative policies in areas such as securities laws, employee benefit plan regulations, financial services regulations, U.S. federal taxation and international taxation. Regulatory changes or new interpretations of existing laws may increase compliance costs and reduce profitability. Noncompliance may result in penalties, license loss and reputational harm. Certain Executive orders could affect our business, operations, regional footprint, risk management strategies and investments and increase our costs of compliance. Changes in insurance regulations may reduce our profitability. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive supervision and regulation. The primary purpose of insurance regulation is to protect policyholders, not stockholders or creditors. State insurance regulators, federal regulators and the NAIC continually reexamine existing laws and regulations and may impose changes in the future. New interpretations of existing laws and the passage of new legislation may harm our ability to sell new policies, increase our claims exposure on policies we issued previously and adversely affect our profitability and financial strength. State insurance guaranty associations have the right to assess insurance companies doing business in their state for funds to help pay the obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. Because the amount and timing of an assessment is beyond our control, the liabilities we have established for these potential assessments may not be adequate. The NAIC regularly reviews and updates its U.S. statutory reserve and RBC requirements. Changes to these requirements may increase the amount of reserves and capital our U.S. insurance companies are required to hold and may adversely impact Principal Life s ability to pay dividends or other distributions to its parent. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for a discussion of regulatory restrictions on Principal Life s ability to pay dividends or other distributions. In addition, changes in statutory reserve or RBC requirements may adversely impact our financial strength ratings. See the risk factor entitled A downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings may increase policy surrenders and withdrawals, reduce new sales, terminate relationships with distributors, impact existing liabilities and increase our cost of capital, any of which could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition for a discussion of risks relating to our financial strength ratings. 23 Table of Contents The NAIC implemented a principle-based reserving ( PBR ) approach to valuation of life insurance and variable annuities. Regulators implemented a new economic scenario generator for use in PBR models as of 2026. In addition, PBR for non-variable annuities may be implemented as early as 2026 and is mandatory in 2029. The ultimate financial impact of these changes is uncertain, but they could result in more volatile and less predictable reserve and capital levels for these products. We have implemented, or may implement at any time, reinsurance transactions utilizing affiliated and unaffiliated reinsurers to reinsure or finance a portion of the reserves for certain products. Our ability to enter new reinsurance or reserve financing transactions will continue to be dependent on the cost and forms of transactions available in the market and our ability to obtain required regulatory approvals. For additional information regarding our use of affiliated reinsurance transactions, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 19, Statutory Insurance Financial Information. The NAIC has adopted a group capital calculation. This calculation is not intended to be a regulatory capital requirement, but it will be used by regulators in their supervisory process and could create an additional data point for regulators to consider in evaluating our capital position. Our international insurance businesses are also subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision from central and/or local governmental authorities in each country in which we operate. New interpretations of existing laws and regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations may harm our international businesses, increase the cost of compliance and reduce our profitability in those businesses. The International Association of Insurance Supervisors has adopted its common framework for the supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups ( IAIGs ). Currently we are not designated as an IAIG. If we were designated in the future, we may be subject to supervision and capital requirements beyond those applicable to any competitors without those designations. These international frameworks may influence the regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate, potentially leading to an increase in our capital requirements. Changes in federal, state and international securities laws may reduce our profitability. Our asset management and accumulation and life insurance businesses are subject to various levels of regulation under federal, state and international securities laws. These laws and regulations are primarily intended to protect investors in the securities markets or investment advisory or brokerage clients and generally grant supervisory agencies and self-regulatory organizations broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict the conduct of business for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. In addition, we are subject to local laws and regulations in the global jurisdictions in which we offer or provide asset management services and products. Changes to these laws or regulations, or the interpretation thereof, that restrict the conduct of our business could significantly increase our compliance costs and reduce our profitability. Changes in employee benefit regulations may reduce our profitability. We provide products and services to certain employee benefit plans that are subject to ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulated by various federal agencies, including the DOL. The laws governing employee benefit plans are complex. Failure to comply can result in civil penalties, excise taxes, litigation, and reputational harm. At times, we contract with customers to provide services as an ERISA fiduciary. In this case, ERISA imposes high standards of conduct on our activities, including managing conflicts of interest and complying with prohibited transaction exemptions. Changes to fiduciary rules, including regulations for fiduciary investment advice, may require modifications to our business practices, compensation structures, systems, and compliance programs. These changes could increase operational costs and limit certain sales practices. The U.S. Congress has, from time to time, considered legislation relating to changes in ERISA to permit application of state law remedies, such as consequential and punitive damages, in lawsuits for wrongful denial of benefits, which, if adopted, could increase our liability for damages in future litigation. Changes in regulations that reduce the benefits of defined contribution plans may result in reduced contributions levels and decrease our profitability. 24 Table of Contents Changes in cybersecurity or privacy regulations may increase our compliance costs, limit our ability to gain insight from data and lead to increased scrutiny. We collect, process, store, share, disclose and use personal information from and about our customers, employees and plan participants as well as our website, mobile and application users. Any actual or perceived failure by us or our service providers to comply with our privacy policies, privacy-related obligations to customers, employees or third parties, data disclosure consent obligations and data protection obligations may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation or public statements critical of us. Such actual or perceived failures could also cause our customers, suppliers and employees to lose trust in us, which may have an adverse effect on our business. See the risk factor entitled We face risks arising from vendor failures or data breaches for further discussion of third party impacts. Restrictions on data collection and use may limit opportunities to gain business insights useful to running our business and offering innovative products and services. We are subject to numerous federal, state, and international regulations regarding the privacy and security of personal information. These laws vary widely by jurisdiction. U.S. federal, state and local data protection laws such as the New York Department of Financial Services Part 500 cybersecurity requirements for financial services companies, the California Consumer Privacy Act and California Privacy Rights Act, China s Cybersecurity Law, the EU GDPR and the China Personal Information Protection Law. Ongoing global developments in artificial intelligence ( AI ) regulations, such as the EU AI Act, Colorado AI Act, and other AI-related legislation will continue to increase and require attention and investments, Regulations such as these, which are designed to protect privacy and prevent misuse of personal information, are complex and change frequently. The public, consumer and privacy advocates, legislatures and regulators are increasingly concerned about the collection, use, sharing and cross-border transfer of personal data, especially personal information that may be deemed sensitive, such as U.S. Social Security Numbers, other federal identifiers (non-U.S.), financial information, behavioral data, biometric data and health data. Additional legislative or regulatory action in the United States and globally could further regulate our collection, use, sharing and other processing of personal data. Evolving privacy laws may raise compliance costs and increase reputational and regulatory risks. Our financial results may be adversely impacted by environmental, social and governance requirements. Our financial and operational results could be impacted by emerging risk and changes to the regulatory landscape in areas like environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) requirements. While we closely monitor and respond to topics like social, environmental and demographic changes that include longer lifespans, income and wealth inequalities, environmental challenges and opportunities to expand global access to the financial system across all segments of the population, updated and changing regulatory and societal environment requirements could impact financial and operational results. Changes and uncertainty in U.S. and non-U.S. legislation, policy or regulation regarding climate risk management or other ESG practices may result in higher regulatory costs, compliance costs and increased capital expenditures. Changes in regulations may also impact market conditions and our financial results, leading to realized or unrealized losses and decreased revenues. Actual or perceived failure to adequately address ESG expectations of our various stakeholders (which continue to evolve and may, at times, be in conflict) could lead to a tarnished reputation, loss of customers and clients and could negatively impact our access to capital. Changes in tax laws could increase our tax costs and reduce sales of our insurance, annuity and investment products. Many of the insurance, annuity and investment products we issue receive favorable tax treatment under current U.S. federal income tax laws. Tax law changes may reduce product appeal by eliminating tax advantages. This may lead to a reduction in sales and deposits, which may adversely impact our profitability. In addition, we benefit from certain tax items, including but not limited to, dividends received deductions, tax credits (such as foreign tax credits), tax-exempt bond interest and insurance reserve deductions. From time to time, the U.S. Congress, as well as foreign, state and local governments, consider legislative changes that could reduce or eliminate the benefits associated with these and other tax items. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has released proposed policies around base erosion and profit shifting and modernizing global tax systems originally designed to only account for physical presence. Our profitability could be negatively impacted as legislation is adopted by participating countries. We continue to evaluate the impact potential tax reform proposals may have on our future results of operations and financial condition. For a further discussion of tax matters, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 14, Income Taxes. 25 Table of Contents Our ability to pay stockholder dividends, make share repurchases and meet our obligations may be constrained by the limitations on dividends or other distributions Iowa insurance laws impose on Principal Life. We are an insurance holding company whose assets include all the outstanding shares of the common stock of Principal Life and other subsidiaries. Our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, make share repurchases and meet our obligations, including paying operating expenses and any debt service, depends upon the receipt of dividends or other distributions from Principal Life. Iowa insurance laws impose limitations on the ability of Principal Life to pay dividends or make other distributions to its parent. Any inability of Principal Life to pay dividends or make other distributions in the future may cause us to be unable to pay dividends to our stockholders and meet our other obligations. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for a discussion of regulatory restrictions on Principal Life s ability to pay dividends or make other distributions. Changes in accounting standards may adversely affect our reported results of operations and financial condition. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ). From time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. The required adoption of future accounting standards may adversely affect our reported results of operations and financial condition and may result in significant incremental costs associated with initial implementation and ongoing compliance. For a discussion of the impact of accounting pronouncements issued but not yet implemented, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1, Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies . Litigation and regulatory investigations may affect our financial strength or reduce our profitability. We are regularly involved in litigation, both as a defendant (primarily) and as a plaintiff. Litigation naming us as a defendant ordinarily arises out of our business operations as a provider of asset management and accumulation products and services, life insurance and specialty benefits products and services and our investment activities. We are, from time to time, also involved in various governmental, regulatory and administrative proceedings and inquiries. Legal liability or adverse publicity with respect to current or future legal or regulatory actions, whether or not involving us, may affect our financial strength or reduce our profitability. For further discussion on litigation and regulatory investigation risk, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 16, Contingencies, Guarantees, Indemnifications and Leases under the caption, Litigation and Regulatory Contingencies and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 14, Income Taxes under the caption Other Tax Information. Damage to our reputation may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. Our continued success is dependent upon our ability to earn and maintain the trust and confidence of customers, distributors, advisors, employees and other stakeholders. Damage to our reputation may arise from a variety of sources including, but not limited to, litigation or regulatory actions, compliance failures, employee misconduct, conduct of third parties working on our behalf, cybersecurity incidents or other fraudulent activities, unfavorable press coverage and unfavorable comments on social media. Adverse developments within our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny and increased operating costs. Any damage to our reputation could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, distributors and employees, potentially leading to a reduction in our revenues and profitability. Reputational harm from litigation, compliance failures, or third party misconduct may reduce revenues and profitability. Adverse developments within our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny and increased operating costs. Any damage to our reputation could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, distributors and employees, potentially leading to a reduction in our revenues and profitability. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. We rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. Third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. We may have to litigate to enforce and protect our copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which represents a diversion of resources that may be significant in amount and may not prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce the protection of our intellectual property assets could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete. 26 Table of Contents We also may be subject to costly litigation in the event another party alleges our operations or activities infringe upon such other party s intellectual property rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents or other protections that could be infringed by our products, methods, processes or services or could otherwise limit our ability to offer certain product features. Any party that holds such a patent could make a claim of infringement against us. We may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark, license usage rights or misappropriation of trade secret rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant liability for damages. If we were found to have infringed or misappropriated a third party patent or other intellectual property rights, we could incur substantial liability, and in some circumstances could be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers or utilizing and benefiting from certain methods, processes, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses, or alternatively could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Legal liability or adverse publicity with respect to current or future legal or regulatory actions, whether or not involving us, may affect our financial strength or reduce our profitability. For further discussion on litigation and regulatory investigation risk, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 16, Contingencies, Guarantees, Indemnifications and Leases under the caption, Litigation and Regulatory Contingencies and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 14, Income Taxes under the caption Other Tax Information. From time to time, we may become subject to tax audits, tax litigation or similar proceedings, and as a result we may owe additional taxes, interest and penalties in amounts that may be material. We are subject to income taxes in the United States as well as many other jurisdictions. In determining our provisions for income taxes and our accounting for tax-related matters in general, we are required to exercise judgment. We regularly make estimates where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The final determination of any tax audit, appeal of the decision of a taxing authority, tax litigation or similar proceedings may be materially different from that reflected in our historical financial statements. The assessment of additional taxes, interest and penalties could be materially adverse to our current and future results of operations and financial condition. Applicable laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage takeovers and business combinations that some stockholders might consider in their best interests. State laws and our charter documents may deter a takeover that some stockholders might favor. For instance, they may prevent our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. These provisions may negatively affect our stock price by discouraging future takeovers. Our governance structure may hinder stockholders from replacing management. These provisions may facilitate management entrenchment, which may delay, defer or prevent a change in our control, which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. The following charter provisions may delay or prevent takeovers. Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws: permit our Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock; divide our Board into three classes; limit the ability of stockholders to remove directors; prohibit stockholders from filling vacancies on our Board; prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders; impose advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at stockholder meetings and require 75% shareholder approval to amend key governance provisions: the classified board, the director s discretion in determining what he or she reasonably believes to be in the best interests of PFG, the liability of directors, the removal of directors by shareholders, the prohibition on stockholder actions by written consent and the supermajority voting requirements. 27 Table of Contents In addition, Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware may limit the ability of an interested stockholder to engage in business combinations with us. An interested stockholder is defined to include persons owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. Risks relating to our business Our risk management framework may not identify or mitigate all risks, potentially leading to unexpected losses. We utilize an integrated risk management framework, designed to manage material risks within established thresholds. Nonetheless, our policies and procedures may not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating every risk to which we are exposed. Many of our methods for managing and mitigating risk rely on models and assumptions that are based, in part, on observed historical data. As a result, these methods, models or assumptions may not accurately predict future exposures, which may be significantly greater than our historical measures indicate. We may be exposed to unanticipated risks as a result of changes in market conditions, new products or new business strategies, catastrophes or other unforeseen circumstances. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we may suffer unexpected losses, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Competition, including from companies that may have greater financial resources, broader arrays of products, higher ratings and stronger financial performance, may impair our ability to retain existing customers, attract new customers and maintain our profitability. We face competition from financial services firms with potential advantages in key areas described in Item 1. Business Competition. Our Retirement and Income Solutions segment and our Principal Asset Management segment primarily compete with asset managers, wealth managers, banks, mutual funds, institutional trust companies, broker-dealers, recordkeepers and insurers. Our ability to increase and retain AUM is directly related to the quality of our recordkeeping system and services and the performance of our investments as measured against market averages and the performance of our competitors. Even when securities prices are generally rising, performance can be affected by investment styles. Our Benefits and Protection segment primarily competes with other insurance companies. Competitor pricing may pressure us to reduce premiums or fees. Reductions in the premiums and fees we charge may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. A downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings may increase policy surrenders and withdrawals, reduce new sales, terminate relationships with distributors, impact existing liabilities and increase our cost of capital, any of which could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. A.M. Best, Fitch, Moody s and S&P publish financial strength ratings on U.S. life insurance companies as well as some of our international insurance companies. These ratings indicate the applicable rating agency s opinion regarding an insurance company s ability to meet contractholder and policyholder obligations. These rating agencies also assign credit ratings on non-life insurance entities, such as PFG and Principal Financial Services, Inc. ( PFS ). Credit ratings indicate the applicable rating agency s opinion regarding a debt issuer s ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner and are important factors in overall funding profile and ability to access external capital. Ratings are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and maintaining public confidence in products being offered. Our ratings could be downgraded at any time without advance notice by any rating agency. A ratings downgrade, or the potential for such a downgrade, could, among other things: materially increase the number of surrenders for all or a portion of the net cash values by the owners of policies and contracts we have issued, and materially increase the number of withdrawals by policyholders of cash values from their policies; result in the termination of our relationships with broker-dealers, banks, agents, wholesalers and other distributors of our products and services; reduce new sales, particularly with respect to pension risk transfer products and general account GICs and funding agreements purchased by pension plans and other institutions; cause some of our existing liabilities to be subject to acceleration, additional collateral support, changes in terms, or creation of additional financial obligations; and increase our cost of capital and limit our access to the capital markets. Any of these consequences could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. 28 Table of Contents For further discussion on financial strength and credit ratings outlook, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. Technological and societal shifts may require changes to our distribution, customer service and product offerings. These changes, led by rapidly evolving AI capabilities, may lead to significant changes in the marketing, distribution, underwriting and pricing of financial services products. In addition, technological and societal changes may lead to changes in customers preferences as to how they want to interact with us and the types of products they want to buy. We may need to change our customer service model or our product offerings to accommodate evolving customer preferences. To the extent our competitors are more successful than us at adapting to technological changes and evolving customer preferences, our competitive position and profitability may be adversely impacted. Client terminations or withdrawals or changes in investor preferences may lead to a reduction in revenues for our asset management and accumulation businesses. Revenues from our asset management and accumulation products are primarily fee-based. Our asset-based fees are typically calculated as a percentage of the market value of AUM. Clients may terminate relationships or withdraw funds with little notice. Client terminations and withdrawals may be driven by a variety of factors, including economic conditions, investment performance, investor preferences or changes in our reputation in the marketplace. Large withdrawals may reduce AUM and impact profitability. In addition, fee levels can vary significantly among different types of investments. We generally earn higher fees on liquid alternatives and equity investments vs. fixed income investments and on actively managed investments vs. indexed or passive investment strategies. Therefore, our fee revenue is impacted by both the value and the composition of our AUM. Investor preferences with respect to asset classes and investment strategies may shift over time due to market conditions, tax law changes, regulatory changes and various other factors. Changes in the composition of our AUM may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. Guarantees within certain of our products that protect policyholders may decrease our net income or increase the volatility of our results of operations or financial position under U.S. GAAP if our hedging or risk management strategies prove ineffective or insufficient. Certain of our variable annuity products include guaranteed minimum death benefits and/or guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits. We use derivatives to manage exposure and income volatility from guaranteed product liabilities. However, we remain liable for the guaranteed benefits if derivative counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay. The liability exposure and volatility of net income or OCI may also be influenced by changes in market credit spreads reflecting our own creditworthiness, for which we do not attempt to hedge. In addition, we are subject to the risk that hedging and other management procedures prove ineffective or that unanticipated policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, produces economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed. These, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on our net income, financial condition or liquidity. Hedging costs may rise with implied volatility increases and/or falling interest rates, reducing net income. Our international businesses face political, legal, operational and other risks that could reduce our profitability in those businesses. Our international operations face distinct political, legal and operational risks. Risks include discriminatory regulation, asset expropriation and currency controls limiting fund transfers. Geopolitical tensions and conflicting legal regimes may adversely affect international operations. Political instability and unrest may disrupt operations and local markets. Some of our international businesses are, and are likely to continue to be, in emerging or potentially volatile markets. For example, recent judicial and regulatory reforms in Mexico may create uncertainty for investors regarding the rule of law. The Chilean government is taking its first steps to reform the country s pension system, which includes a proposed increase in contributions and modification of pension fund administration. The impact on the overall competitive environment for private pension fund managers is still to be determined. In addition, we rely on local staff, including local sales forces, in those locations where there is a risk and we may encounter labor problems with local staff, especially in locations where workers associations and trade unions are strong. Some jurisdictions mandate in-country data storage, increasing compliance costs. This may result in higher compliance and technology expenses, as well as the suboptimization of business processes. 29 Table of Contents We face risks arising from fraudulent activities. Fraudulent claims may increase both claims and operational expenses. Customers may be targeted by fraudsters, creating financial and reputational risk. This can result in financial risks in circumstances where we make our customers and participants whole if the theft occurred by a defeat of our fraud prevention and detection processes. Insufficient safeguards may lead to reputational and regulatory consequences. We face risks arising from vendor failures or data breaches. Our operations increasingly depend on a network of third party vendors, many of whom rely on additional subcontractors or fourth party providers. This extended dependency can lead to a rise in service disruptions and performance failures, particularly in areas critical to financial services such as technology infrastructure, data processing and customer support. These incidents may result in operational delays and reputational risk and may adversely affect our ability to meet regulatory obligations and client expectations. We face risks arising from our participation in joint ventures. We participate in joint ventures, primarily in our international businesses and real estate investment operations. We may lack control in joint ventures, and partner goals may diverge from ours. These factors may limit our ability to take action to protect or increase the value of our investment in the joint venture. We may need to fund deficiencies in our Closed Block assets. In connection with its conversion in 1998 into a stock life insurance company, Principal Life established an accounting mechanism, known as a Closed Block for the benefit of participating ordinary life insurance policies that had a dividend scale in force on July 1, 1998. We allocated assets to the Closed Block as of July 1, 1998, in an amount such that we expected the cash flows, together with anticipated revenues from the policies in the Closed Block, to be sufficient to support the Closed Block business, including payment of claims, certain direct expenses, charges and taxes and to provide for the continuation of aggregate dividend scales in accordance with the 1997 policy dividend scales if the experience underlying such scales continued, and to allow for appropriate adjustments in such scales if the experience changed. We will continue to pay guaranteed benefits under the policies included in the Closed Block, in accordance with their terms. The Closed Block assets, cash flows generated by the Closed Block assets and anticipated revenues from policies included in the Closed Block may not be sufficient to provide for the benefits guaranteed under these policies. If they are not sufficient, we must fund the shortfall. Even if they are sufficient, we may choose for business reasons to support dividend payments on policies in the Closed Block with our general account funds. The Closed Block assets, cash flows generated by the Closed Block assets and anticipated revenues from policies in the Closed Block will benefit only the holders of those policies. In addition, to the extent these amounts are greater than the amounts estimated at the time we funded the Closed Block, dividends payable in respect of the policies included in the Closed Block may be greater than they would have been in the absence of a Closed Block. Any excess net income will be available for distribution over time to Closed Block policyholders but will not be available to our stockholders. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6, Closed Block for further details. Our reinsurers could default on their obligations or increase their rates, which could adversely impact our net income and financial condition. We cede life, annuity, disability, medical and long-term care insurance to other insurance companies through reinsurance. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 12, Reinsurance. The collectability of reinsurance recoverables is largely dependent on the solvency of the individual insurers. We retain liability if a reinsurer defaults. In addition, a reinsurer s insolvency may cause us to lose our reserve credits on the ceded business, in which case we would be required to establish additional reserves. The premium rates we charge are based, in part, on the assumption that reinsurance will be available at a certain cost. Most of our reinsurance contracts contain provisions that limit the reinsurer s ability to increase rates on in-force business; however, some do not. Rate increases by reinsurers may reduce profitability if not passed on to the customers. If reinsurers raise the rates they charge on new business, we may be forced to raise the premiums we charge, which could have a negative impact on our competitive position. 30 Table of Contents We face risks arising from future acquisitions of businesses. We have acquired businesses in the past and expect to continue to do so in the future. We face risk from future acquisitions including integration, employee and intermediary retention, and customer continuity risks. Unfavorable market conditions or unforeseen liabilities may prevent us from realizing the expected benefits from future acquisitions and could result in the impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets recognized at the time of acquisition. For additional information on our goodwill and other intangible assets, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. We face risks in administering coinsurance with funds withheld reinsurance agreements. We have coinsurance with funds withheld reinsurance agreements with Talcott Life & Annuity Re, Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands and an affiliate of Talcott Resolution Life, Inc., a subsidiary of Sixth Street, pursuant to which we ceded our in-force U.S. retail fixed annuity and ULSG blocks of business. Ongoing risks include managing our reinsurance relationships and distribution channel relationships. These risks may limit expected benefits and trigger business recapture or increased management costs. If we are unable to attract, develop and retain qualified employees and sales representatives and develop new distribution sources, our results of operations, financial condition, strategic growth commitments and sales of our products may be adversely impacted. We distribute our asset accumulation, asset management, life insurance and specialty benefits products and services through a variety of distribution channels, including our own internal digital channels, sales representatives, independent brokers, banks, broker- dealers and other third party marketing organizations. We must attract and retain qualified employees, including sales representatives to sell our products and digital professionals to build and enhance our cust
