 – insurance risk This note forms one part of the risk management disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An overview of the Group’s approach to risk management is outlined in note I3 and the Group’s management of financial and other risks is detailed in note E6. Insurance risk refers to the risk of reductions in earnings and/or value, through financial or reputational loss, due to fluctuations in the timing, frequency and severity of insured/underwritten events and to fluctuations in the timing and amount of claim settlements. This includes fluctuations in profits due to customer behaviour. The Life businesses are exposed to the following elements of insurance risk: Mortality higher than expected death claims on assurance products, lower than expected improvements in mortality or adverse movement in mortality rates on Equity Release Mortgages; Longevity lower than expected number of deaths experienced on annuity products or greater than expected improvements in annuitant mortality; F11.1 Sensitivities Insurance liabilities are sensitive to changes in risk variables, such as prevailing market interest rates, currency rates and equity prices, since these variations alter the value of the financial assets held to meet obligations arising from insurance contracts and changes in investment conditions also have an impact on the value of insurance liabilities themselves. Additionally, insurance liabilities are sensitive to the assumptions which have been applied in their calculation, such as mortality and lapse rates. Sometimes allowance must also be made for the effect on future assumptions of management or policyholder actions in certain economic scenarios. This could lead to changes in assumed asset mix or future bonus rates. The most significant non-economic sensitivities arise from mortality, longevity and lapse risk. The table below analyses how the CSM, profit after tax and equity would have increased or (decreased) if changes in underwriting risk variables that were reasonably possible at the reporting date had occurred. This analysis presents the sensitivities both before and after risk mitigation by reinsurance and assumes that all other variables remain constant. Impact on profit after tax and equity 2023 Morbidity/Disability higher than expected number of inceptions on critical illness or income protection policies and lower than expected termination rates on income protection policies or adverse movements in morbidity rates on Equity Release Mortgages; Expenses unexpected timing or value of expenses incurred; Persistency adverse movement in surrender rates, premium paying rates, premium indexation rates, cash withdrawal/drawdown rates, GAO surrender rates, GAO take-up rates, policyholder retirement dates, propensity to commute benefits, transfer out rates or the occurrence of a mass lapse event or adverse change in mortgage prepayment rates leading to losses; Lapse rates New business pricing inappropriate pricing of new business that is not in line with the underlying risk factors for that business. Expenses Concentration of risk concentration of risk arising from insurance contracts might exist where the Group has significant exposure to specific demographic factors such as age, smoker status, geographical location. The Group’s exposure to insurance risk is spread across a diversified portfolio of products and approximately 12 million policyholders. Concentration risk might also arise from insurance contracts that expose the Group to financial risk as a result of options and guarantees contained within the product. Details of the Group’s approach to managing these features are contained in F11.3 Managing Product Risk. The Group sets individual risk limits as a key control within its Risk Appetite Framework. Risk limits are reviewed as part of approving the Group’s Annual Operating Plan and permit concentrations of certain risks only where the strategy can be demonstrated as affordable within risk appetite. The Group sets individual risk limits as a key control within its Risk Appetite Framework. Risk limits are reviewed as part of approving the Group’s Annual Operating Plan and permit concentrations of certain risks only where the strategy can be demonstrated as affordable within risk appetite. Objectives and policies for mitigating insurance risk Insurance risks are managed by monitoring risk exposure against pre-defined appetite limits. If a risk is moving out of appetite, the Group can choose to mitigate it via reinsurance in the case of longevity, mortality and morbidity risks, or by taking other risk reducing actions. This is supported by additional methods to assess and monitor insurance risk exposures for both individual types of risks insured and overall risks. These methods include internal risk measurement models, experience analyses, external data comparisons, sensitivity analyses, scenario analyses and stress testing. Assumptions that are deemed to be financially significant are reviewed at least annually for pricing and reporting purposes. The profitability of the run-off of the closed book of business within the Group depends, to a significant extent, on the values of claims paid in the future relative to the assets accumulated to the date of claim. Typically, over the lifetime of a contract, premiums and investment returns exceed claim costs in the early years and it is necessary to set aside these amounts to meet future obligations. The amount of such future obligations is assessed on actuarial principles by reference to assumptions about the development of financial and insurance risks. Assurance mortality Annuitant longevity Change in risk variable +5% -5% +5% -5% +10% -10% +10% -10% Impact on CSM Gross of reinsurance £m Net of reinsurance £m Gross of reinsurance £m (33) (24) 91 (101) (5) (8) (68) 32 (49) (6) (30) 10 – (13) (67) 32 (112) 211 (946) 896 33 (11) (302) 349 Impact on profit after tax and equity 2022 Assurance mortality Annuitant longevity Lapse rates Expenses Change in risk variable +5% -5% +5% -5% +10% -10% +10% -10% Gross of reinsurance £m (9) (16) 54 (108) 1 (12) (57) 27 Net of reinsurance £m (13) 8 (62) – 5 (16) (57) 27 Net of reinsurance £m (54) 149 (230) 236 20 4 (302) 349 Impact on CSM Gross of reinsurance £m (180) 216 (835) 845 20 – (275) 315 Net of reinsurance £m (118) 147 (250) 304 8 12 (274) 314 F11.2 Assumptions The assumptions used to determine the liabilities are updated at each reporting date to reflect recent experience, unless IFRS17 requires otherwise. Material judgement is required in calculating these liabilities and, in particular, in the choice of assumptions about which there is uncertainty over future experience. The principal assumptions are as follows: F11.2.1 Discount rates All cash flows are discounted using risk-free yield curves adjusted to reflect the timing and liquidity characteristics of those cash flows. For the risk-free yield curve the Group uses those published by the PRA and EIOPA for regulatory reporting. Where necessary, yield curves are interpolated between the last available market data point and the ultimate forward rate. It is therefore necessary for the Directors of each life company to make decisions, based on actuarial advice, which ensure an appropriate accumulation of assets relative to liabilities. These decisions include investment policy, bonus policy and, where discretion exists, the level of payments on early termination. The Group uses a top-down approach primarily for annuities and a bottom-up discount rate for all other business. Under the top-down approach, the discount rate is determined from the yield implicit in the fair value of an appropriate reference portfolio of assets that reflects the characteristics of the liabilities. For annuity business, the Group determines the reference portfolio based on the strategic asset allocation (‘SAA’) which aligns to the strategic investment objectives of the Group. The SAA sets out the target level of investment in a range of asset classes and the yield for these asset classes is determined based on the fair value of assets in that class held at the valuation date. In the Retirement Solutions operating segment, longevity risk exposures continue to increase as a result of the Bulk Purchase Annuity deals it has successfully acquired, however the vast majority of these exposures are reinsured to third parties. New business growth driven by product segments such as Workplace unit-linked pensions, within the Pensions and Savings business, exposes the Group to persistency and expense risks. Adjustments are made for differences between the reference portfolio and the insurance contract liability cash flows, including an allowance for credit defaults. The credit default deduction comprises an allowance for both expected and unexpected defaults and takes into consideration long-term historical data on actual defaults and an allowance for variability around these defaults. The credit default deduction is determined based on the assets held at the valuation date. The approach to determining unexpected defaults is based on a percentage of spread less the expected default allowance. The percentage of spread was set using a top-down view that took into consideration management’s best estimate as to the allocation of the spread between illiquidity factors and the risk of default. Given the widening of spreads during 2022 resulting from macro-economic conditions driven by the war in Ukraine and resulting food and energy crises, surging inflation and the Mini Budget, this judgement became more material. Since the beginning of 2022, the Group has been developing a credit model for use in the Phoenix Solvency II Internal Model (subject to PRA approval), which also provides a best estimate view of credit defaults. The new model applies a stress to long-term historical actual default data to determine the variability of defaults. From 30 June 2022, the new model has been used as an input in determining the assumption for unexpected credit defaults as it is considered to provide a more refined view of the variability of defaults, particularly in volatile market conditions. 242 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 243 Financials Financials Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued F. Insurance contracts, investment contracts with DPF and reinsurance continued F11.2.1 Discount rates continued The top-down approach was further refined as at 31 December 2023. This refinement related to the determination of the yield used in relation to the Equity Release Mortgages asset class. The previous approach calculated the yield by reference to the internal securitisation structure established for this asset class for Solvency II purposes. This was amended as at the reporting date to determine the yield based on the underlying Equity Release Mortgage loans themselves. This refinement had the impact of increasing the liquidity premium applied at 31 December 2023 for GBP Annuities by circa 19bps. Under the bottom-up approach, the discount rate is determined as the risk-free yield curve, adjusted for differences in liquidity characteristics by adding an illiquidity premium. For with-profits business a single illiquidity premium is determined for each fund based on the cash flow characteristics of the contracts within the fund and applied to all contracts within the fund. The tables below set out the yield curves used to discount the cash flows of insurance contracts for major currencies. Risk-free rate (bps) 2023 1 year 5 years 10 years 20 years 30 years GBP Euro 474 336 336 232 328 239 343 240 336 218 2022 1 year 5 years 10 years 20 years 30 years GBP Euro 446 318 406 313 371 309 354 276 335 229 Risk-free rate (bps) Liquidity premium over risk-free rate Annuities GBP Annuities Euro With-Profits GBP – liquid liabilities With-Profits Euro – liquid liabilities With-Profits GBP – illiquid liabilities 2023 bps 2022 bps 173 49 20 20 107 – 173 151 44 10 10 100 – 151 F11.2.2 Risk adjustment The Group has used the confidence level technique to derive the risk adjustment for non-financial risk. The risk adjustment percentile is determined based on the Group’s view of the compensation required in respect of non-financial risk. The diversification benefit included in the risk adjustment reflects diversification between contracts within the perimeter of the Group’s Internal Model. There is no diversification allowed for between contracts measured under standard formula and the internal model. The confidence level percentile is calculated on a one year basis. The risk adjustment calibration is set at least annually, off-cycle, based on the Group’s current view of risk. The risk adjustment calculation is reassessed at each reporting date, i.e. the risk adjustment is not locked-in at initial recognition. For with-profit business, the shareholder’s portion of non-financial risks (including an allowance for burn-through costs to the shareholder) is allowed for in the derivation of the risk adjustment. For non-profit business held within a with-profit fund, the risk adjustment takes into account the compensation required by both the shareholder and the participating policyholders. 2023 2022 80th 80th The one year confidence level used to determine the risk adjustment has been converted to an approximate lifetime confidence level using an approach which involves dividing by the square root of the lifetime duration of the insurance business. Lifetime confidence level 2023 2022 Insurance contracts (gross of reinsurance) 61st 61st F11.2.3 Other assumptions Other assumptions such as policyholder behaviours (lapses and surrender rates), expense inflation and demographic assumptions (i.e. longevity, mortality) are a key component of determining the cash flows related to the insurance contract liabilities. The underwriting risk variables and assumptions are set based on past experience and/or relevant industry data, market practice, regulations and expectations about future trends. Economic assumptions used in the measurement of fulfilment cash flows are market consistent. Expenses and expense inflation Insurance contract liabilities include an allowance for the best estimate of future expenses associated with the administration of in-force policies. This requires the allocation of the Group’s future expenses between those that relate to the administration of in-force policies, those attributable to the acquisition of new business and other costs, such as corporate costs. There is a level of judgement applied in the analysis that supports this allocation. Additionally, judgement is applied in the determination of the projected costs of the Group, in particular where those projections include the impact of transition and integration activity. 244 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 Mortality and longevity rates Mortality rates are based on company experience and published tables, adjusted appropriately to take account of changes in the underlying population mortality since the table was published, company experience and forecast changes in future mortality. Where appropriate, a margin is added to assurance mortality rates to allow for adverse future deviations. Annuitant mortality rates are adjusted to make allowance for future improvements in pensioner longevity. Lapse and surrender rates (persistency) The assumed rates for surrender and voluntary premium discontinuance depend on the length of time a policy has been in force and the relevant company experience. Surrender or voluntary premium discontinuances are only assumed for realistic basis funds. Withdrawal rates used in the valuation of with-profit policies are based on observed experience and adjusted when it is considered that future policyholder behaviour will be influenced by different considerations than in the past. In particular, it is assumed that withdrawal rates for unitised with-profit contracts will be higher on policy anniversaries on which Market Value Adjustments do not apply. Discretionary participating bonus rate The regular bonus rates assumed in each scenario are determined in accordance with each company’s Principles and Practices of Financial Management (‘PPFM’). Final bonuses are assumed at a level such that maturity payments will equal asset shares subject to smoothing rules set out in the PPFM and the value of guaranteed benefits. Policyholder options and guarantees Some of the Group’s products give potentially valuable guarantees, or give options to change policy benefits which can be exercised at the policyholders’ discretion. These products are described below: Most with-profit contracts give a guaranteed minimum payment on a specified date or range of dates or on death if before that date or dates. For pensions contracts, the specified date is the policyholder’s chosen retirement date or a range of dates around that date. For endowment contracts, it is the maturity date of the contract. For with-profit bonds it is often a specified anniversary of commencement, in some cases with further dates thereafter. Annual bonuses when added to with-profit contracts usually increase the guaranteed amount. There are guaranteed surrender values on a small number of older contracts. Some pensions contracts include guaranteed annuity options. The total amounts provided in the with-profit and non-profit funds in respect of the future costs of guaranteed annuity options are £860 million (2022: £922 million) and £61 million (2022: £61 million) respectively. In common with other life companies in the UK which have written pension transfer and opt-out business, the Group has set up provisions for the review and possible redress relating to personal pension policies. These provisions, which have been calculated from data derived from detailed file reviews of specific cases and using a certainty equivalent approach, which give a result very similar to a market consistent valuation, are included in liabilities arising under insurance contracts. The total amount provided in the with-profit funds and non-profit funds in respect of the review and possible redress relating to pension policies, including associated costs, are £191 million (2022: £195 million) and £2 million (2022: £2 million) respectively. With-profit deferred annuities participate in profits only up to the date of retirement. At retirement, a guaranteed cash option allows the policyholder to commute the annuity benefit into cash on guaranteed terms. Assumption changes During the year a number of changes were made to assumptions to reflect changes in expected experience. The impact of material changes during the year was as follows: Confidence level techniques are used to derive the overall risk adjustment for non-financial risk and this is allocated down to each group of contracts in accordance with their risk profiles. The confidence level percentile input used to determine the risk adjustment is as follows: Insurance contracts (gross of reinsurance) Expenses are assumed to increase at either the rate of increase in the Retail Price Index (‘RPI’), or a rate derived from the UK inflation swaps curve, plus fixed margins in accordance with the various management service agreements (‘MSAs’) the Group has in place with outsource partners. For with-profit business the rate of RPI inflation is determined within each stochastic scenario. For other business it is based on the Bank of England inflation spot curve. For MSAs with contractual increases set by reference to national average earnings inflation, this is approximated as RPI inflation or RPI inflation plus 1%. In instances in which inflation risk is not mitigated, appropriate margins are applied to reflect central expectations of earnings inflation in excess of RPI. For insurance contracts: Change in longevity assumptions Change in persistency assumptions Change in mortality assumptions Change in expenses assumptions For reinsurance contracts: Change in longevity assumptions Change in persistency assumptions Change in mortality assumptions Change in expenses assumptions Increase/ (decrease) in CSM (Decrease)/ increase in loss component Increase/ (decrease) in CSM (Decrease)/ increase in loss component 918 (6) (102) (170) (1) 17 12 (35) 239 – 127 (172) (17) 5 (1) 59 (598) – 15 (13) – – – – (122) (10) (40) (33) – – – – Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 245 Financials Financials Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued F. Insurance contracts, investment contracts with DPF and reinsurance continued F11.2.3 Other assumptions continued Assumption changes continued 2023: The £320 million net of reinsurance increase in CSM due to changes in longevity assumptions reflects updates to base and improvement assumptions to reflect latest experience analyses, including moving to the latest CMI model. As well as annual persistency updates to reflect latest experience, assumption changes were made for late retirements and GAO take-up rates during the year. The £(87) million net of reinsurance decrease in CSM due to change in mortality assumptions is driven by changes in Europe & Other base mortality valuation assumptions. The £(183) million net of reinsurance decrease in CSM and £(35) million net of reinsurance decrease in loss component are due to changes in expense assumptions is driven by an increase in reserves principally in respect of delivery of the Group Target Operating Model for IT and Operations included the migration of policyholder administration onto the Tata Consultancy Services (‘TCS’) platform together with Group expense provisions and an increase in modelled maintenance expenses assumptions. This is partly offset due to changes in modelled investment expenses and release of an investment manual. 2022: The £117 million net of reinsurance increase in CSM due to changes in longevity assumptions reflects updates to base and improvement assumptions to reflect latest experience analyses. The £17 million gross increase in loss component is driven by longevity assumption changes on Phoenix BPA business. Persistency assumptions have been updated to reflect latest experience analyses, leading to a £17 million impact on loss component. The £87 million net of reinsurance increase in CSM due to changes in mortality assumptions is driven by changes in morbidity assumption for German morbidity riders. The £(205) million net of reinsurance decrease in CSM and £59 million net of reinsurance increase in loss component due to changes in expense assumptions primarily reflects an increase in the anticipated costs associated with the implementation of IFRS 17 and the delivery of the Group Target Operating Model for IT and Operations. F11.3 Managing product risk The following sections give an assessment of the risks associated with the Group’s main life assurance products and the ways in which the Group manages those risks. Product With-Profit: Unitised & Traditional – without guarantees Unitised & Traditional – with guarantees Annuities Non-profit: Deferred annuities – with guarantees Deferred annuities – without guarantees Immediate annuities Protection Unit-linked – with guarantees Unit-linked – without guarantees Primary segment Main insurance risks With-Profits With-Profits With-Profits Longevity & Lapse Lapse Longevity Retirement Solutions Retirement Solutions Retirement Solutions Europe & Other Pensions & Savings Pensions & Savings Longevity Longevity Longevity Mortality, Morbidity & Lapse Longevity & Lapse Mortality, Morbidity & Lapse The above products will also be exposed to market risk and further details are included in note E6.2. £12,966 million (2022: £11,753 million) of liabilities are subject to longevity swap arrangements. With-profit fund (unitised and traditional) The Group operates a number of with-profit funds in which the with-profit policyholders benefit from a discretionary annual bonus (guaranteed once added in most cases) and a discretionary final bonus. Non-participating business is also written in some of the with-profit funds and some of the funds may include immediate annuities and deferred annuities with Guaranteed Annuity Rates (‘GAR’). The investment strategy of each fund differs, but is broadly to invest in a mixture of fixed interest investments and equities and/or property and other asset classes in such proportions as is appropriate to the investment risk exposure of the fund and its capital resources. The Group has significant discretion regarding investment policy, bonus policy and early termination values. The process for exercising discretion in the management of the with-profit funds is set out in the PPFM for each with-profit fund and is overseen by with-profit committees. Advice is also taken from the with-profit actuary of each with-profit fund. Compliance with the PPFM is reviewed annually and reported to the PRA, Financial Conduct Authority (‘FCA’) and policyholders. The bonuses are designed to distribute to policyholders a fair share of the return on the assets in the with-profit funds together with other elements of the experience of the fund. The shareholders of the Group are entitled to receive one-ninth of the cost of bonuses declared for some funds and £nil for others. For the Heritage With Profits Fund (‘HWPF’), under the Scheme of Demutualisation, shareholders are entitled to receive certain defined cash flows arising on specified blocks of UK and Irish business. Deferred annuities Deferred annuity policies are written to provide either a cash benefit at retirement, which the policyholder can use to buy an annuity on the terms then applicable, or an annuity payable from retirement. The policies contain an element of guarantee expressed in the form that the contract is written in, i.e. to provide cash or an annuity. Deferred annuity policies written to provide a cash benefit may also contain an option to convert the cash benefit to an annuity benefit on guaranteed terms; these are known as GAR policies. Deferred annuity policies written to provide an annuity benefit may also contain an option to convert the annuity benefit into cash benefits on guaranteed terms; these are known as Guaranteed Cash Option (‘GCO’) policies. In addition, certain unit prices in the HWPF are guaranteed not to decrease. Long-term interest rates remain relatively low compared to historical levels and life expectancy has increased more rapidly than originally anticipated. The guaranteed terms on GAR policies are more favourable than the annuity rates currently available in the market available for cash benefits. The guaranteed terms on GCO policies are currently not valuable. Deferred annuity policies which are written to provide annuity benefits are managed in a similar manner to immediate annuities and are exposed to the same risks. The option provisions on GAR policies are particularly sensitive to downward movements in interest rates, increasing life expectancy and the proportion of customers exercising their option. Adverse movements in these factors could lead to a requirement to increase reserves which could adversely impact profit and potentially require additional capital. In order to address the interest rate risk (but not the risk of increasing life expectancy or changing customer behaviour with regard to exercise of the option), insurance subsidiaries within the Group have purchased derivatives that provide protection against an increase in liabilities and have thus reduced the sensitivity of profit to movements in interest rates (see note E6.2.2). The Group seeks to manage this risk in accordance with both the terms of the issued policies and the interests of customers, and has obtained external advice supporting the manner in which it operates the long-term funds in this respect. Immediate annuities This type of annuity is purchased with a single premium at the outset, and is paid to the policyholder for the remainder of their lifetime. Payments may also continue for the benefit of a surviving spouse or partner after the annuitant’s death. Annuities may be level, or escalate at a fixed rate, or may escalate in line with a price index and may be payable for a minimum period irrespective of whether the policyholder remains alive. The main risks associated with this product are longevity and investment risks. Longevity risk arises where the annuities are paid for the lifetime of the policyholder, and is managed through the initial pricing of the annuity and through reinsurance (appropriately collateralised) or transfer of existing liabilities. Annuities may also be a partial ‘natural hedge’ against losses incurred in protection business in the event of increased mortality (and vice versa) although the extent to which this occurs will depend on the similarity of the demographic profile of each book of business. In addition, the Group has in place longevity swaps that provide downside protection over longevity risk. The pricing assumption for mortality risk is based on both historic internal information and externally-generated information on mortality experience, including allowances for future mortality improvements. Pricing will also include a contingency margin for adverse deviations in assumptions. Market and credit risk is influenced by the extent to which the cash flows under the contracts have been matched by suitable assets which is managed under the ALM framework. Asset/liability modelling is used to monitor this position on a regular basis. Protection These contracts are typically secured by the payment of a regular premium payable for a period of years providing benefits payable on certain events occurring within the period. The benefits may be a single lump sum or a series of payments and may be payable on death, serious illness or sickness. The main risk associated with this product is the claims experience and this risk is managed through the initial pricing of the policy (based on actuarial principles), the use of reinsurance and a clear process for administering claims. Market and credit risk is influenced by the extent to which the cash flows under the contracts have been matched by suitable assets which is managed under the ALM framework. Asset/liability modelling is used to monitor this position on a regular basis. G. Other statement of consolidated financial position notes G1. Pension schemes Defined contribution pension schemes Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension schemes are recognised as an expense in the consolidated income statement as incurred. Defined benefit pension schemes The net surplus or deficit (the economic surplus or deficit) in respect of the defined benefit pension schemes is calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior years; that benefit is discounted to determine its present value and the fair value of any scheme assets is deducted. The economic surplus or deficit is subsequently adjusted to eliminate on consolidation the carrying value of insurance policies issued by Group entities to the defined benefit pension schemes (the reported surplus or deficit). A corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying values of insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities. As required by IFRIC 14, IAS 19 –‘The limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum Funding Requirements and their Interaction’, to the extent that the economic surplus (prior to the elimination of the insurance policies issued by Group entities) will be available as a refund, the economic surplus is stated after a provision for tax that would be borne by the scheme administrators when the refund is made. The Group recognises a pension surplus on the basis that it is entitled to the surplus of each scheme in the event of a gradual settlement of the liabilities, due to its ability to order a winding up of the Trust. Unitised and traditional with-profit policies are exposed to equivalent risks, the main difference being that unitised with-profit policies purchase notional units in a with-profit fund whereas traditional with-profit policies do not. Benefit payments for unitised policies are then dependent on unit prices at the time of a claim, although charges may be applied. A unitised with-profit fund price is typically guaranteed not to fall and increases in line with any discretionary bonus payments over the course of one year. 246 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 247 Financials Financials Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued G. Other statement of consolidated financial position notes continued G1. Pension schemes continued Risks The Group’s defined benefit schemes typically expose the Group to a number of risks, the most significant of which are: Additionally under IFRIC 14 pension funding contributions are considered to be a minimum funding requirement and, to the extent that the contributions payable will not be available to the Group after they are paid into the Scheme, a liability is recognised when the obligation arises. The net pension scheme asset/liability represents the economic surplus net of all adjustments noted above. Asset volatility – the value of the schemes’ assets will vary as market conditions change and as such is subject to considerable volatility. The liabilities are calculated using a discount rate set with reference to corporate bond yields; if assets underperform this yield, this will create a deficit. The majority of the assets are held within a liability driven investment strategy which is linked to the funding basis of the schemes (set with reference to government bond yields). As such, to the extent that movements in corporate bond yields are out of line with movements in government bond yields, volatility will arise. The Group determines the net interest expense or income on the net pension scheme asset/liability for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the opening net pension scheme asset/liability. The discount rate is the yield at the period end on AA credit rated bonds that have maturity dates approximating to the terms of the Group’s obligations. The calculation is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. Inflation risk – a significant proportion of the schemes’ benefit obligations are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities (although in most cases, caps on the level of inflationary increases are in place to protect against extreme inflation). The majority of the assets are held within a liability driven investment strategy which allows for movements in inflation, meaning that changes in inflation should not materially affect the surplus. The movement in the net pension scheme asset/liability is analysed between the service cost, past service cost, curtailments and settlements (all recognised within administrative expenses in the consolidated income statement), the net interest cost on the net pension scheme asset/ liability, including any reimbursement assets (recognised within net investment income in the consolidated income statement), remeasurements of the net pension scheme asset/liability (recognised in other comprehensive income) and employer contributions. This note describes the Group’s five main defined benefit pension schemes for its employees, the Pearl Group Staff Pension Scheme (‘Pearl Scheme’), the PGL Pension Scheme, the Abbey Life Staff Pension Scheme (‘Abbey Life Scheme’) the ReAssure Staff Pension Scheme (‘ReAssure Scheme’) and from 3 April 2023, the Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada 1988 UK and Irish Employee Benefits Scheme (‘Sun Life of Canada Scheme’), and explains how the pension scheme asset/liability is calculated. An analysis of the pension scheme (liability)/asset for each pension scheme is set out in the table below: 2023 £m 2022 £m Pearl Group Staff Pension Scheme Economic surplus Adjustment for insurance policies eliminated on consolidation Net pension scheme liability, as reported Reimbursement right in respect of reinsurance, as reported Add: value attributed to assets held by PLL within financial assets1 Adjusted net pension scheme liabilities 50 (1,507) (1,457) 202 1,506 251 46 (1,501) (1,455) 205 1,576 326 PGL Pension Scheme Economic surplus Adjustment for insurance policies eliminated on consolidation Amounts due from subsidiary eliminated on consolidation Net pension scheme liability, as reported Add: assets held by PLL within financial assets1 Adjusted net pension scheme asset 20 (1,093) (18) (1,091) 1,206 115 23 (1,079) – (1,056) 1,246 190 Abbey Life Staff Pension Scheme Economic deficit Minimum funding requirement obligation Net pension scheme liability (7) (2) (9) (5) (3) (8) ReAssure Staff Pension Scheme Economic surplus Provision for tax on that part of the economic surplus available as a refund on a winding-up of the Scheme Net pension scheme asset 14 (5) 9 22 (8) 14 Sun Life of Canada Scheme Net pension scheme asset Reimbursement right 17 2 – – Life expectancy – the majority of the schemes’ obligations are to provide benefits for the life of the member therefore increases in life expectancy will result in an increase in the liabilities. For the Pearl and PGL schemes, this is largely offset by the buy-in policies that move in line with the liabilities. These buy-in policies are eliminated on consolidation (see notes G1.1 and G1.2 for further details). A High Court legal ruling in June 2023 (Virgin Media Limited v NTL Pension Trustees II Limited) decided that certain rule amendments were invalid if they were not accompanied by the correct actuarial confirmation. While the ruling only applied to the specific pension scheme in question, if it stands it will form part of case law and can therefore be expected to apply across other pension schemes. The ruling is subject to appeal and it may take some time for the outcome of the appeal to be known. The Group has not assessed the extent of any likely impacts from this ruling and considers that there is sufficient uncertainty not to warrant recognition of any potential obligation in respect of this in the consolidated statement of financial position at 31 December 2023. Any subsequent developments following this ruling will be monitored by the Group. Information on each of the Group’s pension schemes is set out below. G1.1 Pearl Group Staff Pension Scheme Scheme details The Pearl Scheme comprises a final salary section, a money purchase section and a hybrid section (a mix of final salary and money purchase). The Pearl Scheme is closed to new members and has no active members. Defined benefit scheme The Pearl Scheme is established under, and governed by, the trust deeds and rules and has been funded by payment of contributions to a separately administered trust fund. A Group company, Pearl Life Holdings Limited (‘PeLHL’), is from 1 October 2023 the principal employer of the Pearl Scheme (previously Pearl Group Holdings No.2 Limited (‘PGH2’)). PeLHL assumed the Scheme covenant together with all obligations of the Scheme following the transfer. The principal employer meets the administration expenses of the Pearl Scheme. The Pearl Scheme is administered by a separate trustee company, P.A.T. (Pensions) Limited, which is separate from PeLHL. The trustee company is comprised of three representatives from the Group, three member nominated representatives and one independent trustee in accordance with the trustee company’s articles of association. The trustee is required by law to act in the interest of all relevant beneficiaries and is responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets. The valuation has been based on an assessment of the liabilities of the Pearl Scheme as at 31 December 2023, undertaken by independent qualified actuaries. The present values of the defined benefit obligation and the related interest costs have been measured using the projected unit credit method. A triennial funding valuation of the Pearl Scheme as at 30 June 2021 was completed in 2022 by a qualified actuary. This showed a surplus as at 30 June 2021 of £67 million, on the agreed technical provisions basis. The funding and IFRS accounting bases of valuation can give rise to different results for a number of reasons. The funding basis of valuation is based on general principles of prudence whereas the accounting valuation is based on best estimates. Discount rates are gilt-based for the funding valuation whereas the rate used for IFRS valuation purposes is based on a yield curve for high quality AA-rated corporate bonds. In addition the values are prepared at different dates which will result in differences arising from changes in market conditions and employer contributions made in the subsequent period. Pension Scheme Commitment Agreement and buy-in transactions On 17 November 2020, the Pearl Scheme entered into a Commitment Agreement with PGH2 to complete a series of buy-ins. At the same time, the Pearl Scheme completed the first buy-in with Phoenix Life Limited (‘PLL’) covering 25% of the Scheme’s pensioner and deferred member liabilities, transferring the associated risks, including longevity improvement risk, to PLL effective from 30 September 2020. Two further buy-in transactions were completed in July 2021 and October 2021 covering 35% and 15% respectively of the Scheme’s pensioner and deferred member liabilities and the final buy-in transaction was completed in November 2022. Risks, including longevity improvement risk, were transferred to PLL effective from 28 May 2021 and 31 August 2021 and 30 September 2022 respectively. 1 The Pearl Scheme and the PGL Pension Scheme have both executed buy-in transactions with a Group life company and subsequently assets supporting the Group’s actuarial liabilities are recognised on a line-by-line basis within financial assets in the statement of consolidated financial position. Further details are included in notes G1.1 and G1.2 below. In the current and prior periods an adjusted net pension scheme asset has been presented in relation to both these pension schemes. The value of the assets held by PLL within financial assets in respect of the PGL Pension Scheme buy-ins is equal to the assets posted to a ring-fenced collateral account. For the Pearl Scheme the assets held by PLL supporting the buy-ins are not ring-fenced and the value has been determined as the value of the insurance contract liability within the PLL financial statements less the value of the associated reinsurance asset. Movements in these financial assets are reflected in the consolidated income statement within net investment income, however as noted in the accounting policy, the movement in the net pension scheme liability (as shown in notes G1.1 and G1.2) is primarily reflected in other comprehensive income. 248 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 249 Financials Financials Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued G. Other statement of consolidated financial position notes continued G1.1 Pearl Group Staff Pension Scheme continued Pension Scheme Commitment Agreement and buy-in transactions continued Upon completion of each buy-in transaction the Scheme transferred the following plan assets to PLL: 2022 • In November 2020, £731 million of plan assets were transferred to PLL in satisfaction of the premium of £735 million and was net of a £4 million payment by PLL to the Scheme in respect of members’ benefits for October and November 2020. • In July 2021, £1,049 million of plan assets were transferred to PLL in satisfaction of the premium and a further £12 million cash payment was paid by the Scheme in August 2021. PLL paid £5 million to the Scheme in respect of members’ benefits for June and July 2021; and • In October 2021, £433 million of plan assets were transferred to PLL in satisfaction of the premium of £435 million and was net of a £2 million payment by PLL to the Scheme in respect of members’ benefits for September and October 2021. A further £1 million cash payment in respect of the premium was paid by the Scheme in December 2021. • In November 2022, £556 million of plan assets were transferred to PLL in satisfaction of the premium of £560 million and was net of a £4 million payment by PLL to the Scheme in respect of members’ benefits for October and November 2022. The assets transferred to PLL are recognised in the relevant line within financial assets in the consolidated statement of financial position. The economic effect of the buy-in transactions in the Scheme is to replace the plan assets transferred with a single line insurance policy reimbursement right asset which is subsequently eliminated on consolidation. The value of this insurance policy at 31 December 2023 was £1,507 million (2022: £1,501 million) which includes an amount owed by PLL of £nil million (2022: £2 million). The Commitment agreement contained provisions under which payments by PGH2 to the Scheme were required in the event that the Group did not meet the minimum buy-in completion schedule. Following completion of the last buy-in transaction in 2022 the Group no longer has an obligation to pay gilts deficit recovery contributions. The new agreement also introduced a new form of security provided by PGH2 to the trustee. The share charges over certain Group entities were replaced by a new surety bond arrangement, whereby two external third-party insurers, each provided £100 million of cover payable to the Scheme following certain trigger events. This cover provided by the surety bond guarantee was fully released upon completion of the final buy-in transaction in November 2022. No contributions were paid to the Pearl Scheme in either the current or prior period. PeLHL meets the administrative and non-investment running expenses of the Scheme as set out in the schedule of contributions (PGH2 prior to 1 October 2023). During 2022, the Company reached an agreement for the removal of a trustee discretion to pay some pension increases in excess of the 5% cap. The trustee agreed to give up this discretion in exchange for a single 1.6% uplift for current pensions in payment effective from 1 April 2022 and a 1.3% increase to eligible benefits of both pension and deferred members effective from 1 April 2023. In the current period, the financial impact of the 1.3% uplift has been to recognise an increase in the defined benefit obligation of £12 million and a past service cost in the consolidated income statement (at 31 December 2022, the financial impact of the 1.6% uplift was £15 million). Reimbursement right asset in respect of Reinsurance arrangement In March 2022, PLL entered into a quota share reinsurance arrangement with an external insurer to reinsure a further 27% of the risks transferred to PLL as part of the third buy-in transaction with the Pearl Scheme. A total of approximately 91% of these liabilities have now been reinsured. A premium of £104 million was paid by PLL to the reinsurer. As PLL expects to use the claims received to pay for its obligations under the insurance contract between it and the Pearl Scheme (i.e. to settle the defined benefit obligation) the reinsurance arrangement is considered to be a non-qualifying insurance policy and is classified as a reimbursement right. The reinsurance arrangement is expected to match a proportion of the defined benefit obligation of the Pearl Scheme therefore the valuation of the reimbursement right is consistent with the valuation of the associated defined benefit obligation. The value of the reimbursement right asset amounted to £202 million (31 December 2022: £205 million). Summary of amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements The amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements are as follows: Fair value of scheme assets £m Defined benefit obligation £m Pension Scheme Liability £m Reimburse-ment right £m At 1 January 46 (1,501) (1,455) 205 Interest income/(expense) Past service cost Included in profit or loss 2 – 2 (72) (12) (84) (70) (12) (82) 10 – 10 2023 Remeasurements: Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income Gain from changes in demographic assumptions Loss from changes in financial assumptions Experience gain Included in other comprehensive income Income received from insurance policies Benefit payments At 31 December 250 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 Fair value of scheme assets £m Provision for tax on the economic Defined benefit surplus available as a obligation refund £m £m Pension Scheme Liability £m Reimbursement right asset £m At 1 January 807 (2,224) (92) (1,509) 212 Interest income/(expense) Past service cost Included in profit or loss 16 – 16 (52) (15) (67) (2) – (2) (38) (15) (53) 4 – 4 Remeasurements: Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income Gain from changes in demographic assumptions Gain from changes in financial assumptions Experience loss Change in provision for tax on economic surplus available as a refund Included in other comprehensive income (208) – – – – 3 805 (116) – – – – (208) 3 805 (116) (101) – – – – (208) – 692 94 94 94 578 – (101) Income received from insurance policies Benefit payments Assets transferred as premium for Scheme buy-in Assets transferred as premium for reinsurance arrangement 89 (98) (560) – – 98 – – – – – – 89 – (560) – – (14) – 104 46 (1,501) – (1,455) 205 At 31 December Scheme assets The distribution of the scheme assets at the end of the year was as follows: 2023 Properties Private equities Hedge funds Cash and other Obligations for repayment of stock lending collateral received Reported scheme assets Add back: Insurance policies eliminated on consolidation Economic value of assets 2022 Total £m Of which not quoted in an active market £m Total £m Of which not quoted in an active market £m – 5 3 42 – 50 – 5 3 – – 8 5 4 3 34 – 46 5 4 3 – – 12 1,507 1,557 1,507 1,515 1,501 1,547 1,501 1,513 2023 % 2022 % 2.90 2.60 4.60 3.10 2.60 3.05 2.70 4.95 3.30 2.70 Defined benefit obligation The calculation of the defined benefit obligation can be allocated to the scheme’s members as follows: • Deferred scheme members: 33% (2022: 40%); and • Pensioners: 67% (2022: 60%) The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2023 is 13.5 years (2022: 13.5 years). Principal assumptions The principal financial assumptions of the Pearl Scheme are set out in the table below: 2 – – – 2 – 12 (51) 15 (24) 2 12 (51) 15 (22) – – – – – 102 (102) 50 – 102 (1,507) 102 – (1,457) – (13) 202 Rate of increase for pensions in payment (5% per annum or RPI if lower) Rate of increase for deferred pensions ('CPI') Discount rate Inflation – RPI Inflation – CPI The discount rate and inflation rate assumptions have been determined by considering the shape of the appropriate yield curves and the duration of the Pearl Scheme’s liabilities. This method determines an equivalent single rate for each of the discount and inflation rates, which is derived from the profile of projected benefit payments. Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 251 Financials Financials Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued G. Other statement of consolidated financial position notes continued G1.1 Pearl Group Staff Pension Scheme continued Principal assumptions continued The post-retirement mortality assumptions are in line with a scheme-specific table which was derived from the actual mortality experience in recent years based on the SAPS standard tables for males and for females based on year of use. Future longevity improvements from 1 January 2021 are based on amended CMI 2022 Core Projections (2022: From 1 January 2021 based on amended CMI 2021 Core Projections) and a long-term rate of improvement of 1.5% (2022: 1.5%) per annum for males and 1.2% (2022: 1.2%) per annum for females. Under these assumptions, the average life expectancy from retirement for a member currently aged 40 retiring at age 60 is 29.0 years and 30.3 years for male and female members respectively (2022: 29.2 years and 30.5 years respectively). A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant actuarial assumptions is shown below: 2023 Assumptions Sensitivity level Impact on the defined benefit obligation (£m) 2022 Assumptions Sensitivity level Impact on the defined benefit obligation (£m) Base 1,507 Base 1,501 Discount rate RPI Life expectancy 25bps increase 25bps decrease 25bps increase 25bps decrease 1 year increase 1 year decrease (41) 43 23 (22) 37 (37) 25bps increase 25bps decrease 25bps increase 25bps decrease 1 year increase 1 year decrease (40) 42 26 (25) 37 (37) Discount rate RPI Life expectancy The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same method has been applied as when calculating the pension asset recognised within the statement of consolidated financial position. G1.2 PGL Pension Scheme The PGL Pension Scheme comprises a final salary section and a defined contribution section. Scheme details Defined contribution scheme On 1 July 2020 the Group closed the defined contribution section of the PGL Scheme and ceased making contributions from this date. Defined benefit scheme The defined benefit section of the PGL Pension Scheme is a final salary arrangement which is closed to new entrants and has no active members. The PGL Scheme is administered by a separate trustee company, PGL Pension Trustee Ltd. The trustee company is comprised of two representatives from the Group, three member nominated representatives and one independent trustee in accordance with the trustee company’s articles of association. The trustee is required by law to act in the interest of all relevant beneficiaries and is responsible for the day to day administration of the benefits. The valuation has been based on an assessment of the liabilities of the PGL Pension Scheme as at 31 December 2023, undertaken by independent qualified actuaries. To the extent that an economic surplus will be available as a refund, the economic surplus is stated after a provision for tax that would be borne by the scheme administrators when the refund is made. A triennial funding valuation of the PGL Pension Scheme as at 30 June 2021 was completed in 2022 by a qualified actuary. This showed a surplus as at 30 June 2021 of £2 million. The IFRS valuation cash flows reflect the latest available data and are not limited to being updated following the completion of each funding valuation. There are no further committed contributions to pay in respect of the defined benefit section of the Scheme. Insurance policies with Group entities In March 2019, the PGL Pension Scheme entered into a buy-in agreement with PLL which covered the remaining pensioner and deferred members of the Scheme not covered by the first such agreement concluded in December 2016. The plan assets transferred to PLL as premium are held in a collateral account and are recognised in the relevant line within financial assets in the statement of consolidated financial position. The economic effect of these transactions in the Scheme is to replace the plan assets transferred with a single line insurance policy reimbursement asset which is eliminated on consolidation along with the relevant insurance contract liabilities in PLL. The value of the insurance policies with Group entities at 31 December 2023 is £1,093 million (2022: £1,079 million). During the year, £18 million of scheme assets were transferred to PLL as premium for the buy-out transaction which completed in January 2024. A debtor of £18 million, to reflect the prepayment of this premium at 31 December 2023 (2022: £nil), has been eliminated on consolidation. Further details of this transaction are included in note I7. Summary of amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements The amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements are as follows: Fair value of scheme assets £m Defined benefit obligation £m Total £m At 1 January 27 (1,083) (1,056) Interest income/(expense) Administrative expenses Included in profit or loss 1 (3) (2) (52) – (52) (51) (3) (54) Remeasurements: Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income Gain from changes in demographic assumptions Loss from changes in financial assumptions Experience loss Included in other comprehensive income (1) – – – (1) – 13 (27) (17) (31) (1) 13 (27) (17) (32) Income received from insurance policies Benefit payments Assets transferred as premium for scheme buy-out At 31 December 69 (69) (18) 6 – 69 – (1,097) 69 – (18) (1,091) Fair value of scheme assets £m Defined benefit obligation £m Total £m At 1 January 31 (1,623) (1,592) Interest income/(expense) Administrative expenses Included in profit or loss 1 (4) (3) (32) – (32) (31) (4) (35) Remeasurements: Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income Gain from changes in demographic assumptions Gain from changes in financial assumptions Experience loss Included in other comprehensive income (1) – – – (1) – 5 531 (36) 500 (1) 5 531 (36) 499 Income received from insurance policies Benefit payments At 31 December 72 (72) 27 – 72 (1,083) 72 – (1,056) 2023 2022 Total £m Of which not quoted in an active market £m Total £m Of which not quoted in an active market £m 6 6 – – 27 27 – – 1,093 18 1,117 1,093 18 1,111 1,079 – 1,106 1,079 – 1,079 2023 2022 Scheme assets The distribution of the scheme assets at the end of the year was as follows: Cash and other Reported scheme assets Add back: Insurance policies eliminated on consolidation Amounts due from subsidiary eliminated on consolidation Economic value of assets Defined benefit obligation The calculation of the defined benefit obligation can be allocated to the scheme’s members as follows: • Deferred scheme members: 36% (2022: 36%); and • Pensioners: 64% (2022: 64%) The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2023 is 13.5 years (2022: 13.5 years). 252 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 253 Financials Financials Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued Under the terms of the New 2016 Funding Agreement the funding position of the Abbey Life Scheme will be assessed as at 31 March 2027. A payment will be made from the New 2016 Charged Account to the Scheme if the results of the assessment reveal a shortfall calculated in accordance with the terms of the New 2016 Funding Agreement. The amount of the payment will be the lower of the amount of the shortfall and the amount held in the New 2016 Charged Account. G. Other statement of consolidated financial position notes continued G1.2 PGL Pension Scheme continued Principal assumptions The principal financial assumptions of the PGL Pension Scheme are set out in the table below: Rate of increase for pensions in payment (7.5% per annum or RPI if lower) Rate of increase for deferred pensions ('CPI') Discount rate Inflation – RPI Inflation – CPI 2023 % 2022 % 3.10 2.60 4.60 3.10 2.60 3.30 2.70 4.95 3.30 2.70 The discount rate and inflation assumptions have been determined by considering the shape of the appropriate yield curves and the duration of the PGL Pension Scheme liabilities. This method determines an equivalent single rate for each of the discount and inflation rates, which is derived from the profile of projected benefit payments. The post-retirement mortality assumptions are in line with 86%/94% of S1P Light base tables for males and females. Future longevity improvements from 1 January 2021 are based on amended CMI 2022 Core Projections (2022: From 1 January 2021 based on amended CMI 2021 Core Projections) with a long-term rate of improvement of 1.5% (2022: 1.5%) per annum for males and 1.2% (2022: 1.2%) per annum for females. Under these assumptions, the average life expectancy from retirement for a member currently aged 40 retiring at age 62 is 27.4 years (2022: 27.7 years) and 28.8 years (2022: 29.1 years) for male and female members respectively. A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant actuarial assumptions is shown below: 2023 Assumptions Sensitivity level Impact on the defined benefit obligation (£m) 2022 Assumptions Sensitivity level Impact on the defined benefit obligation (£m) Base 1,097 Base 1,083 Discount rate RPI Life expectancy 25bps increase 25bps decrease 25bps increase 25bps decrease 1 year increase 1 year decrease (32) 33 22 (21) 31 (31) 25bps increase 25bps decrease 25bps increase 25bps decrease 1 year increase 1 year decrease (31) 33 23 (22) 30 (30) Discount rate RPI Life expectancy The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same method has been applied as when calculating the pension liability recognised within the statement of consolidated financial position. G1.3 Abbey Life Staff Pension Scheme Scheme details On 30 June 2017, the Abbey Life Scheme was transferred from Abbey Life to PeLHL, a fellow subsidiary. PeLHL assumed the scheme covenant together with all obligations of the scheme following implementation of the transfer. The Abbey Life Scheme is a registered occupational pension scheme, set up under trust, and legally separate from the employer PeLHL. The scheme is administered by Abbey Life Trust Securities Limited (the trustee), a corporate trustee. There are three trustee directors, one of whom is nominated by the Abbey Life Scheme members and two of whom are appointed by PeLHL. The trustee is responsible for administering the scheme in accordance with the trust deed and rules and pensions laws and regulations. The Abbey Life Scheme is closed to new entrants and has no active members. The valuation has been based on an assessment of the liabilities of the Abbey Life Scheme as at 31 December 2023 undertaken by independent qualified actuaries. The present values of the defined benefit obligation and the related interest costs have been measured using the projected unit credit method. Funding The last funding valuation of the Abbey Life Scheme was carried out by a qualified actuary as at 31 March 2021 and showed a deficit of £86 million. Following completion of the funding valuation a recovery plan was agreed between the Group and the trustee of the Abbey Life Scheme for PeLHL to pay monthly contributions of £400,000 into the Scheme until 31 July 2025 to eliminate the funding shortfall. In addition, the entire balance of the 2013 Charged Account of £42 million was paid to the Scheme in December 2021. A new schedule of contributions was agreed effective from November 2021, for PeLHL to pay the following amounts in respect of deficit contributions in addition to the amounts payable under the recovery plan: • fixed monthly contributions of £400,000 payable from 1 August 2025 to 30 June 2026; • monthly contributions in respect of administration expenses of £106,295 payable up to 31 March 2022, then increasing annually in line with the Retail Prices Index assumption to 30 June 2028; and • annual payments of £4 million into the New 2016 Charged Account by 31 July each year, with the next payment being made on 31 July 2022, and the last payment due by 31 July 2025. An additional liability of £2 million (2022: £3 million) has been recognised reflecting a charge on any refund of the resultant IAS 19 surplus that arises after adjustment for discounted future contributions of £11 million (2022: £15 million) in accordance with the minimum funding requirement. A deferred tax asset of £3 million (2022: £3 million) has also been recognised to reflect tax relief at a rate of 25% that is expected to be available on the contributions once paid into the Scheme. Summary of amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements The amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements are as follows: Fair value of scheme assets £m Defined benefit obligation £m Minimum funding requirement obligation £m Total £m At 1 January 206 (211) (3) (8) Interest income/(expense) Administration expenses Included in profit or loss 10 (2) 8 (10) (10) – – – – (2) (2) Remeasurements: Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income Experience loss Gain from changes in demographic assumptions Loss from changes in financial assumptions Change in minimum funding requirement obligation Included in other comprehensive income 2 – – – – 2 – (4) 2 (6) – (8) – – – – 1 1 2 (4) 2 (6) 1 (5) 6 (11) 211 – 11 (218) – – (2) 6 – (9) Provision for tax on the economic Defined benefit surplus available as a obligation refund £m £m Minimum funding requirement obligation £m Total £m 2023 Employer's contributions Benefit payments At 31 December 2022 At 1 January Interest income/(expense) Administrative expenses Included in profit or loss Remeasurements: Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income Experience loss Gain from changes in financial assumptions Change in minimum funding requirement obligation Change in provision for tax on economic surplus available as a refund Included in other comprehensive income Employer's contributions Benefit payments At 31 December Fair value of scheme assets £m – 330 (318) (4) (7) 1 7 (2) 5 (6) – (6) – – – – – – 1 (2) (1) (123) – – – – (9) 110 – – – – – – – – 4 (123) (9) 110 4 – (123) – 101 4 4 – 4 4 (14) 6 (12) 206 – 12 (211) – – – – – (3) 6 – (8) The charged account is an Escrow account which was created to provide the trustees with additional security in light of the funding deficit. The amounts held in the charged account does not form part of Abbey Life Scheme assets. 254 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 255 Financials Financials Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued Funding The last funding valuation of the ReAssure Scheme was carried out by a qualified actuary as at 31 December 2020 and showed a deficit of £77 million. G. Other statement of consolidated financial position notes continued G1.3 Abbey Life Staff Pension Scheme continued Scheme assets The distribution of the scheme assets at the end of the year was as follows: 2023 Diversified income fund Fixed interest government bonds Corporate bonds Derivatives Cash and cash equivalents Pension scheme assets 2022 Total £m Of which not quoted in an active market £m Total £m Of which not quoted in an active market £m 45 148 97 (85) 6 211 – – – (85) – (85) 44 86 87 (15) 4 206 – – – (15) – (15) Following the completion of the 2020 valuation a recovery plan was agreed in September 2021 between the trustee and RML in order to make good the deficit. RML agreed to pay contributions of £17.7 million into the existing Custody Account spread over four annual payments of £4.425 million payable on 1 April 2022, 1 April 2023, 1 April 2024 and 1 April 2025. It is anticipated that these payments will be sufficient to cover the difference between the funding shortfall and the balance of the Custody Account at 31 December 2020 and to remove any remaining deficit at 31 December 2025. The amounts held in this account do not form part of the Scheme’s plan assets and are instead held in the Custody Account and are included within financial assets in the statement of consolidated financial position. The Group agrees to cover those expenses incurred by the ReAssure Scheme and the cost of the death-in-service benefits for those members of the scheme entitled to those benefits. Payments of £2 million (2022:£2 million) have been made during the year to cover these costs. Summary of amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements The amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements are as follows: Defined benefit obligation The calculation of the defined benefit obligation can be allocated to the Abbey Life Scheme’s members as follows: • Deferred scheme members: 44% (2022: 44%); and • Pensioners: 56% (2022: 56%) Fair value of scheme assets £m Defined benefit obligation £m Provision for tax on the economic surplus available as a refund £m At 1 January 288 (266) (8) Interest income/(expense) Administrative expenses Included in profit or loss 14 (1) 13 (13) – (13) – – – 14 – 1 (1) – Remeasurements: Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income Gain from changes in demographic assumptions Loss from changes in financial assumptions Experience loss Change in provision for tax on economic surplus available as a refund Included in other comprehensive income (7) – – – – (7) – 13 (10) (7) – (4) – – – – 3 3 (7) 13 (10) (7) 3 (8) 3 (10) 287 – 10 (273) – – (5) 3 – 9 Provision for tax on the economic Defined benefit surplus available as a obligation refund £m £m Total £m 2023 The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2023 is 13.5 years (2022: 13.5 years). Principal assumptions The principal financial assumptions of the Abbey Life Scheme are set out in the table below: Rate of increase for pensions in payment (5% per annum or RPI if lower) Rate of increase for deferred pensions ('CPI' subject to caps) Discount rate Inflation – RPI Inflation – CPI 2023 % 2022 % 2.90 2.60 4.60 3.10 2.60 3.05 2.70 4.95 3.30 2.70 The discount rate and inflation assumptions have been determined by considering the shape of the appropriate yield curves and the duration of the Abbey Life Scheme liabilities. This method determines an equivalent single rate for each of the discount and inflation rates, which is derived from the profile of projected benefit payments. The post-retirement mortality assumptions are in line with a scheme-specific table which was derived from the actual mortality experience in recent years, performed as part of the actuarial funding valuation as at 31 March 2021, using the SAPS S3 ‘Light’ tables for males and for females based on year of use. Future longevity improvements from 1 January 2021 are based on amended CMI 2022 Core Projections (2022: From 1 January 2021 based on amended CMI 2021 Core Projections) and a long-term rate of improvement of 1.5% (2022: 1.5%) per annum for males and 1.2% (2022: 1.2%) per annum for females. Under these assumptions the average life expectancy from retirement for a member currently aged 45 retiring at age 65 is 24.5 years and 25.6 years for male and female members respectively (2022: 24.8 years and 25.9 years respectively). Employer's contributions Benefit payments At 31 December A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant actuarial assumptions is shown below: 2023 Assumptions Sensitivity level Impact on the defined benefit obligation (£m) 2022 Assumptions Sensitivity level Impact on the defined benefit obligation (£m) Base 218 Base 211 Discount rate RPI 2022 Life expectancy 25bps increase 25bps decrease 25bps increase 25bps decrease 1 year increase 1 year decrease (7) 7 5 (5) 7 (7) 25bps increase 25bps decrease 25bps increase 25bps decrease 1 year increase 1 year decrease (7) 7 4 (4) 7 (7) Discount rate RPI Life expectancy The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same method has been applied as when calculating the pension liability recognised within the statement of consolidated financial position. G1.4 ReAssure Life Staff Pension Scheme Scheme details The ReAssure Scheme is a registered occupational pension scheme, set up under trust, and legally separate from the employer ReAssure Midco Limited (‘RML’). The scheme is administered by ReAssure Pension Trustees Limited, a corporate trustee. There are six trustee directors, two of whom are nominated by the ReAssure Scheme members and four of whom are appointed by RML. The trustee is responsible for administering the scheme in accordance with the trust deed and rules and pensions laws and regulations. The ReAssure Scheme is closed to new entrants and to future accrual for active members. At 1 January Fair value of scheme assets £m Total £m 492 (438) (19) 35 9 (1) 8 (9) – (9) – – – – (1) (1) Remeasurements: Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income Gain from changes in financial assumptions Experience loss Change in provision for tax on economic surplus available as a refund Included in other comprehensive income (203) – – – (203) – 188 (19) – 169 – – – 11 11 (203) 188 (19) 11 (23) Employer's contributions Benefit payments At 31 December 3 (12) 288 – 12 (266) – – (8) 3 – 14 Interest income/(expense) Administrative expenses Included in profit or loss The valuation has been based on an assessment of the liabilities of the ReAssure Scheme as at 31 December 2023 undertaken by independent qualified actuaries. The present values of the defined benefit obligation and the related interest costs have been measured using the projected unit credit method. 256 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 Phoenix Group Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 257 Financials Financials Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued G. Other statement of consolidated financial position notes continued G1.4 ReAssure Life Staff Pension Scheme continued Scheme assets The distribution of the scheme assets at the end of the year was as follows: 2023 Equities Government bonds Corporate bonds Managed funds Other quoted securities Cash and cash equivalents Pension scheme assets 2022 Of which not quoted Total in an active market £m £m Total £m Of which not quoted in an active market £m 32 118 92 – 41 4 287 31 121 83 – 45 8 288 – – – – – – – – – – – – – – G1.5 Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada 1988 UK and Irish Employee Benefits scheme Scheme details The Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada 1988 UK and Irish Employee Benefits scheme (‘Sun Life of Canada Scheme’) was consolidated within the Group financial statements following the acquisition of the Sun Life businesses on 3 April 2023. The Sun Life of Canada Scheme is a registered occupational pension scheme, set up under trust, and legally separate from the principal employer Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.K.) Limited. The Scheme is administered by a specialist third party administrator, Hymans Robertson LLP. A Trustee Board is responsible for ensuring the Scheme is run in accordance with the Trust Deed and Rules and for ensuring compliance with legislation although certain tasks are delegated to third parties. The Trustee Board is made up of three Trustees; an Independent Trustee who is also the Chair, a Principal Employer appointed Trustee and a Member-Nominated Trustee. The Independent Trustee is Capital Cranfield Pension Trustees Limited. The Sun Life of Canada Scheme is closed to new entrants and to future accrual for active members. The valuation has been based on an assessment of the liabilities of the Sun Life of Canada Scheme as at 31 December 2023 undertaken by independent qualified actuaries. The present values of the defined benefit obligation and the related interest costs have been measured using the projected unit credit method. The economic surplus of the Scheme is anticipated to be used to cover future costs of the Scheme and will be fully utilised prior to any windingup of the Scheme. As a result, no provision for tax is deducted from the surplus. Funding The last funding valuation of the Sun Life of Canada Scheme was carried out by a qualified actuary as at 31 December 2022 and showed a surplus of £6 million. No contributions are required to be paid by the employer into the Scheme. Defined benefit obligation The calculation of the defined benefit obligation can be allocated to the ReAssure Scheme’s members as follows: • Deferred scheme members: 66% (2022: 66%); and • Pensioners: 34% (2022: 34%) Summary of amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements The amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements are as follows: The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2023 is 17 years (2022: 17 years). Principal assumptions The principal assumptions of the ReAssure Scheme are set out in the table below: Fair value of scheme assets £m Defined benefit obligation £m Total £m Reimbursement right £m On acquisition of SLF of Canada UK Limited (note H2) 302 (286) 16 2 Interest income/(expense) Included in profit or loss 14 14 (13) (13) 1 1 – – Remeasurements: Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income Gain from changes in demographic assumptions Loss from changes in financial assumptions Experience gain Included in other comprehensive income (5) – – – (5) – 5 (4) 4 5 (5) 5 (4) 4 – – – – – – (14) 297 14 (280) – 17 – 2 2023 Rate of increase for pensions in payment (5% per annum or RPI if lower) Rate of increase for deferred pensions Rate of increase in salaries Discount rate Inflation – RPI Inflation – CPI 2023 % 2022 % 2.90 2.60 3.60 4.60 3.10 2.60 3.05 2.70 3.70 4.95 3.30 2.70 The discount rate and inflation assumptions have been determined by considering the shape of the appropriate yield curves and the duration of the ReAssure Scheme liabilities. This method determines an equivalent single rate for each of the discount and inflation rates, which is derived from the profile of projected benefit payments. The post-retirement mortality assumptions are in line with SAPS Series 3 light base tables with a 102% (2022: 102%) multiplier for males and a 95% (2022: 95%) multiplier for females, with CMI 2019 projections in line with a 1.5% pa long-term trend up to and including 31 December 2020. Future longevity improvements from 1 January 2021 onwards are in line with amended CMI 2022 Core Projections (2022: from 1 January 2021 in line with amended CMI 2021 Core Projections) with a long-term trend of 1.5% pa (2022: 1.5%) for males and 1.2% (2022: 1.2%) for females. Under these assumptions the average life expectancy from retirement for a member currently aged 45 retiring at age 60 is 29.7 years and 31.3 years for male and female members respectively (2022: 30.0 years and 31.6 years for male and female members respectively). Benefit payments At 31 December Scheme assets The distribution of the scheme assets at the end of the year was as follows: 2023 A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant actuarial assumptions is shown below: 2023 Base Assumptions Sensitivity level Impact on the defined benefit obligation (£m) 2022 273 Base Assumptions Sensitivity level Impact on the defined benefit obligation (£m) 266 Discount rate RPI 25bps decrease 25bps increase 25bps decrease 1 year increase 1 year decrease (11) 11 9 (9) 7 (7) 25bps increase 25bps decrease 25bps increase 25bps decrease 1 year increase 1 year decrease (10) 11 8 (8) 7 (7) RPI Life expectancy The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in s
