. RISK FACTORS Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factor Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our Class A common stock. These risks are described more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks relating to the following: we may not be able to sustain our revenue growth; our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable; a limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our revenue; we may not realize the full deal value of our customer contracts; we anticipate our operating expenses will continue to increase and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future; our results of operations and our key business measures are likely to fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis; seasonality may cause fluctuations in our results of operations and financial position; we may not successfully develop and deploy new technologies (such as technologies incorporating AI) to address the needs of our customers; we may not be able to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation; our reputation and business may be harmed by news or social media coverage or other external scrutiny of Palantir or our leadership; we may be unable to hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management and deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand; we may be unable to successfully build, expand, and deploy our marketing and sales organization; our platforms are complex and may have a lengthy implementation process; exclusive arrangements or unique terms with customers or partners may result in significant risks or liabilities to us; we face intense competition in our markets; our platforms must operate with third-party products and services; the market for our platforms and services may develop more slowly than we expect; we may be unable to maintain or properly manage our culture as we grow; we may not enter into relationships with potential customers if we consider their activities to be inconsistent with our organizational mission or values; 12 Table of Contents joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, and strategic alliances may be unsuccessful; we may not be successful in executing our strategy to increase our sales to larger customers; breach of the systems of any third parties upon which we rely, our customers systems, locations, or environments, or our internal systems or unauthorized access to data; we have made and may continue to make strategic investments to support key business initiatives, including in privately-held and publicly-traded companies, as well as alternative investments, and we may not realize a return on these investments; issues raised by the use of AI (including machine learning, large language, and other generative or agentic AI models and applications, and software functionality to operationalize the foregoing) in our platforms and business may result in reputational harm or liability; we depend on computing infrastructure of third parties and they may experience errors, disruption, performance problems, or failure; we may fail to adequately obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights; we may be subject to intellectual property rights claims; there may be real or perceived errors, failures, defects, or bugs in our platforms; we rely on the availability of third-party technology that may be difficult to replace or that may cause errors; our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and security, technology protection, and other matters; our non-U.S. sales and operations subject us to additional risks and regulations; we may encounter unfavorable outcomes in legal, regulatory, and administrative inquiries and proceedings; we may fail to receive and maintain government contracts or there may be changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of the public sector; many of our customer contracts may be terminated by the customer at any time for convenience and may contain other provisions permitting the customer to discontinue contract performance; there may be a decline in the U.S. and other government budgets, changes in spending or budgetary priorities, or delays in contract awards; and the multi-class structure of our common stock, the Founder Voting Trust Agreement, and the Founder Voting Agreement concentrate voting power with certain stockholders, in particular, Stephen Cohen, Alexander Karp, and Peter Thiel (our Founders ) and their affiliates. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth in the future. Although our revenue has increased in recent periods, there can be no assurances that our revenue will continue to grow or do so at current rates, and you should not rely on the revenue of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in the past, and may continue to fluctuate in future periods. In addition, as we continue to expand our platform and product offerings, or experience greater adoption of certain of our platform and product offerings, we have and may continue to experience variability in our revenue growth in certain markets or with certain customer segments relative to other markets or customer segments. Many factors may contribute to declines or variability in our revenue growth, including macroeconomic factors, increased competition, slowing demand for our platforms from existing and new customers, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, terminations of existing contracts or failure to exercise existing options by our customers, and the maturation of our business, among others. If our revenue growth or revenue growth rate declines overall, or with respect to certain areas of our business, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense, and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable. Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle. As part of our standard sales efforts, we invest considerable time and expense evaluating the specific organizational needs of our potential customers and educating these potential customers about the technical capabilities and value of our platforms and services. We often also provide our platforms to potential customers (including individual users 13 Table of Contents at such customers) at no or low cost initially to them for evaluation purposes through short-term pilot deployments of our platforms, including at bootcamps, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to convert customers from these short-term pilot deployments to longer-term revenue-generating contracts. We may continue to modify and update our sales efforts to meet market demand and the organizational needs of our potential customers, including to implement new go-to-market mechanisms or self-service models, or to collaborate with third party service providers, and any of these changes may not be successful and could increase our operating expenses. In addition, we have grown and may continue to grow our direct sales force, and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant involvement of our senior management team. The length of our sales cycle, from initial demonstration of our platforms to sale of our platforms and services, tends to be long and varies substantially from customer to customer. Our sales cycle often lasts six to nine months but can extend to a year or more for some customers. Because decisions to purchase our platforms involve significant financial commitments, potential customers generally evaluate our platforms at multiple levels within their organization, each of which often have specific requirements, and typically involve their senior management. Our results of operations depend on sales to enterprise customers, which make product purchasing decisions based in part or entirely on factors, or perceived factors, not directly related to the features of the platforms, including, among others, that customer s projections of business growth, uncertainty about macroeconomic conditions (including as a result of the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and related economic sanctions, the conflict resulting from Hamas attack on Israel and the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, fluctuating interest rates, monetary policy changes, foreign currency fluctuations, or the potential or actual imposition of tariffs or other impacts on trade relations), capital budgets, anticipated cost savings from the implementation of our platforms, potential preference for such customer s internally-developed software solutions, perceptions about our business and platforms, more favorable terms offered by potential competitors, and previous technology investments. In addition, certain decision makers and other stakeholders within our potential customers tend to have vested interests in the continued use of internally developed or existing software, which may make it more difficult for us to sell our platforms and services. As a result of these and other factors, our sales efforts typically require an extensive effort throughout a customer s organization, a significant investment of human resources, expense and time, including by our senior management, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in making a sale to a potential customer. If our sales efforts to a potential customer do not result in sufficient revenue to justify our investments, including our investments in sales and marketing, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Historically, existing customers have expanded their relationships with us, which has resulted in a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our revenue. If existing customers do not make subsequent purchases from us or renew their contracts with us, or if our relationships with our largest customers are impaired or terminated, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations would be adversely impacted. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from existing customers that expand their relationships with us. Increasing the size and number of the deployments of our existing customers is a major part of our growth strategy. We may not be effective in executing this or any other aspect of our growth strategy. Our top three customers together accounted for 16% and 17% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our top three customers by revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025, have been with us for an average of ten years as of December 31, 2025. Certain of our customers, including customers that represent a significant portion of our business, have in the past reduced, and others may choose in the future to reduce, their spend with us or terminated their agreements with us, which has reduced our anticipated future payments or revenue from these customers, and which has required us to refund some previously paid amounts to these customers. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand from our larger customers for our platforms and applications. While we generally offer contract terms of one to five years in length, our customers sometimes enter into shorter-term contracts which may not provide for automatic renewal and may require the customer to opt-in to extend the term. Our customers have no obligation to renew, upgrade, or expand their agreements with us after the terms of their existing agreements have expired. In addition, many of our customer contracts permit the customer to terminate their contracts with us with notice periods of varying lengths. If one or more of our customers terminate their contracts with us, whether for convenience, for default in the event of a breach by us, or for other reasons specified in our contracts, as applicable; if our customers elect not to renew their contracts with us; if our customers renew their contractual arrangements with us for shorter contract lengths or for a reduced scope; or if our customers otherwise seek to renegotiate terms of their existing agreements on terms less favorable to us, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. This adverse impact would be even more pronounced for customers that represent a material portion of our revenue or business operations. Our ability to renew or expand our customer relationships may decrease or vary as a result of a number of factors, including our customers satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our platforms and services, the frequency and severity of software and implementation errors, our platforms reliability, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions, competitive offerings or alternatives, or reductions in our customers spending levels. If our customers do not renew or expand their agreements with 14 Table of Contents us or if they renew their contracts for shorter lengths or on other terms less favorable to us, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our business could suffer. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations would also be adversely affected if we face difficulty collecting our accounts receivable from our customers or if we are required to refund customer deposits. Achieving renewal or expansion of deployments may require us to increasingly engage in sophisticated and costly sales efforts that may not result in additional sales. In addition, our customers decisions to expand the deployment of our platforms depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the functioning of our platforms, the ability of our employees to assist our customers in identifying new use cases, modernizing their data architectures, and achieving success with data-driven initiatives, and our customers satisfaction with our services. If our efforts to expand within our existing customer base are not successful, our business may suffer. We may not realize the full deal value of our customer contracts, which may result in lower than expected revenue. As of December 31, 2025, the total remaining deal value, as defined in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Total Remaining Deal Value, was $11.2 billion. Of our total remaining deal value, as of December 31, 2025, $6.8 billion was the remaining deal value of our contracts with commercial customers and $4.4 billion was the remaining deal value of our contracts with government customers. Many of these contracts are subject to termination for convenience provisions. Additionally, the U.S. federal government is prohibited from exercising contract options more than one year in advance. As a result, there can be no guarantee that our customer contracts will not be terminated or that contract options will be exercised. We historically have not realized all of the revenue from the full deal value of our customer contracts, and we may not do so in the future. This is because the actual timing and amount of revenue under contracts included are subject to various contingencies, including exercise of contractual options, customers not terminating their contracts, renegotiation of contracts, and other macroeconomic factors that may potentially inhibit a customer s ability to pay. In addition, delays in the completion of the U.S. government s budgeting process, the use of continuing resolutions, and a potential lapse in appropriations, or similar events in other jurisdictions, have and could in the future adversely affect our ability to timely recognize revenue under certain government contracts. If we are unable to realize all of the revenue from the full deal value of our customer contracts, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we fail to manage future growth effectively, our business could be harmed. Since our founding in 2003, we have experienced rapid growth. We operate in a growing market and have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant expansion of our operations. This growth has placed, and may continue to place, a strain on our employees, management systems, operational, financial, and other resources. As we have grown, we have increasingly managed larger and more complex deployments of our platforms and services with a broader base of government and commercial customers. As we continue to grow, we face challenges of integrating, developing, retaining, and motivating our employee base of 4,429 full-time employees as of December 31, 2025 in various countries around the world. In the event of continued growth of our operations, our operational resources, including our information technology systems, our employee base, or our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations and deployments. Managing our growth may require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources, improving our operational, financial, and management processes and systems, and effectively expanding, training, and managing our employee base. As our organization continues to grow and operate as a public company, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our traditional company culture, including our ability to quickly respond to customers, and avoid unnecessary delays that may be associated with a formal corporate structure. In addition, our prior rapid growth may make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. Our ability to forecast our future results of operations is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to effectively plan for and model future growth. We have encountered in the past, and may encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with global operations in rapidly changing industries. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, or if we are not able to accurately forecast future growth, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed. This could negatively affect our business performance or ability to hire or retain personnel in the near- or long-term. We anticipate our operating expenses will continue to increase and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future. While we remain focused on operating efficiently, we anticipate that our operating expenses will continue to increase in the future. As we continue to expand our business, industry verticals, and the breadth of our operations, upgrade our infrastructure, 15 Table of Contents hire additional employees, expand into new markets, invest in research and development, invest in sales and marketing, lease more real estate to accommodate our anticipated future growth, and incur costs associated with general administration, including expenses related to being a public company, we expect that our costs of revenue and operating expenses will continue to increase. To the extent we are successful in increasing our customer base, we may also incur increased expenses or losses because the costs associated with acquiring and growing our customers and with research and development are generally incurred upfront, while our revenue from customer contracts is generally recognized over the contract term. Furthermore, our sales model has historically required us to spend months and invest significant resources working with customers on pilot deployments at no or low cost to them. Though we have integrated shorter, more cost-effective programs such as bootcamps, these initial deployments (including bootcamps) may result in no or minimal future revenue. We may also encounter unforeseen or unpredictable factors, including adverse macroeconomic conditions, unforeseen operating expenses, or other complications or delays, which may result in increased costs, or cause us to generate less revenue from our customers than we anticipated. We may not be able to continue to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset increases in our costs of revenue and operating expenses in the near term or at all, which would prevent us from maintaining profitability in the future. Any failure by us to maintain or increase profitability in the future or achieve our profitability targets could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our results of operations and our key business measures are likely to fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis in future periods and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations. Our quarterly results of operations, including cash flows, have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our quarterly results, financial position, and operations are likely to fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Fluctuation in quarterly results may also negatively impact the value of our Class A common stock. We typically close a large portion of our sales in the last several weeks of a quarter, which impacts our ability to plan and manage margins and cash flows. Our sales cycle is often long, and it is difficult to predict exactly when, or if, we will actually make a sale with a potential customer, particularly large government and commercial customers. As a result, large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or delay of one or more large sales transactions in a quarter would impact our results of operations and cash flow for that quarter and any future quarters in which revenue from that transaction is lost or delayed. In addition, downturns in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our revenue because we generally recognize revenue over the term of our contracts. The timing of customer billing and payment varies from contract to contract. A delay in the timing of receipt of such collections, or a default on a large contract, may negatively impact our liquidity for the period and in the future. Because a substantial portion of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short term and require time to adjust, our results of operations and liquidity would suffer if revenue fell below our expectations in a particular period. Other factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and financial position include, without limitation, those listed below: the success of our sales and marketing efforts, including the success of our pilot deployments (including bootcamps); our ability to increase our contribution margins; the timing of expenses and revenue recognition, including from changes in accounting assumptions or estimates; the timing and amount of payments received from our customers; termination of one or more large contracts by customers, including for convenience; the time and cost-intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and variability of sales cycles; the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the development, maintenance, and expansion of our business and operations; the timing and effectiveness of new sales and marketing initiatives; changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; the timing and success of new platforms, products, features, and functionality introduced by us or our competitors; interruptions or delays in our operations and maintenance ( O&M ) services; cyberattacks and other actual or perceived data, privacy, cyber, or physical security breaches or incidents, and related expenses; 16 Table of Contents our ability to hire and retain employees, in particular, those responsible for operations and maintenance of and the selling or marketing of our platforms, and develop and retain talented sales personnel who are able to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time and provide sales leadership in areas in which we are expanding our sales and marketing efforts; the amount and timing of our stock-based compensation expenses; the amount and timing of employer payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation resulting from increases in our stock price; changes in the way we organize and compensate our employees; changes in the way we operate and maintain our platforms; unforeseen negative results in operations from our partnerships; changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry; the cost of and potential outcomes of existing and future claims or litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business; changes in laws and regulations that impact our business, such as the FASA or the European Union ( EU ) AI Act ( EU AIA ); indemnification payments to our customers or other third parties; ability to scale our business with increasing demands; the timing of expenses related to any future acquisitions; and general economic, regulatory, and market conditions, including the impacts of ongoing conflicts, such as those in Russia-Ukraine, and Israel and the broader Middle East, and any related economic sanctions and regional instability, fluctuating interest rates, monetary policy changes, foreign currency fluctuations, or the potential or actual imposition of tariffs or other impacts on trade relations. In addition, many of our contracts contain termination for convenience provisions, and we may be obligated to repay prepaid amounts or otherwise not realize anticipated future revenue should we fail to provide products or future services as anticipated. These factors make it difficult for us to accurately predict financial metrics for any particular period. The variability and unpredictability of our quarterly results of operations, cash flows, or other operating metrics could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of analysts that cover us or investors with respect to revenue or other key metrics for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall, and we could face costly lawsuits. We and certain of our officers and directors were sued in purported class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. For additional information see Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our results of operations and financial position. Historically, the first quarter of our year generally has relatively lower sales, and sales generally increase in each subsequent quarter with substantial increases during our third and fourth quarters ending September 30 and December 31, respectively. We believe that this seasonality results from a number of factors, including: the fiscal year end procurement cycle of our government customers, and in particular U.S. government customers which have a fiscal year end of September 30; the fiscal year budgeting process for our commercial customers, many of which have a fiscal year end of December 31; seasonal reductions in business activity during the summer months in the United States, Europe, and certain other regions; and timing of projects and our customers evaluation of our work progress. This seasonality has historically impacted and may in the future continue to impact the timing of collections and recognized revenue. Because a significant portion of our customer contracts are typically finalized near the end of the year, and we typically invoice customers shortly after entering into a contract, we may receive a portion of our customer payments near the end of the year and record such payment as an increase in deferred revenue or customer deposits ( contract liabilities ), while the revenue from our customer contracts is generally recognized over the contract term. While we have historically billed and 17 Table of Contents collected payments for multiple contract years from certain customers in advance, we have shifted, and may continue to shift, to collecting payments on an annual or other basis, including in arrears. While this has been the historical seasonal pattern of our quarterly sales, we believe that our customers required timing for certain new government or commercial programs requiring new software may outweigh the nature or magnitude of seasonal factors that might have influenced our business to date. As a result, we may experience future growth from additional government or commercial mandates that do not follow the seasonal purchasing and evaluation decisions by our customers that we have historically observed. For example, increased government spending on technology aimed at national defense, financial or policy regulation, cybersecurity, or healthcare mandates may drive customer demand at different times throughout our year, the timing of which we may not be able to anticipate and may cause fluctuations in our results of operations. The timing of our fiscal quarters and the U.S. federal government s September 30 fiscal year end also may impact sales to governmental agencies in the third quarter of our year, offsetting, at least in part, the otherwise seasonal downturn we have historically observed in later summer months. Our rapid growth in recent years may obscure the extent to which seasonality trends have affected our business and may continue to affect our business. We expect that seasonality will continue to materially impact our business in the future and may become more pronounced over time. The seasonality of our business may cause continued or increased fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows, which may prevent us from achieving our quarterly or annual forecasts or meeting or exceeding the expectations of research analysts or investors, which in turn may cause a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. If we do not successfully develop and deploy new technologies (such as technologies incorporating AI) to address the needs of our customers, our business and results of operations could suffer. Our success has been based on our ability to design software and products that enable the integration of data into a common operating environment to facilitate advanced data analysis, knowledge management, and collaboration. We spend substantial amounts of time and money researching and developing new technologies and enhanced versions of existing features to meet our customers and potential customers rapidly evolving needs. There is no assurance that our enhancements to our platforms or our new product features, capabilities, or offerings, including new platforms or product modules, such as our Artificial Intelligence Platform ( AIP ), will, either individually or in the aggregate, be compelling to our customers, gain market acceptance, or have a positive or material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, in each case in a timely or cost-effective manner. For example, we and our peers and competitors are investing more significantly in AI (including machine learning, large language, and other generative and agentic AI models, and software functionality to operationalize the foregoing). There are significant risks involved in deploying AI and there can be no assurance that using AI in our platforms and products will enhance or be beneficial to our business, including our profitability. Further, other companies may develop products that are similar to ours, or adopt and implement AI more successfully or at a quicker pace than us. If our research and development investments do not accurately anticipate customer demand or if we fail to develop our platforms in a manner that satisfies customer preferences or needs in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may fail to retain our existing customers or increase demand for our platforms. The introduction of new products and services by competitors or the development of entirely new technologies to replace existing offerings could make our platforms obsolete or adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may experience difficulties with software development, design, or marketing that delay or prevent our development, introduction, or implementation of new platforms, features, or capabilities. We have in the past experienced delays in our internally planned release dates of new features and capabilities, and there can be no assurance that new platforms, features, or capabilities will be released according to schedule. Any delays could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenue or market acceptance, or claims by customers brought against us, any of which could harm our business. Moreover, the design and development of new platforms or new features and capabilities to our existing platforms may require substantial investment, and we have no assurance that such investments will be successful. If customers do not widely adopt our new platforms, products, features, and capabilities, we may not be able to realize a return on our investment and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our new and existing platforms and changes to our existing platforms could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: our failure to predict market demand accurately in terms of product functionality and to supply offerings that meet this demand in a timely fashion; product defects, errors, or failures or our inability to satisfy customer service level requirements; 18 Table of Contents negative publicity or negative private statements about the security, performance, or effectiveness of our platforms or product enhancements; delays in releasing to the market our new offerings or enhancements to our existing offerings, including new product modules; introduction or anticipated introduction of competing platforms or functionalities by our competitors; inability of our platforms or product enhancements to scale and perform to meet customer demands or needs; receiving qualified or adverse opinions in connection with security or penetration testing, certifications or audits, such as those related to IT controls and security standards and frameworks or compliance; poor business conditions for our customers, causing them to delay software purchases; reluctance of customers to purchase proprietary software products; reluctance of our customers to purchase products hosted by our vendors and/or service interruption from such providers; reluctance of customers to purchase products incorporating AI; and reluctance of customers to purchase products incorporating open source software. If we are not able to continue to identify challenges faced by our customers and develop, license, or acquire new features and capabilities to our platforms in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if such enhancements do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may suffer and our anticipated revenue growth may not be achieved. Because we derive, and expect to continue to derive, substantially all of our revenue from customers purchasing our platforms and products, market acceptance of these platforms and products, and any enhancements or changes thereto, is critical to our success. If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our relationships with our customers, partners, and employees may be harmed, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand identity and reputation is important to our relationships with, and to our ability to attract and retain customers, partners, investors, and employees. The successful promotion of our brand depends upon our ability to continue to offer high-quality software, maintain strong relationships with our customers, the community, and others, while successfully differentiating our platforms from those of our competitors. Unfavorable media coverage, or media coverage that creates or enhances misconceptions or falsehoods about our business or contracts, regardless of its accuracy or the reputability of its source, may adversely affect our brand and reputation. We anticipate that as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become increasingly difficult and expensive. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand identity and reputation, we may fail to attract and retain employees, customers, investors, or partners, grow our business, or sustain pricing power, all of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Additionally, despite our internal safeguards and efforts to the contrary, and as our platforms and products become more widely accessible, we cannot guarantee that our customers will not ultimately use our platforms for purposes inconsistent with our company values, and such uses may harm our brand and reputation. Our reputation and business may be harmed by news or social media coverage or other external scrutiny of Palantir or our leadership. Publicly available information regarding Palantir has historically been limited, in part due to the sensitivity of our work with customers or contractual requirements limiting or preventing public disclosure of certain aspects of our work or relationships with certain customers. As our business has grown and as interest in Palantir and the technology industry overall has increased and we have engaged more actively with media and marketing efforts, we have attracted, and may continue to attract, significant attention from news and social media outlets, including unfavorable coverage and coverage that is not directly attributable to statements authorized by our leadership, that incorrectly reports on statements made by our leadership or employees and the nature of our work, that perpetuates unfounded speculation about company involvements, or that is otherwise misleading. If such news or social media coverage presents, or relies on, inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or otherwise damaging information regarding Palantir or our leadership, such coverage could damage our reputation in the industry and with current and potential customers, employees, and investors, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be adversely affected. Due to the sensitive nature of our work and our confidentiality obligations and despite our ongoing efforts to provide increased transparency into our business, operations, and product capabilities, we may be unable to or limited in our ability to respond to such harmful coverage, which could have a negative impact on our business. 19 Table of Contents Our relationships with government customers and customers that are engaged in certain sensitive industries, including organizations whose products or activities are or are perceived to be harmful, have resulted in public criticism, including from political and social activists; unfavorable coverage in the media; engagement on these issues from investors and potential customers; and increased security risks. These relationships could also result in exposure to congressional, regulatory, or other government investigations or inquiries, as well as lawsuits from private parties. Activists have also engaged, and may continue to engage, in public protests at our properties and other locations. Actions we may take in response to media coverage, activism, investigations, inquiries, litigation, or to protect from security risks, may divert resources and our management s attention, increase certain operating and other expenses, and further affect our public perception. Activist criticism and government or regulatory inquiries of our relationships with customers could potentially engender dissatisfaction among potential and existing customers, investors, and employees with how we address political and social concerns in our business activities. Conversely, being perceived as yielding to activism targeted at certain customers could damage our relationships with certain customers, including governments and government agencies with which we do business, whose views may or may not be aligned with those of political and social activists. Actions we take in response to the activities of our customers, up to and including terminating our contracts or refusing a particular product use case could harm our brand and reputation. In either case, the resulting harm to our reputation could: cause certain customers to cease doing business with us; impair our ability to attract new customers, or to expand our relationships with existing customers; diminish our ability to recruit, hire, or retain employees; undermine our standing in professional communities to which we contribute and from which we receive expert knowledge; trigger additional external scrutiny or litigation; or prompt us to cease doing business with certain customers. Any of these factors could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management, including Alexander Karp, one of our founders and our Chief Executive Officer, and deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand around the world, our business could suffer. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive technology industry depends upon our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified personnel. We are highly dependent on the continued contributions and customer relationships of our management, and particularly on the services of Alexander Karp, our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Karp was part of our founding team and has been integral to our growth since our founding. We believe that Mr. Karp s management experience would be difficult to replace. All of our executive officers and many key personnel are at-will employees and may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time. The loss of the services of our key personnel and any of our other executive officers, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in a decline in sales, delays in product development, and harm to our business and operations. At times, we have experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining personnel with appropriate qualifications, and we may not be able to fill positions in a timely manner or at all. Our recruiting personnel, methodology, and approach may need to be altered to address a changing candidate pool and profile. We may not be able to identify or implement such changes in a timely manner. In addition, we may incur significant costs to attract and recruit skilled personnel, and we may lose new personnel to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. As we move into new geographies, we will need to attract and recruit skilled personnel in those geographic areas, but it may be challenging for us to compete with traditional local employers in these regions for talent. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational, and managerial requirements on a timely basis or at all, our business may be harmed. In addition, certain personnel may be required to receive various security clearances and substantial training in order to work on certain customer engagements or to perform certain tasks. Necessary security clearances may be delayed or unsuccessful, which may negatively impact our ability to perform on our U.S. and non-U.S. government contracts in a timely manner or at all. Further, potential employees may request to work entirely or partially remotely. For example, though many of our current employees have returned to their offices following the COVID-19 pandemic, some continue to work remotely. There is no guarantee that we will realize any anticipated benefits to our business from this model, including cost savings, operational efficiencies, or productivity. It is also possible that remote work arrangements may have a negative impact on our ability to recruit, train, manage, and retain employees; our operations; our information, data security and cybersecurity; consumer privacy and the risk of fraud; the execution of our business plans; our ability to maintain and strengthen our company culture; the 20 Table of Contents productivity and availability of key personnel and other employees necessary to conduct our business; and on third-party service providers who perform critical services for us, or otherwise cause operational failures due to changes in our normal business practices. Our success depends on our ability to effectively source and staff people with the right mix of skills and experience to perform services for our customers, including our ability to transition personnel to new assignments on a timely basis. If we are unable to effectively utilize our personnel on a timely basis to fulfill the needs of our customers, our business could suffer. Further, if we are not able to recruit, hire, or retain the talent we need because of increased regulation of immigration or work visas, including limitations placed on the number of visas granted, changes to application processes or fees, limitations on the type of work performed or location in which the work can be performed, and new or higher minimum salary requirements, it could be more difficult to staff our personnel on customer engagements and could increase our costs. We face intense competition for qualified personnel, especially engineering personnel, in major U.S. markets, where a large portion of our personnel are based, as well as in other non-U.S. markets where we have expanded or expect to expand our non-U.S. operations. We incur costs related to attracting, relocating, and retaining qualified personnel in these highly competitive markets, including leasing real estate in prime areas in these locations and compensation-related expenses. Further, many of the companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater resources than we have. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, or if the mix of equity and cash compensation or the structure and terms of the compensation that we offer is less attractive than that of our competitors, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled personnel, and we may incur additional compensation-related expenses to successfully recruit and retain such personnel. Additionally, laws and regulations, such as restrictive immigration laws, may limit our ability to recruit outside of the United States. We seek to retain and motivate existing personnel through our compensation practices, company culture, and career development opportunities. If we fail to attract new personnel or to retain our current personnel, our business and operations could be harmed. Volatility or lack of appreciation in the trading price of our Class A common stock may also affect our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Many of our senior personnel and other key personnel hold equity awards that have vested in part or are exercisable, which could adversely affect our ability to retain these personnel. Personnel may be more likely to leave us if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested options, restricted stock units ( RSUs ), or other equity awards have significantly appreciated in value. In addition, many of our personnel may be able to receive significant proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. Any of these factors could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to successfully build, expand, and deploy our marketing and sales organization in a timely manner, or at all, or to successfully hire, retain, train, and motivate our sales personnel, our growth and long-term success could be adversely impacted. We have grown, and may continue to grow, our direct sales force and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant direct involvement of our senior management team, including Mr. Karp. The successful execution of our strategy to increase our sales to existing customers, identify and engage new customers, and enter new U.S. and non-U.S. markets will depend, among other things, on our ability to successfully build and deploy our sales organization and operations. Identifying, recruiting, training, and managing sales personnel requires significant time, expense, and attention, including from our senior management and other key personnel, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations in the short and long term. In order to successfully scale our unique sales model, we may need to increase the size of our direct sales force, both in the United States and outside of the United States, to generate additional revenue from new and existing customers while preserving the cultural and mission-oriented elements of our company. If we do not hire a sufficient number of qualified sales personnel, our future revenue growth and business could be adversely impacted. It may take a significant period of time before our sales personnel are fully trained and productive, particularly in light of our unique sales model, and there is no guarantee we will be successful in adequately training and effectively deploying our sales personnel. In addition, we have invested, and may need to continue investing, significant resources in our sales operations to enable our sales organization to run effectively and efficiently, including supporting sales strategy planning, sales process optimization, data analytics and reporting, and administering incentive compensation arrangements. Furthermore, hiring personnel in new countries requires additional setup and upfront costs that we may not recover if those personnel fail to achieve full productivity in a timely manner. Our business would be adversely affected if our efforts to build, expand, train, and manage our sales organization are not successful. We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels, and other internal and external considerations. Any future sales organization changes may result in a temporary reduction of productivity, which could negatively affect our rate of growth. In addition, any significant change to the way we structure and implement the compensation of our sales organization may be disruptive or may not be effective and may affect 21 Table of Contents our revenue growth. If we are unable to attract, hire, develop, retain, and motivate qualified sales personnel, if our new sales personnel are unable to achieve sufficient sales productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or at all, if our marketing programs are not effective or if we are unable to effectively build, expand, and manage our sales organization and operations, our sales and revenue may grow more slowly than expected or materially decline, and our business may be significantly harmed. Our platforms are complex and may have a lengthy implementation process, and any failure of our platforms to satisfy our customers or perform as desired could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our platforms and services are complex and are deployed in a wide variety of network environments. Implementing our platforms can be a complex and lengthy process since we often configure our existing platforms for a customer s unique environment. The inability to meet the unique needs of our customers may result in customer dissatisfaction and/or damage to our reputation, which could materially harm our business. Further, the proper use of our platforms may require training of the customer and the initial or ongoing services of our technical personnel as well as O&M services over the contract term. If training and/or ongoing services require more of our expenditures than we originally estimated, our margins will be lower than projected. In addition, if our customers do not use our platforms correctly or as intended, inadequate performance or outcomes may result. It is possible that our platforms may also be intentionally misused or abused by customers or their employees or third parties who obtain access and use of our platforms. Similarly, our platforms sometimes are used by customers with smaller or less sophisticated IT departments, potentially resulting in sub-optimal performance at a level lower than anticipated by the customer. Because our customers rely on our platforms and services to address important business goals and challenges, the incorrect or improper use or configuration of our platforms and O&M services, failure to properly train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our platforms, or failure to properly provide implementation or analytical or maintenance services to our customers may result in contract terminations or non-renewals, reduced customer payments, negative publicity, or legal claims against us. For example, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services may result in lost opportunities for follow-on expansion sales of our platforms and services. Furthermore, if customer personnel are not well trained in the use of our platforms, customers may defer the deployment of our platforms and services, may deploy them in a more limited manner than originally anticipated, or may not deploy them at all. If there is substantial turnover of the Company or customer personnel responsible for procurement and use of our platforms, our platforms may go unused or be adopted less broadly, and our ability to make additional sales may be substantially limited, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and growth prospects. Our ability to sell our platforms and satisfy our customers is dependent on the quality of our services, and our failure to offer high quality services could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Once our platforms are deployed and integrated with our customers existing information technology investments and data, our customers depend on our O&M services to resolve any issues relating to our platforms. Increasingly, our platforms have been deployed in large-scale, complex technology environments, and we believe our future success will depend on our ability to increase sales of our platforms for use in such deployments. Further, our ability to provide effective ongoing services, or to provide such services in a timely, efficient, or scalable manner, may depend in part on our customers environments and their upgrading to the latest versions of our platforms and participating in our centralized platform management and services. In addition, our ability to provide effective services is largely dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel with experience in supporting customers on platforms such as ours. The number of our customers has grown significantly, and that growth has and may continue to put additional pressure on our services teams. Our services teams may need additional personnel to respond to customer demand, and we have, and may in the future continue to, partner with third parties in providing O&M services to our customers. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for our O&M services. We also may be unable to modify the future scope and delivery of our O&M services to compete with changes in the services provided by our competitors. Increased customer demand for support, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and negatively affect our business and results of operations. In addition, as we continue to grow our operations and expand outside of the United States, we need to be able to provide efficient services that meet our customers needs globally at scale, and our services teams may face additional challenges, including those associated with operating the platforms and delivering support, training, and documentation in languages other than English and providing services across expanded time-zones. If we are unable to provide efficient O&M services globally at scale, our ability to grow our operations may be harmed, and we may need to hire additional services personnel or partner with third-party organizations, which could increase our expenses, and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 22 Table of Contents Our customers typically need training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from our platforms to maximize the potential of our platforms. If we do not effectively deploy, update, or upgrade our platforms, succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve post-deployment issues, and provide effective ongoing services, our ability to sell additional products and services to existing customers could be adversely affected, we may face negative publicity, and our reputation with potential customers could be damaged. Many enterprise and government customers require higher levels of service than smaller customers. If we fail to meet the requirements of the larger customers, it may be more difficult to execute on our strategy to increase our penetration with larger customers. As a result, our failure to maintain high quality services may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Because we recognize a substantial portion of our revenue from our platforms and O&M services over the contractual term, downturns or upturns in new sales and renewals may not be immediately reflected in our results of operations. We generally recognize revenue from our platforms and O&M services over the contractual term. As a result, a portion of the revenue we recognize in each quarter is derived from customer contracts generally entered into during previous periods. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed contracts in any single quarter may have an immaterial impact on the revenue that we recognize for that quarter. However, such a decline would negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales or renewals, significant customer terminations, and potential changes in our contracting terms and pricing policies would not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. The timing of our revenue recognition model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any given period, as revenue is generally recognized over the applicable contractual term. Our pricing structures for our platforms and services change from time to time, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have in the past changed, and we expect that in the future we may change, our pricing models, including as a result of competition, global economic conditions, general reductions in our customers spending levels, pricing studies, or changes in how our platforms are broadly consumed. Similarly, as we introduce new platforms, products, and services, such as AIP, or as a result of the evolution of our existing platforms, products, and services, we may have difficulty determining the appropriate price structure for our products and services, or customers may request or demand different pricing structures. In addition, as new and existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, or revise their pricing structures, we may be unable to attract new customers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used historically. Moreover, as we continue to target selling our platforms and services to larger organizations, these larger organizations may demand different pricing structures or substantial price concessions. As we expand access to our products to increasingly broad swaths of the market, our pricing model and product and service offerings for such customers have been, and will continue to be, tailored to be attractive for such customers. In addition, we may need to change pricing policies to accommodate government pricing guidelines for our contracts with federal, state, local, and foreign governments and government agencies. If we are unable to modify or develop pricing models and strategies that are attractive to existing and prospective customers, while enabling us to significantly grow our sales and revenue relative to our associated costs and expenses in a reasonable period of time, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If our customers are not able or willing to accept our product-based business model, instead of a labor-based business model, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. Our platforms are generally offered on a productized basis to minimize our customers overall cost of acquisition, maintenance, and deployment time. Many of our customers and potential customers are instead generally familiar with the practice of purchasing or licensing software through labor contracts, where custom software is written for specific applications, the intellectual property in such software is often owned by the customer, and the software typically requires additional labor contracts for modifications, updates, and services during the life of that specific software. Customers may be unable or unwilling to accept our model of commercial software procurement. Should our customers be unable or unwilling to accept this model of commercial software procurement, our growth could be materially diminished, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. We have entered into, and expect in the future to enter into, agreements with our customers that include exclusivity arrangements or unique contractual, pricing, or payment terms, which may result in significant risks or liabilities to us. Our contracts with our customers are typically non-exclusive, but we have historically entered into arrangements with our customers and our partners that include exclusivity provisions, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. These exclusivity provisions limit our ability to license our platforms and provide services to specific customers, or to compete in certain geographic markets or industries, which may limit our growth and negatively impact our results. In addition, we have entered into joint ventures and strategic alliances with our customers, as described below, which also limit our ability to compete in certain geographic markets or industry verticals. 23 Table of Contents We have entered into and may continue to enter into, in limited circumstances, unique contractual, pricing, and payment arrangements with our customers, including some that may be outside of our typical scope of business, including arrangements relating to the receipt of noncash consideration. Our ability to sell or transfer, convert to cash, or realize value from, any noncash consideration we have received, or may receive in the future, in a timely manner or at all, may be limited by, among other things, applicable securities law and regulations, and global market and macroeconomic conditions, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. We face intense competition in our markets, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. The markets for our platforms are very competitive, and we expect such competition to continue or increase in the future. A significant number of companies are developing products that currently, or in the future may, compete with some or all aspects of our proprietary platforms. We may not be successful in convincing the management teams of our potential customers to deploy our platforms in lieu of existing software solutions or in-house software development projects often favored by internal IT departments or other competitive products and services. In addition, our competitors include large enterprise software companies, government contractors, and system integrators, and we may face competition from emerging companies as well as established companies who have not previously entered this market. Additionally, we may be required to make substantial additional investments in our research, development, services, marketing, and sales functions in order to respond to competition, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages such as: greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and larger customer bases; larger sales and marketing budgets and resources and the capacity to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products; broader, deeper, or otherwise more established relationships with technology, channel and distribution partners, and customers; wider geographic presence or greater access to larger potential customer bases; greater focus in specific geographies; lower labor and research and development costs; larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios; and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources to provide services, to make acquisitions, and to develop and introduce new products and capabilities. In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader and more diverse product and service offerings and may be able to leverage their relationships with distribution partners and customers based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages customers from purchasing our platforms, including by selling at zero or negative margins, product bundling, or offering closed technology platforms. Potential customers may also prefer to purchase from their existing provider rather than a new provider regardless of platform performance or features. As a result, even if the features of our platforms offer advantages that others do not, customers may not purchase our platforms. These larger competitors often have broader product lines and market focus or greater resources and may therefore not be as susceptible to economic downturns or other significant reductions in capital spending by customers. If we are unable to sufficiently differentiate our platforms from the integrated or bundled products of our competitors, such as by offering enhanced functionality, performance, or value, we may see a decrease in demand for those platforms, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, new, innovative start-up companies and larger companies that are making significant investments in research and development may introduce products that have greater performance or functionality, are easier to implement or use, incorporate technological advances that we have not yet developed, or implemented or may invent similar or superior platforms and technologies that compete with our platforms, such as platforms, products, or services that incorporate AI. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources. Some of our competitors have made or could make acquisitions of businesses that allow them to offer more competitive and comprehensive solutions. As a result of such acquisitions, our current or potential competitors may be able to accelerate the adoption of new technologies that better address customer needs, devote greater resources to bring these products and services to market, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, or develop and expand their product and service offerings more 24 Table of Contents quickly than we do. These competitive pressures in our market, or our failure to compete effectively, may result in fewer orders, reduced revenue and margins, and loss of market share. In addition, it is possible that industry consolidation may impact customers perceptions of the viability of smaller or even mid-size software firms and consequently customers willingness to purchase from such firms. We may not compete successfully against our current or potential competitors. If we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take costly actions in response to the actions of our competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, companies competing with us may have an entirely different pricing or distribution model. Increased competition could result in fewer customer orders, price reductions, reduced margins, and loss of market share, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. The competitive position of our platforms depends in part on their ability to operate with third-party products and services, and if we are not successful in maintaining and expanding the compatibility of our platforms with such third-party products and services, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. The competitive position of our platforms depends in part on their ability to operate with products and services of third parties, software services, and infrastructure in connection with our work in the public and commercial sectors, including but not limited to, our joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, strategic alliances, and other similar arrangements where applicable. As such, we must continuously modify and enhance our platforms to adapt to changes in, or to be integrated or otherwise compatible with, hardware, software, networking, browser, and database technologies. In the future, one or more companies may choose not to support the operation of their hardware, software, or infrastructure, or our platforms may not support the capabilities needed to operate with such hardware, software, or infrastructure. In addition, to the extent that a third party were to develop software or services that compete with ours, that provider may choose not to support one or more of our platforms. We intend to facilitate the compatibility of our platforms with various third-party hardware, software, and infrastructure by maintaining and expanding our business and technical relationships. For example, in March 2024, we were selected by the U.S. Army to develop and deliver the Tactical Intelligence Targeting Access Node ground station system, the Army s first AI-defined vehicle, which involves coordination with third parties such as hardware manufacturers. If we are not successful in achieving our compatibility goal, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. If the market for our platforms and services develops more slowly than we expect, our growth may slow or stall, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. The market for our platforms is rapidly evolving. Our future success will depend in large part on the growth and expansion of this market, which is difficult to predict and relies on a number of factors, including customer adoption, customer demand, changing customer needs, the entry of competitive products, the success of existing competitive products, potential customers willingness to adopt an alternative approach to data collection, storage, and processing and their willingness to invest in new software after significant prior investments in legacy data collection, storage, and processing software. The estimates and assumptions that are used to calculate our market opportunity are subject to change over time, and there is no guarantee that any particular number or percentage of the organizations covered by our market opportunity estimates will pay for our platforms and services at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth forecasts, our business could fail to grow at the levels we expect or at all for a variety of reasons outside our control, including competition in our industry. Further, if we or other data management and analytics providers experience security breaches or incidents, loss, corruption, or unavailability of or unauthorized access to customer data, disruptions in delivery, or other problems, this market as a whole, including our platforms, may be negatively affected. If software for the challenges that we address does not achieve widespread adoption, or there is a reduction in demand caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic conditions (including due to ongoing global conflicts and related economic sanctions, fluctuating interest rates, monetary policy changes, or the potential or actual imposition of tariffs or other impacts on trade relations), security or privacy concerns, competing technologies and products, decreases in corporate spending, or otherwise, or, alternatively, if the market develops but we are unable to continue to penetrate it due to the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with our platforms, or other factors, it could result in decreased revenue and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our culture emphasizes rapid innovation and advancement of successful hires who may in some cases have limited prior industry expertise and prioritizes customer outcomes over short-term financial results, and if we cannot maintain or properly manage our culture as we grow, our business may be harmed. We have a culture that encourages employees to quickly develop and launch key technologies and platforms intended to solve our customers most important problems and prioritizes the advancement of employees to positions of significant responsibility based on merit despite, in some cases, limited prior work or industry experience. Much of our hiring into technical roles comes through our internship program or from candidates joining us directly from undergraduate or graduate engineering programs rather than industry hires. Successful entry-level hires are often quickly advanced and rewarded with significant responsibilities, 25 Table of Contents including in important customer-facing roles as project managers, development leads, and product managers. Larger competitors, such as defense contractors, system integrators, and large software and service companies that traditionally target large enterprises typically have more sizable direct sales forces staffed by individuals with significantly more industry experience than our customer-facing personnel, which may negatively impact our ability to compete with these larger competitors. We have historically operated with a relatively flat reporting and organization structure and have few formal promotions. As our business grows and becomes more complex, the staffing of customer-facing personnel, some of whom may have limited industry experience, may result in unintended outcomes or in decisions that are poorly received by customers or other stakeholders. For example, in many cases we launch, at our expense, pilot deployments with customers without a long-term contract in place, and some of those deployments have not resulted in the customer s adoption or expansion of its use of our platforms and services, or the generation of significant, or any, revenue or payments. In addition, as we continue to grow, including geographically, we may find it difficult to maintain our culture. Our culture also prioritizes customer outcomes over short-term financial results, and we frequently make service and product decisions that may reduce our short-term revenue or cash flow if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our mission and responsive to our customers goals and thereby have the potential to improve our financial performance over the long term. These decisions may not produce the long-term benefits and results that we expect or may be poorly received in the short term by the public markets, in which case our customer growth and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. We may not enter into relationships with potential customers if we consider their activities to be inconsistent with our organizational mission or values. We generally do not enter into business with customers or governments whose positions or actions we consider inconsistent with our mission to support Western liberal democracy and its strategic allies. Our decisions to not enter into these relationships may not produce the long-term financial benefits and results that we expect, in which case our growth prospects, business, and results of operations could be harmed. Although we endeavor to do business with customers and governments that are aligned with our mission and values, we cannot predict how the activities and values of our government and private sector customers will evolve over time, and they may evolve in a manner inconsistent with our mission. We do not work with the Chinese communist party and have chosen not to host our platforms in China, which may limit our growth prospects. Our leadership believes that workin
