 RISK FACTORS We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a financial services company, certain elements of risk are inherent in what we do and the business decisions we make. Thus, we encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business, and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks. For more information about how we manage risks, see the Risk Management section in Item 7 of this Report. The following are the material RISK FACTORS that affect us of which we are currently aware. Any one or more of these RISK FACTORS could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, these risks present other possible adverse consequences, including those described below. These RISK FACTORS and other risks we face are also discussed further in other sections of this Report. Thus, the RISK FACTORS below should not be considered a complete list of potential risks that we may face. Risks Related to the Economy and Other External Factors, Including Regulation Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions. Our business and overall financial performance are affected to a significant extent by economic conditions, primarily in the U.S. Declining or adverse economic conditions and adverse changes in investor, consumer and business sentiment generally result in reduced business activity, which may decrease the demand for our products and services or reduce the number of creditworthy borrowers. The ability of borrowers to repay loans is often weakened as a result of economic downturns, higher inflation and unemployment. In addition, adverse economic conditions may limit the availability of, or increase the costs of, capital and labor, erode customer purchasing power, confidence and spending and may also reduce our tolerance for extending credit. Increases in costs or expenses impacting our customers operations and financial performance, such as the interest rates payable on their debt obligations, could increase our credit risk or decrease the demand for our products and services. We operate in an uncertain economic environment due to sustained inflationary pressures, including higher prices and lower housing affordability, and fluctuating trade policies (including tariffs), combined with geopolitical tensions. These conditions have led and may continue to lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets, often with at least some financial asset categories losing value. Financial market volatility could also result from uncertainty about the timing and extent of rate cuts by the Federal Reserve. Any of these effects would likely have an adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, with the significance of the impact generally The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2025 Form 10-K 11 depending on the nature and severity of the adverse economic conditions. Even when economic conditions are relatively good or stable, specific economic factors can negatively affect our business and performance. This can be especially true when the factors relate to particular segments of the economy and impact our customers whose operations or financial conditions directly or indirectly depend on good or stable conditions in those segments. For example, underutilization of commercial real estate space, combined with higher interest rates, has harmed some customers creditworthiness and ability to refinance maturing loans, and decreased the demand for financial services in that sector. Our foreign business activities and operations continue to be a relatively small part of our overall business. As a result, the direct impact on our business and financial performance from economic conditions outside the U.S. is not likely to be significant, although the impact would increase if we expanded our foreign business and operations more than nominally. We are, however, susceptible to the risk that foreign economic conditions, trade policies (including tariffs) and geopolitical tensions could negatively affect our business and financial performance. Primarily, this risk results from the possibility that poor economic conditions or financial market disruptions affecting other major economies would also affect the U.S. The impact of government legislation, regulation and policy and other political factors on the economy could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. Changes in law or governmental policy affecting the economy, business activity, or personal spending, investing or saving activities may cause consumers and businesses to alter their behavior in ways that impact demand for our products and services. Such changes may also alter the profitability of the transactions in which we engage or result in increased regulatory burden and associated costs. PNC may alter the types or terms of the products and services we offer to reflect such changes. Uncertainty regarding future law or policy may have similar impacts. Congress and the current presidential administration have introduced and may continue to introduce changes in the laws or policies applicable to us and the agencies that regulate us, including their interpretations of rules and guidelines. These changes may subject financial institutions like us to changes in regulation, supervision and enforcement that are difficult to predict and uncertain for a period of time and may create the possibility of significant impacts on business activity in the U.S. and globally. In addition, the application of some laws may require significant judgment and be subject to differing interpretations. Further, some of the regulations finalized in the prior administration that are applicable to financial institutions were modified, rescinded or withdrawn or are subject to reevaluation, creating further uncertainty. The impact that these changes may have on our operations or financial condition are discussed in more detail in the Risk Factor headed As a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities. These regulations and their implementation can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand. Concern regarding high and rising federal debt levels and federal budgetary matters (including the debt ceiling), or prolonged stalemates leading to total or partial government shutdowns, also can create the risk of economic instability or market volatility, with potential adverse consequences to our business and financial performance. The policies of the Federal Reserve and other governmental agencies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance, which are important to our business and financial performance. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve, including changes in the federal funds rate, open market operations and balance sheet management, have a significant impact on interest rates, the value of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities, and overall financial market performance and volatility. These policies, including any resulting changes in economic conditions or in investor sentiment, can thus affect the activities and results of operations of financial services companies such as PNC. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to monitor the national supply of bank credit and set certain interest rates. The actions of the Federal Reserve influence the rates of interest that we charge on loans and pay on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits. Rates of interest can also affect the value of our on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. We cannot control and may not accurately predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects that they may have on our activities and financial outlook or results. In addition, actions by governmental authorities in other countries, including with respect to monetary policy, could impact financial markets and global interest rates, which could affect rates in the U.S. as well as rates on instruments denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, any of which could have potential effects on us as described above. Some of the potential impacts on our business and results of governmental monetary policy are described in RISK FACTORS under the heading Risks Related to the Business of Banking. As a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities. These regulations and their implementation can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand. The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. is a BHC and an FHC, with the Federal Reserve as its primary regulator. PNC Bank is a federally chartered bank, with the OCC as its primary regulator. In addition, our businesses are subject to regulation by multiple other banking, consumer protection, securities and derivatives regulatory bodies. We are also subject to the jurisdiction of criminal and civil 12 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2025 Form 10-K enforcement authorities. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, the stability of the U.S. banking and financial system (including protection of the DIF)), the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer protection that are not primarily intended to protect PNC security holders. We are also subject to foreign regulation to a limited extent as a result of our business activities outside the U.S. Applicable laws and regulations restrict our permissible activities and require compliance with provisions designed to protect loan, deposit, brokerage, fiduciary, and other customers, and for the protection of customer information, among other things. We also are subject to laws and regulations designed to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, and restrict transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments designated by U.S. authorities. Over time, the scope of the laws and regulations affecting our businesses, as well as the number of requirements or limitations imposed by legislative or regulatory actions, has increased, and we expect to continue to face substantial regulatory oversight and new or revised regulatory requirements or initiatives. As we expand our product and service offerings into additional markets, domestic or foreign, either through organic growth or acquisition, we have faced and will continue to face increases in state or foreign regulation affecting our operations. Different approaches to regulation by different jurisdictions, including potentially conflicting federal and state regulations or state level regulations where we operate, could materially increase our compliance costs or risks of non-compliance. Legislative or regulatory actions can result in increased compliance costs, reduced business opportunities, or requirements and limitations on how we conduct our business. In particular, the financial services industry continues to face heightened scrutiny, including with respect to BSA/AML, know-your-customer and export and sanctions compliance requirements, consumer compliance and protection matters, and capital, liquidity and resolution planning. Although the presidential administration has indicated an intent to pursue the regulation of the financial services industry differently than was the case under the previous administration, there is uncertainty regarding the direction this administration will continue to take and its ability to implement its policies and objectives, as well as the ultimate impact on potential new regulatory initiatives and the enforcement of existing laws and regulations. It is possible the expected changes in regulation do not occur or are reversed by a subsequent administration, or the regulatory measures that are ultimately enacted deliver significant competitive advantages to financial services that are structured differently or serve different markets than PNC. Federal banking regulators possess substantial supervisory and enforcement powers and have assumed an active oversight, examination and enforcement role across the financial services industry. The results of supervisory or examination activities by our regulators, including actual or perceived compliance failures, could result in limitations on our ability to enter into certain transactions, engage in new activities, expand geographically, make acquisitions or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith, or otherwise require us to modify our businesses practices in a manner that materially impacts our financial condition or results of operations. These activities also could result in significant fines, penalties or required corrective actions, some of which could be expensive, difficult to implement or materially impact our business or financial condition. In addition, another financial institution s violation of law or regulation may give rise to an investigation of the same or similar activities of PNC. Further, the Federal Reserve requires a BHC to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. The Federal Reserve could require PNC to commit resources to PNC Bank when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of PNC or its shareholders or creditors. We also rely on third parties who may expose us to compliance risk. A failure to comply with regulatory requirements or deficiencies in risk management practices could be incorporated in our confidential supervisory ratings, which could limit PNC s ability to expand or require additional approvals before engaging in certain business activities. See the immediately following Risk Factor for a discussion of risks associated with capital and liquidity regulation and the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 of this Report and Note 19 Regulatory Matters for more information concerning the regulation of PNC. We are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect our business, operations and ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders. PNC and PNC Bank are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity requirements established by the Federal Reserve and the OCC, respectively. Requirements to maintain specified levels of capital and liquidity, and regulatory expectations as to the quality of our capital and liquidity, impact our business activities and may prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities in the best interest of shareholders or force us to take actions contrary to their interests. For example, PNC s ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders is subject to PNC s compliance with its SCB, which is determined through the Federal Reserve s CCAR process. The Federal Reserve can also impose additional limitations on capital distributions, such as limitations on distributions during times of economic stress. In addition, dividends or other capital distributions from PNC Bank and, to a lesser extent, non-bank subsidiaries are PNC s principal source of funds to, among other things, pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock. Many of our subsidiaries are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to prohibit or limit dividends to PNC. Limitations on PNC s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries, including PNC Bank, could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock, especially to the extent that PNC must first service any outstanding debt obligations. Capital and liquidity requirements may also impact the amount and type of loans we make. We may be constrained in our ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. We may be forced to sell or refrain from acquiring assets where the capital requirements appear inconsistent with the assets underlying risks. In addition, liquidity standards require us to maintain holdings of highly liquid short-term investments, thereby reducing our ability to invest in longer-term or less liquid assets, even if more desirable from an earnings, balance sheet or interest rate risk management perspective. The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2025 Form 10-K 13 Regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are subject to review and revision by the Basel Committee and the U.S. banking agencies. Although the federal banking agencies issued a proposed rule in July 2023 to implement the final components of the Basel III framework, the status of this rule, and potential revisions to the rule, remain uncertain. More information is discussed in the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 of this Report and the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section in Item 7 of this Report. Our ability to operate our business could be impaired if our liquidity is unexpectedly constrained. Our liquidity could be impaired as a result of unanticipated outflows of cash or collateral, unexpected loss of consumer deposits or higher than anticipated draws on lending-related commitments, an inability to sell assets (or to sell assets at favorable times or prices), a default by a counterparty, our inability to access other sources of liquidity, including from sources that have historically been available or through the capital markets due to unforeseen market dislocations or interruptions, or a lack of market or customer confidence in PNC or financial institutions in general. Many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events for which we have little or no control. In addition, if access to stable and lower-cost sources of funding is reduced, alternative sources of funding could be more expensive and limited in availability. The increased speed with which information is disseminated, through traditional or social media, could increase the speed or severity of liquidity pressures caused by, for example, negative news about PNC s or other financial institutions actual or alleged financial prospects or safety and soundness. A negative impact on our liquidity would likely limit our ability to support our operations and fund outstanding liabilities as well as meet regulatory expectations, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For information on our liquidity management, see the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section in Item 7 of this Report. A downgrade in our credit ratings could significantly impact our liquidity, funding costs and access to the capital markets. Our credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including the financial strength of PNC and PNC Bank, and factors outside of our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow funds, increase our cost of capital and limit the number of investors or counterparties willing to do business with us. For example, downgrades could negatively impact our right to continue to service mortgages and hold related escrows and reserves. Downgrades could also adversely affect our ability to attract or retain customers, including deposits. In addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings could trigger obligations to make cash or collateral payments under derivative contracts with certain counterparties. There can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings and outlooks. For information on our credit ratings and outlooks, see the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section in Item 7 of this Report. Privacy and personal data rights initiatives have imposed and will continue to impose additional operational burdens on PNC, and they may limit our ability to pursue desirable business initiatives and increase the risks associated with any future gathering, maintenance, use, transmission and other processing of personal information. Legislative and regulatory efforts to protect the privacy and enhance the portability of personal data have evolved over time. Individuals whose personal information may be protected by law may include our customers, prospective customers, job applicants, employees and third parties. These initiatives, among other things, limit how companies can gather, maintain, use, transmit and otherwise process personal data and impose obligations on companies in their management of such data, including requiring companies like PNC to make available to consumers and authorized third parties certain data relating to transactions and accounts and establishing obligations for accessing such data. Financial services companies such as PNC necessarily gather, maintain, use, transmit and otherwise process a significant amount of personal data. These types of initiatives increase compliance complexity and related costs, may result in significant financial penalties for compliance failures, and may limit our ability to develop new products or respond to technological changes. This is particularly true as we expand our business and operations into new markets. Also, we are, or may become, subject to evolving and developing data privacy and security laws and regulations in other jurisdictions, including foreign jurisdictions even where our presence in such jurisdictions is minimal. Such legal and regulatory requirements also could heighten the reputational impact of actual or perceived misuses of personal data by us, our vendors or others who gain unauthorized access to our personal data. Other jurisdictions may adopt similar requirements that impose different and potentially inconsistent compliance burdens. The impacts will be greater to the extent requirements vary across jurisdictions. Climate-related risks could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. There continues to be concern, including on the part of certain stakeholders and in certain jurisdictions where we do business or have operations, regarding climate-related risks and impacts (including physical risk and transition risk). These concerns have led and may continue to lead to efforts to mitigate those impacts. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, the reduced availability of insurance or sufficient insurance to cover losses, operations disruptions and changes and other impacts because of climate change (including because of the increased frequency or severity of acute weather events and long-term shifts in the climate) and related governmental actions or societal responses to climate change. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including their reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities and their transition plans, as well as their exposure to the effects of climate change. Consumers and businesses may also change their behaviors because of these concerns which creates transition risk for PNC arising from adjusting to these concerns. PNC and its customers will need to respond to any new laws and regulations as well as any changes in consumer and business preferences related to climate change. Among the impacts to PNC could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors if our products or services do 14 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2025 Form 10-K not support the environmental goals of our customers, or increased losses due to the impact of climate change on the collateral that secures customer borrowings. Our risk management needs to continue to evolve, or it may not be effective in identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling climate risk exposure, particularly given that the timing, nature and severity of the impacts of climate change may not be predictable. Additionally, the federal government has altered and may continue to alter climate policies or requirements in a way that conflicts with certain state-level policies or investor expectations. Such changes may present risk to PNC due to inconsistent expectations, requirements or costs. Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy or other resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services necessary to run our business and our customers businesses. We have been and may continue to be subject to conflicting pressure from stakeholders and activists regarding how or when we take climate-related risks and impacts into account in our business practices or risk management. Further, there is ongoing scrutiny of climate-related policies, goals, including our use of and ability to achieve them, and disclosures, as well as conflicting pressure regarding the way in which climate may or should be considered by the financial sector, which could result in additional costs, reputational harm as a result of public sentiment, litigation and regulatory scrutiny (including from U.S. federal and state governments, policymakers and regulators), litigation and reduced investor and stakeholder confidence. The Risk Factor headed We are at risk of an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation further discusses risks associated with our management of these matters. Risks Related to the Use of Technology The use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses. As a large financial services company, we handle a substantial volume of customer and other financial transactions. As a result, we rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, monitor and report on our transactions and those of our customers. Over time, we have seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs as well as higher expectations of customers and regulatory requirements regarding effective and safe systems. As a result of these factors, the financial services industry continues to undergo rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Examples include expanded use of cloud computing, artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning, biometric authentication, voice and natural language, data privacy and security enhancements and increased online and mobile device interaction with customers, including innovative ways that customers can manage their accounts. In response to actual and anticipated customer behavior and expectations, as well as competitive pressures, we continue to invest in technology. We seek to automate functions previously performed manually, facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions and otherwise enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. This effort has involved and is likely to continue to involve the expenditure of considerable amounts of funds and other resources, which could be constrained to the extent that sustained adverse economic conditions and other factors described elsewhere in these RISK FACTORS negatively impact our business or financial performance. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations, because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not rolled out in a timely manner, or because we fail to keep pace with our competitors, would likely cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. Our ability to maintain or enhance our technological position is in part dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. Our use of technology is dependent on having the right to use its underlying intellectual property. In some cases, we develop internally the intellectual property embedded in the technology we use. In others, we or our vendors license the use of intellectual property from others. Where we rely on access to third-party intellectual property, whether now or in the future, it may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we fail to comply with any applicable obligations under our license agreements, or another person or entity were deemed to own intellectual property rights infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated by our activities, we could be responsible for significant damages covering past activities and substantial fees to continue to engage in these types of activities. Our third-party licensors may also have the right to terminate the license, which may cause us to lose valuable rights, and could disrupt our operations. It also is possible that we could be prevented from using technology important to our business for at least some period of time. In such circumstances, there may be no alternative technology for us to use or it might be expensive to obtain. We could also suffer significant reputational damage in these circumstances. Protections offered by those from whom we license technology against these risks may be inadequate to cover any losses in full, and the measures we take to obtain, enforce and defend our intellectual property rights may not be successful in every jurisdiction or prevent infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property rights. Over time, there have been and continue to be instances where technology used by PNC has been alleged to have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated intellectual property rights held by others, and, in some cases, we have suffered related losses. In certain situations, we may be compelled to engage in intellectual property-related litigation to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, which may incur significant expenses and may be perceived negatively by customers or industry peers. The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2025 Form 10-K 15 We could suffer a material adverse impact from failures and interruptions in the effective operation of our technology. The need to ensure proper functioning and resiliency of our information and communications systems and other technology has become more important and challenging, and the costs involved in that effort continue to be high. Our ability to create, obtain, maintain and report on information in an accurate, timely and secure manner is a foundational component of our business. Effective management of our expanded digital products and services, geographic footprint and dispersed workforce heightens our need for secure, reliable and adequate information and communication systems and other technology. The risks of failures and interruptions result from a variety of factors. We are vulnerable to the impact of failures and interruptions of our technology to operate as needed or intended. Failures and interruptions leading to materially adverse impacts could include those resulting from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall security, design or performance issues. In addition, our ability to use our technology effectively could be impacted due to design flaws, software bugs, errors, hardware failures, outages, bad weather, disasters, bad actors, terrorism, civil unrest, military conflict and the like. Such events could affect our technology directly or limit our use due to effects on key underlying infrastructure. Although we regularly update and replace technology that we depend on as our needs evolve and technology improves, we continue to utilize some older technology that may not be as reliable as newer ones. In addition, the implementation of and transition to new or updated technology creates risks related to associated timing and costs, disruptions in functionality for us or for customers, including the ability to perform functions critical to our business and operations, and longer-term failures to achieve desired improvements. Our ability to maintain, timely update and replace technology can become more challenging as the speed, frequency, volume, interconnectivity and complexity of information on technology increases. In some cases, the risk results from the potential for bad acts on the part of others, discussed in more detail in the Risk Factor headed We are vulnerable to the risk of cyber attacks and breaches affecting the functioning of technology or the confidentiality of information that could adversely affect our customers and our business. We rely on technology maintained by other companies. We use other companies both to provide products and services directly to us and to assist us in providing products and services to our customers. Others provide the infrastructure that supports, for example, communications, payment, clearing and settlement systems, or information processing and storage. These companies range from those providing highly sophisticated information processing to those that provide fundamental services, such as electric power and telecommunications. In some cases, these other companies themselves utilize third parties to support their delivery of products and services to us and our customers. Technology maintained by or for these other companies is generally subject to many of the same risks we face with respect to our technology and thus their issues could have a negative impact on PNC. We have less ability to provide oversight over other companies technology. Any delays in receiving timely information from impacted companies upon whom we rely can affect our ability to detect, mitigate and remediate any failures or interruptions, including our ability to fully meet applicable disclosure requirements for a given incident. We may also be held responsible for failures and interruptions, including our ability to fully meet applicable disclosure requirements for a given incident. We may also be held responsible for failures and interruptions attributed to such other companies upon whom we rely as they relate to the information we share with them. We also face a risk that such other companies may be unable or unwilling to continue to provide products or services to meet our current or future needs, including in an efficient, cost-effective or favorable manner. Any transition to alternative products or services may be difficult to implement, may cause us to incur significant time and expense and may disrupt or degrade our ability to deliver our products and services. The occurrence of any failure or interruption of any of our information or communications systems or other system, or those of other companies on which we rely, including those where there is not a reasonably available alternative, could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences to us. This risk is greater if the issue is widespread, extends for a significant period of time, or results in financial losses to our customers. The consequences include our ability to use our accounting, deposit, loan, payment and other systems, errors in transactions or impaired system functionality with customers, vendors or other parties, damage to our reputation or a loss of customer business (which could occur even if the negative impact on customers was de minimis) and litigation or additional regulatory scrutiny relating to such events (which in turn could lead to liability or other sanctions, including fines and penalties or reimbursement of adversely affected customers). In order to address ongoing and future risks, we may need to expend significant resources to support protective security measures and investigate, mitigate and remediate any vulnerabilities of our technology. Even if we do not suffer any material adverse consequences as a result of events affecting us directly, failures or interruptions at financial institutions, whether at PNC or others, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions, including us, and broadly increase legislative, regulatory and customer concerns regarding the functioning, safety and security of such technology. In that case, we would expect to incur even higher levels of costs with respect to prevention, mitigation and remediation of these risks. We are vulnerable to the risk of cyber attacks and breaches affecting the functioning of technology or the confidentiality of information that could adversely affect our customers and our business. Most corporate and commercial financial transactions are now handled electronically, and our customers increasingly use online access as well as mobile and cloud technologies to access our products and services. The ability to conduct business with us in this manner depends on the gathering, maintenance, use, transmission and other processing of vast amounts of digital information in electronic form. As a result, in the ordinary course of business, we gather, maintain, use, transmit and otherwise process vast amounts of digital information about us, our customers and our employees. This information tends to be confidential or proprietary and much of it is highly sensitive and personal. Such confidential, proprietary, sensitive and personal information includes information sufficient 16 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2025 Form 10-K to support identity theft and includes personal health information, as well as information regarding business plans and financial performance that has not been made public. As a result, efforts by bad actors to engage in various types of cyber attacks and breaches, including by way of computer viruses, hacking, ransomware and other malware, denial of service attacks, credential staffing, phishing, social engineering, account takeovers, insider threats and supply chain attacks pose serious risks to our business and reputation. We are faced with ongoing, nearly continual, efforts by others to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. The effectiveness of these efforts may be enhanced using AI. These efforts may be to obtain access to confidential information, often with the intent of stealing from or defrauding us or our customers, or to disrupt our ability to conduct our business, including by destroying or impairing access to information gathered, maintained, used, transmitted or otherwise processed by us. Some of these involve efforts to enter our technology directly by going through or around our security protections. Others involve the use of social engineering schemes to gain access to confidential information from our employees, customers or vendors. The modernization of the payment systems, including near real-time movement solutions, increases the complexity of preventing and detecting these attacks and recovering fraudulent transactions. Our risk and exposure to cyber attacks and breaches is heightened because of our expanded digital products and services, geographic footprint and dispersed workforce, which results in more access points to our network. The same risks are presented by attacks potentially affecting information held by third parties on our behalf or accessed by third parties, including those offering financial applications, on behalf of our customers. These risks also arise when third parties with whom we do business, or their vendors or other entities with whom they do business, are themselves subject to cyber attacks and breaches, which has impacted our business and may do so in the future. Our ability to protect confidential information is even more limited with respect to such information gathered, maintained, used, transmitted or otherwise processed by these parties. For example, we are likely to be limited in our ability to identify and quickly resolve cyber attacks and breaches that may impact our business the further removed an entity is from our business, such as when a cyber attack or other data security breach occurs at vendors of our vendors. We may suffer reputational damage or legal liability for unauthorized access to customer information gathered, maintained, used, transmitted or otherwise processed by other parties, even if we were not responsible for preventing such access and had no reasonable way of preventing it. Our customers often use their own devices, such as computers, smartphones and tablets, to do business with us and may provide their customer information (including passwords and other confidential information) to a third party in connection with obtaining services from that third party, including those offering financial applications. Although we take steps to provide safety and security for our customers transactions with us and their customer information, to the extent they utilize their own devices or provide third parties access to their accounts, our ability to assure such safety and security is necessarily limited. These risks are heightened as we and others continue to expand mobile applications, cloud solutions and other internet-based financial product offerings. For example, a number of our customers use financial applications to help manage their finances and investments, including through the aggregation of banking or other financial information that may require our customer to provide their secure banking credentials or account-identifying information to the financial application to aggregate this financial data. In some instances, third-party data aggregators are used by the financial application to access customers accounts and obtain the customers data and may be obtaining secure banking credentials or account-identifying information from our customers which has the potential to facilitate fraud if it is not properly protected. This has resulted in incidences of fraud, including automated clearing house fraud, credit card fraud and wire fraud, enabled through the use of synthetic identities and through account takeovers via these platforms. In addition, transactions by customers on financial applications that facilitate payments and fund transfers have also been fraudulently induced. These transactions occur when a customer authorizes payment to a recipient that fraudulently induced the customer into transferring a payment to such recipient. PNC has and may continue to face increased financial exposure due to activity associated with the increased use of these applications and data aggregators. Even where PNC does not have financial exposure for losses, PNC and the third parties with whom we do business could suffer increased reputational harm or regulatory scrutiny when such losses occur. As our customers regularly use PNC-issued credit and debit cards to pay for transactions with retailers and other businesses, there is also the risk of cyber attacks and other data security breaches at those other businesses covering PNC account information. When our customers use PNC-issued cards to make purchases from those businesses, card account information often is provided to such businesses. If a business s systems that gather, maintain, use, transmit and otherwise process card account information are subject to a cyber attack or other data security breach, holders of our cards who have made purchases from that business may experience fraud on their card accounts. We can be responsible for reimbursing our customers for such fraudulent transactions on customers card accounts, as well as for other costs related to cyber attacks and breaches, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts. In addition, we provide card transaction processing services to some merchant customers under agreements we have with payment networks such as Visa and Mastercard. Under these agreements, we may be responsible for certain losses and penalties if one of our merchant customers suffers a cyber attack or other data security breach. Moreover, to the extent more confidential information becomes available to bad actors through the cumulative effect of cyber attacks breaches at companies generally, bad actors may find it easier to use such information to gain access to our customer accounts. Other cyber attacks and data security breaches are not focused on gaining access to credit card or user credential information, but instead seek access to a range of other types of confidential information, such as internal emails and other forms of customer financial information, and this information may be used to support a ransomware attack. Ransomware attacks have sought to deny access to data and possibly shut down systems and devices maintained by target companies. In a ransomware attack, system data is encrypted, stolen or extorted, or access is otherwise denied, accompanied by a demand for ransom to restore access to the data or to prevent The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2025 Form 10-K 17 public disclosure of confidential information. Cyber attacks and data security breaches have also been conducted through business email compromise scams that involve using social engineering to cause employees to wire funds to the perpetrators in the mistaken belief that the requests were made by a company executive or established vendor. These types of phishing attacks have increased over time, and they have evolved to include other types of attacks like vishing (through voice messages) and smishing (through SMS text). Other cyber attacks and data security breaches have included distributed denial of service attacks, in which individuals or organizations flood commercial websites with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic with the goal of disrupting the ability of commercial enterprises to process transactions and possibly making their websites unavailable to customers for extended periods of time. Similarly, cyber attacks and breaches have been conducted through application program interfaces where bad actors seek to exploit the interfaces between mobile or web applications. We (as well as other financial services companies) have been subject to such cyber attacks and breaches. Recent cyber attacks and breaches have also included the insertion of malware into software updates and the infection of software while it is under assembly, known as a supply chain attack. Cyber attacks and breaches affecting our customers may put these relationships at risk, particularly if customers ability to continue operations is impaired due to the losses suffered. The techniques used in cyber attacks and breaches change rapidly and are increasingly sophisticated, including through the use of generative AI and deepfakes, and we expect in the future through the use of quantum computing, and we may not be able to anticipate cyber attacks or other data security breaches. Additionally, cyber attacks and breaches in some cases appear to be supported by foreign governments or other well-financed entities and often originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world. We have seen a higher volume and complexity of attacks during times of increased geopolitical tensions. In addition to threats from external sources, insider threats represent a significant risk to us. Insiders, including those having legitimate access to our information, communications systems and other technology and the information contained therein, have the easiest opportunity to make inappropriate use of their access. Addressing that risk requires understanding not only how to protect us from unauthorized use and disclosure of data, but also how to engage behavioral analytics and other tools to identify potential internal threats before any damage is done. As more work is conducted outside of PNC s facilities, the risk of improper access to PNC s network or confidential information has increased, including for reasons such as a failure by an employee or contractor to secure a device with PNC access. Cyber attacks and breaches often are not recognized until launched against a target and may go undetected for a period of time (or remain undetected), with the adverse consequences likely greater the longer it takes to discover the problem. As a result, we may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures to address these methods in advance of such cyber attacks and breaches. We have been and expect to continue to be the target of some of these types of cyber attacks and breaches. To date, none of these types of cyber attacks or other data security breaches has had a material impact on us. Nonetheless, we cannot entirely block efforts by bad actors to harm us, and there can be no assurance that future cyber attacks or other data security breaches will not be material. Attacks on others, some of which have led to serious adverse consequences, demonstrate the risks posed by new and evolving types of cyber attacks and breaches. We need effective programs to limit the risk of failures, interruptions and security breaches occurring in our technology and to mitigate and remediate the impact when they do. We have policies, procedures, systems and programs (including cybersecurity and business continuity programs) designed to prevent, mitigate and remediate the effect of failures, interruptions and security breaches in our technology. We continue to devote appropriate resources toward improving the reliability of our policies, procedures, systems and programs and their security against external and internal threats and expect to continue to do so in the future. We design our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs to allow us to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology or suppliers. We cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our policies, procedures, systems and programs to protect us in any future situation, nor can we guarantee the effectiveness of our oversight of risk arising from third parties upon whom we rely. Although we have policies, procedures, systems and programs designed to mitigate third-party risk, our ability to implement policies, procedures, systems and programs designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or security breaches impacting third-party technology, including the financial services industry infrastructure generally, is necessarily limited. Should such an adverse event occur, we may not have financial protection from the other third-party sufficient to compensate us or otherwise protect us from the consequences. While we maintain insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or any losses at all, and there can be no guarantee that our insurer will not deny coverage to any particular claim in the future or that such insurance will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. As a result, we could suffer material financial and reputational losses in the future from any failures, interruptions or security breaches or the perceptions thereof, whether or not this perception is correct. We may be unable to implement adequate preventive or mitigating measures to address failures, interruptions and security breaches in advance. Even with our proactive and defensive measures in place, such adverse events are likely to occur, and there remains the risk that one or more such events would be material to PNC. Our ability to mitigate and remediate the adverse consequences of such events is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning, our ability to identify and understand threats to us from a holistic perspective, our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs, with novel or unusual events posing a greater risk, and our ability to identify and quickly resolve vulnerabilities in our technology and those of third parties upon which we rely. Cyber attacks and breaches often are not recognized until launched against a target and may go undetected for a period of time, 18 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2025 Form 10-K with the adverse consequences likely greater the longer it takes to discover the problem. In many cases, it also depends on the preparedness and responses of national or regional governments, including emergency responders, or on the part of other organizations and businesses with which we deal. Additionally, our failure to communicate failures, interruptions and security breaches appropriately to relevant parties could result in regulatory, legal, operational and reputational risk. See 
