. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business We currently rely on sales of our Omnipod product platform to generate most of our revenue. We expect to continue to derive nearly all our revenue from our Omnipod product platform. Accordingly, our ability to continue to generate revenue is highly reliant on our ability to successfully market and sell our Omnipod products to new and existing customers, which could be negatively impacted by the risks described throughout these RISK FACTORS. Failure to continue to successfully market and sell our Omnipod products or to retain and grow our customer base would have a negative impact our business, revenue, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to grow our revenue depends in part on our retaining a high percentage of our customers. A key to driving our revenue growth is the retention of a high percentage of our customers. If demand for our products decreases as a result of economic conditions, competition, perceived inadequate customer service, product performance issues or otherwise, our ability to retain customers could be harmed. The failure to retain a high percentage of our customers would negatively impact our revenue growth and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we do not effectively manage our rapid growth, our business resources may become strained and we may not be able to deliver our products in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our results of operations. As we continue to expand the number of customers we serve, driven by increasing demand for Omnipod 5, our international expansion and entrance into the insulin-requiring type 2 diabetes market, we expect to continue to increase our manufacturing capacity, our personnel, and the scope of our sales and marketing efforts. Our growth will create challenges for our organization and may strain our management, operations, and customer service resources. We may misjudge the amount of time or resources that will be required to effectively manage any anticipated or unanticipated growth in our business, we may not be able to manufacture sufficient inventory, and we may not be able to attract, hire, and retain sufficient personnel to meet our expanding needs. If we cannot scale our business appropriately, maintain control over expenses, manufacture our products in a cost-effective or timely manner, or otherwise adapt to anticipated and unanticipated growth, our business resources may become strained, customer experience may decline, and we may not be able to deliver our Omnipod products in a timely manner, all of which would adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to secure or retain adequate coverage or reimbursement for our products by third-party payors could adversely affect our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect that sales of our Omnipod products would be limited if a substantial portion of their sales price is not paid for by third-party payors, including private insurance companies, health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations, federal and state government healthcare agencies, intermediaries, Medicare, Medicaid, and other managed care providers. In the United States, we currently have contracts establishing reimbursement for Omnipod products with national and regional third-party payors and government agencies that provide reimbursement in all 50 states. Medicare Part D Plan Sponsors may provide coverage for Omnipod products under the Medicare Part D prescription drug program, which requires negotiating with third-party payors in order to provide our product through the pharmacy channel in the United States. While we anticipate entering into additional contracts with other intermediaries and third-party payors, we cannot be sure that our efforts will be successful or that we will be able to maintain these contracts as they can generally be terminated by the third-party payor without cause. Further, we anticipate that recently enacted and proposed legislative changes affecting Medicare, Medicaid, and the Affordable Care Act may impact healthcare coverage, which, if implemented could adversely affect both demand for and pricing of our products. Moreover, compliance with administrative procedures or requirements of third-party payors may result in delays in the payor processing approvals for coverage of Omnipod products. Coverage decisions and rates of reimbursement increasingly require clinical evidence showing an improvement in user outcomes. Generating this clinical evidence requires substantial time and investment and there is no guarantee of a desired outcome. As we expand our sales and marketing efforts internationally, we face additional risks associated with obtaining and maintaining reimbursement from foreign healthcare payment systems on a timely basis or at all. Guidelines for reimbursement vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and we may not have the needed experts or clinical evidence within a particular jurisdiction to achieve reimbursement and thereby patient access. Outside the U.S., several of our major markets have government involvement in their healthcare payment system that may impose negative pricing pressure or limit access to or reimbursement for our products. Failure to secure or retain adequate coverage or reimbursement for our products by third-party payors could limit our ability to expand internationally and have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. 14 Table of Contents If we fail to expand our relationships with intermediaries, our ability to grow our business may be materially and adversely affected. In addition to promoting, marketing, and selling Omnipod products through our own direct sales force, we utilize intermediaries to distribute our product. If our intermediaries are unwilling or unable to market and sell our products, do not devote adequate resources or support to generate awareness of our products and grow product sales, or if they do not perform to our expectations, we could experience delayed or reduced market acceptance and sales of our products, which would adversely affect our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. Our non-insulin Drug Delivery product line faces challenges which, if not met, may impair its future success. Our non-insulin Drug Delivery product line involves the development, manufacture, and sale of a modified Pod for delivery of a specific drug other than insulin. Substantially all of our commercialized Drug Delivery revenue consists of sales of a customized version of our product for use in Amgen s Neulasta Onpro kit under an agreement that expires in December 2028. The marketing and sales initiatives driving this product line differ markedly from those on which we rely for our sales of Omnipod products to treat diabetes since the non-insulin drug delivery devices depend on marketing and sales to pharmaceutical companies, not to users and clinicians. We expect that the future results of our Drug Delivery product line will face several challenges, including: our identification of opportunities and development of appropriate modifications to our Omnipod technology to address the needs and parameters required for drug-delivery opportunities; our achievement of satisfactory development and pricing terms with the pharmaceutical companies that sell such drugs that would enable us to maintain an appropriate gross margin, particularly given relatively small number of modified Pods needed to address each drug-delivery opportunity; our ability to manufacture, and possible long lead-times associated with the development, regulatory approvals, and ramp up applicable to modified Pods; uncertainties relating to the success of the pharmaceutical companies in marketing and selling their drugs as well as the modified Pods as the appropriate delivery devices; intense competition in the drug-delivery industry, including from competitors which have substantially greater resources; and regulatory requirements and reimbursement rates associated with such drugs. If we are unsuccessful in overcoming one or more of these challenges, or if our agreement with Amgen is terminated or not renewed, our financial results could be negatively impacted. Risks Related to Competition and Product Development Our failure to compete effectively would negatively impact our revenue and results of operations. The competitive landscape in our industry continues to undergo significant change. We compete with established companies that produce insulin pumps, such as Medtronic Diabetes, a division of Medtronic plc (which division is being spun out into a new, independent publicly traded company), Tandem Diabetes Care Inc., as well as emerging companies like Beta Bionics Inc. Our competitors may develop products in the future that are superior to ours which would inhibit our ability to compete effectively. In addition to the insulin pump competitors, we compete with companies that provide products and supplies for MDI therapy. MDI therapy, including smart pens, can be substantially less expensive than pump therapy, and improvements in the effectiveness of MDI therapy may result in fewer people than we expect converting from MDI therapy to pump therapy, which could result in price pressure and decreased revenue. Our current competitors or other companies may at any time develop additional products for the treatment of diabetes. Several companies are working to develop and market new insulin patch pumps, smart pens, and other methods for the treatment of insulin-dependent diabetes. If an existing or future competitor develops a product that competes with or is superior to our Omnipod products, we risk losing our position as the perceived technology leader in our field, and our revenue may decline. In addition, some of our competitors may compete by changing their pricing model or by lowering the price of their insulin delivery systems or ancillary supplies. If these competitors products gain acceptance by healthcare professionals, people with insulin-dependent diabetes, or third-party payors, we could experience pricing pressure. If prices were to fall, our results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. Additionally, diabetes associations, healthcare providers that focus on diabetes, or other organizations that may be viewed as authoritative could endorse products or methods that compete with our products or otherwise announce positions that are unfavorable to our products. Any of these events may negatively affect our sales efforts and result in decreased revenue. 15 Table of Contents Our new product development initiatives may prove to be ineffective or not commercially successful. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by continuing to focus on innovation and new product development. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the U.S. and abroad, gain and maintain market acceptance of our products, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, and obtain appropriate intellectual property rights. Further, governmental regulation and laws related to AI and other emerging technologies may increase the burden and cost of research and development or require increased transparency that makes it more difficult to protect our intellectual property. In addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products currently in development, or that we may seek to develop in the future, will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval, or gain market acceptance. If we are unable to develop and launch new products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be negatively impacted. Even if we successfully develop new products, enhancements, or new generations of existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry or regulatory standards, or competitors innovations. Our failure to introduce commercially successful new and innovative products in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Technological breakthroughs in diabetes monitoring, treatment, or prevention could render our Omnipod products obsolete or less desirable. The diabetes treatment market is subject to rapid technological change and product innovation. Our Omnipod products are based on our proprietary technology, but a number of companies, medical researchers, and pharmaceutical companies are pursuing new delivery devices, delivery technologies, sensing technologies, procedures, drugs, and other therapeutics for the monitoring, treatment, and/or prevention of insulin-dependent diabetes. In addition, well-capitalized biopharmaceutical companies like Vertex Pharmaceuticals, as well as the National Institutes of Health, and other supporters of diabetes research, are continually seeking ways to prevent, cure, or improve the treatment of diabetes. Any breakthroughs in diabetes monitoring, treatment, or prevention could reduce the potential market for our products or render our products obsolete altogether, which would significantly reduce our sales or cause our sales to grow at a slower rate than we currently expect. Further, increased availability and adoption of the GLP-1 class of drugs may delay the progression of type 2 diabetes in obese patients. In addition, even the perception that new products may be introduced, or that technological or treatment advancements could occur, could cause consumers to delay the purchase of our products or impact our stock price. Future market or clinical studies may be unfavorable to our Omnipod products and their efficacy, which could hinder our sales efforts and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. To help improve, market, and sell our Omnipod products, we have sponsored, and expect to continue to sponsor, clinical studies to assess various aspects of the functionality and relative efficacy of our products. The data obtained from the studies may be unfavorable to our products or may be inadequate to support satisfactory conclusions. If clinical trials fail to support the efficacy of our current or future products, our sales may be adversely affected and we may lose an opportunity to secure clinical preference from prescribing clinicians or reimbursement from third-party payors. In addition, clinical studies or articles regarding our existing products or any competing products may be published that either support a claim, or are perceived to support a claim, that a competitor s product is clinically more effective or easier to use than our products or that our products are not as effective or easy to use as we claim. Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Related to our Intellectual Property We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could limit our ability to sell our products profitably, or at all, and cause us to incur additional costs. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop or acquire commercially valuable intellectual property rights and to protect those rights adequately. We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, copyright and trademark laws, confidentiality, non-disclosure and assignment of invention agreements, and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite these measures, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, or misappropriated. Companies could produce competing products using the stolen intellectual property and counterfeit products could also be developed. The latter could be damaging to our reputation if the products do not work properly. We may not be able to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable, and we cannot ensure that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us. To protect our intellectual property, we may need to assert claims of infringement or misappropriation against third parties. Any lawsuits that we initiate could be expensive, take significant time, 16 Table of Contents and divert management s attention from other business concerns. The outcome of litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, including the award of damages or other remedies (if any) is highly unpredictable. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially valuable. The occurrence of any of these events could limit our ability to sell our products profitably or at all, or to effectively compete, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. Claims that our current or future products infringe or misappropriate the proprietary rights of others could adversely affect our ability to sell those products and cause us to incur additional costs. We have been involved in patent infringement suits in the past and may be again in the future. As the number of companies with whom we compete grows and the functionality of products and technology in different industry segments overlap, the risk of third-party infringement claims increases. Third parties may currently have, or may eventually be issued, patents related to our current or future products or technologies and any of these third parties might make a claim of infringement against us. Such litigation, regardless of its outcome, could result in the expenditure of significant financial resources and the diversion of management s time and resources. In addition, such litigation could cause negative publicity, cause product shipment delays, temporarily or permanently limit or prohibit us from manufacturing, marketing, or selling our current or future products, and/or require us to undertake other remedial activities such as develop non-infringing technology, make substantial payments to third parties, or enter into royalty or license agreements, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. If a successful claim of infringement were made against us and we could not develop non-infringing technology or license the infringed or similar technology on a timely and cost-effective basis, our revenue could decrease substantially, and we could be exposed to significant liability. Risks Related to Economic Conditions and Operating Internationally The continuing worldwide macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty as well as the impact of another global pandemic may adversely affect our business and prospects. Continued concerns about the systemic impact of potential long-term and wide-spread recession and geopolitical issues, including wars and terrorism, have contributed to increased market volatility and diminished expectations for economic growth in the world. Our business and results of operations may be adversely impacted by changes in macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, bank failures, rising interest rates, and reduced availability of capital markets. Elections, political changes and divisions, and social concerns in various countries, including the United States, may further exacerbate geopolitical and geoeconomic tensions and market instability. Uncertainty about global economic conditions, particularly in countries with government-sponsored healthcare systems, may also cause slower adoption of new technologies such as Omnipod 5. Our failure to effectively navigate these geopolitical and economic challenges may result in decreased demand for our products and increased competition, downward pricing pressure, and increased user attrition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. A weakening of macroeconomic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers, which could result in interruptions in supply. In addition, another global pandemic like COVID-19 could significantly impact our supply chain if the manufacturing plants that produce our products or product components, the distribution centers where we manage our inventory, or the operations of our logistics and other service providers, including third parties that sterilize our products, are disrupted, temporarily closed, or experience worker shortages for a sustained period of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. The international nature of our business subjects us to additional business risks that may have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. International expansion is a key component of our growth strategy. International sales made up 28% of our revenues in 2025, and we expect international sales to contribute significantly to our future growth as we continue to launch Omnipod 5 in additional international markets. We also rely on third-party suppliers located in other countries, a third-party contract manufacturer located in China, and our manufacturing facility in Malaysia. Our current and future international operations are subject to risks that are inherent in conducting business under foreign laws, regulations, and customs. Our international operations, particularly our sales, manufacturing and supplier operations, may subject us to a number of risks and expenses, any of which could harm our operating results, including: political instability and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts; trade protection measures, such as tariff increases, and import and export licensing and control requirements; negative consequences from changes in, or interpretations of, tax laws; currency fluctuation; difficulty in establishing, staffing, and managing international operations; 17 Table of Contents adapting to the differing laws and regulations, business and clinical practices, and consumer preferences in international markets; difficulties in obtaining and maintaining reimbursement from foreign healthcare payment systems on a timely basis or at all; difficulties in managing international relationships, including any relationships that we establish with foreign partners, distributors, or sales or marketing agents; and longer collection periods and difficulty in collecting accounts receivable. In addition, government policies on international trade and investment such as import quotas, capital controls or tariffs, whether adopted by individual governments or addressed by regional trade blocks, can affect the cost of and the demand for our products, impact the competitive position of our products, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to sell products in the affected countries. The implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs, or new barriers to entry, could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, a government's adoption of buy national policies or retaliation by another government against such policies could have a negative impact on our results of operations. Expansion of U.S. tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Tariffs, sanctions or other trade barriers imposed by the U.S. (and countermeasures by non-U.S. governments) could adversely impact our supply chain costs or availability of certain components, demand for our products and our business, revenue, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Unpredictability of trade policy compounds this risk. Further, the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security ( BIS ) has announced the initiation of an investigation into the effects on U.S. national security of imports of personal protective equipment, medical consumables, and medical equipment, including medical devices such as insulin pumps. BIS is conducting the investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (Section 232), a law that empowers the president to restrict imports of products that threaten to impair national security. The investigation could result in overriding the tariff exemption currently in place for certain medical devices, which could have a material impact on our results of operations in future years. Risks Related to Reliance on Third Parties and Business Continuity We rely on agreements or licenses to intellectual property or other rights in order to sell our current product and commercialize new products. We rely on agreements or licenses to intellectual property or other rights in order to sell our current products and commercialize new products. If we cannot obtain or retain these agreements, licenses, or other rights, we may not be able to sell, develop, or commercialize our products. For example, we have commercial agreements with Dexcom and Abbott that allow us to sell Omnipod 5 with integration to Dexcom s and Abbott s CGM sensors. The loss of any of these rights could impair the functionality of our products or prevent us from selling our products without significant development activities and regulatory approvals that may not be completed in time to prevent an interruption in the availability of our products to consumers. This could result in a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. We also have a partnership with Glooko that allows our products to connect with Glooko s cloud-based diabetes data management system so that users and healthcare providers can monitor user data, including insulin delivery trends, and blood glucose levels. Our agreement with Glooko expires in December 2026. If this agreement is not renewed in the future and we do not contract for an alternative data management system or launch our own, our business could be materially adversely impacted. Our inventory is produced and maintained in a limited number of locations, including one operated by a third party in China, and any loss could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manufacture and sell our products. Our products are manufactured in three locations: at our manufacturing facility in the United States, at our manufacturing facility in Malaysia, and on manufacturing lines owned by us at a facility located in China that is operated by a third-party contract manufacturer. Political or financial instability, currency fluctuations, the outbreak of pandemics, labor unrest, impaired transport capacity and costs, port security, weather conditions, natural disasters, or other events that could slow or disrupt port activities and affect foreign trade are beyond our control and could materially disrupt our supply of product from China or Malaysia, increase our costs, and/or adversely affect our results of operations. Further, following the COVID-19 pandemic there may be increased pressure for U.S. medical device companies to reduce dependency on China for their supply chain. In addition, substantially all of our inventory in the United States is held at a single location in Massachusetts and our inventory in Europe is maintained by a third-party logistics entity primarily at a single location in the Netherlands. We take precautions to ensure that our third-party contract manufacturer and logistics entity safeguard our assets, including maintaining insurance, enacting health and safety protocols, and storing computer data offsite. However, a natural or other disaster, such as a fire or 18 Table of Contents flood, could cause substantial delays in our operations, damage or destroy our manufacturing equipment and/or inventory, and cause us to incur additional expenses. Further, the insurance we maintain may not be adequate to cover our losses. With or without insurance, damage to our facility, manufacturing equipment, inventory, or other property, or to any of our suppliers, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are dependent upon third-party suppliers, making us vulnerable to supply constraints and price fluctuations, and we may not be able to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or at all. The manufacture of our products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of quality components and materials from many suppliers in various countries. We work closely with our suppliers to ensure the continuity of supply, but we cannot guarantee these efforts will always be successful. We have also seen significant price increases for various components and raw materials, including for semiconductor chips. We do not have long-term supply agreements with all of our suppliers, and, in many cases, we, or our contract manufacturer, make purchases based on individual purchase orders. In some cases, our agreements with suppliers can be terminated by either party upon short notice. Additionally, while efforts are made to diversify our sources of components and materials, in certain instances we acquire components and materials from a sole supplier. Also, due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the FDA and similar regulatory agencies in other countries regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for some components or materials. Our reliance on third-party suppliers subjects us to other risks that could harm our business, including: our suppliers may give other customers needs higher priority than ours, impacting their ability to deliver products to us in a timely manner, as we are not a major customer of many of our suppliers; we may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of materials or components in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms; our suppliers may make errors in manufacturing that could negatively affect the safety or efficacy of our products, cause delays in shipment, or negatively affect our reputation; we may have difficulty locating and qualifying alternative suppliers for our sole-source supplies; switching components or suppliers may require product redesign and submission to the FDA of a new 510(k); thefts of our trade secrets and intellectual property could occur with the third-party supply process; our suppliers may be unable to fulfill our orders in a timely manner or at all due to financial hardship or the occurrence of a fire, natural disaster, or other catastrophe; and our suppliers may fail to comply with environmental, conflict minerals, anti-slavery, or other applicable laws, thus impairing our ability to source materials. An interruption, delay, or inability to obtain components, products, and raw materials from our third-party suppliers at acceptable prices and in a timely manner, could hinder our ability to manufacture our products in a timely or cost-effective manner and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our manufacturing process is highly complex and subject to regulation; as demand for our products increase, we may experience manufacturing difficulties, including not effectively managing the start-up of new manufacturing lines or issues with our third-party contract manufacturer, which could harm our business. The manufacture of our product is highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. While we manufacture our products in the United States and in Malaysia, a third-party contract manufacturer in China manufactures and supplies a significant portion of our inventory. We and our contract manufacturer may encounter problems during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, defective raw materials, and environmental factors. These issues could lead to compromised product quality, launch delays, reduced productivity, higher defect rates, increased waste, product shortage, unanticipated or increased costs, lost revenues, and damage to our reputation. Our failure to scale manufacturing appropriately to meet future demand, or encountering quality issues or unexpected operational delays when commencing operation of new manufacturing lines, would have an adverse effect on our gross margins and could result in product shortages. A failure to identify and address manufacturing problems prior to the release of products to our customers may also result in a quality or safety issue. Additionally, inefficient processes can strain relationships with suppliers and partners, further exacerbating operational disruptions and financial losses. Significant manufacturing problems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 19 Table of Contents If the third parties on which we rely to conduct our clinical trials and to assist us with pre-clinical development do not perform as contractually required or expected, we may not be able to obtain regulatory clearance or approval or commercialize our products. We rely on third parties, such as contract research organizations, medical institutions, clinical investigators, and contract laboratories to conduct some of our clinical trials and pre-clinical investigations. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our pre-clinical development activities or clinical trials may be extended, delayed, suspended, or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, our products on a timely basis, or at all, and our business and operating results may be adversely affected. Risks Related to Government Regulation and Product Liability Healthcare reform laws could adversely affect our revenue and financial condition. Efforts to control healthcare costs, including limiting access to care, alternative delivery models, and changes in the methods used to determine reimbursement systems and rates, are ongoing at the federal and state levels. Future changes cannot be predicted with certainty, and may have an adverse effect on our industry and on our ability to maintain or increase sales of any of our products. We are subject to extensive government regulation, which could restrict the sales and marketing of our products, cause us to incur significant costs, and impact our profitability and competitiveness. Our medical device products and operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and various other federal, state, local, and foreign government authorities. Government regulation of medical devices is meant to ensure their safety and effectiveness, and includes regulation of, among other things: design, development, and manufacturing; testing, labeling, and content and language of instructions for use and storage; clinical trials; product clearances and approvals, including premarket clearance and approval; product safety; advertising and promotion; marketing, sales, and distribution; conformity assessment procedures; product traceability and record keeping procedures; product complaints, complaint reporting, recalls, and field safety corrective actions; post-market surveillance, including reporting of deaths or serious injuries and malfunctions that, if they were to recur, could lead to death or serious injury; post-market studies; and product import and export. Before a new medical device, or a significant modification of a medical device, including a new use of or claim for an existing product, can be marketed in the United States, it must first receive regulatory clearance, unless an exemption applies. Obtaining such regulatory clearance can be expensive and lengthy. Delays in obtaining or inability to obtain clearances could adversely affect our ability to introduce new or enhanced products in a timely manner, which in turn could harm our revenue and profitability. We also are subject to numerous post-marketing regulatory requirements, which include quality system regulations related to the manufacture of our devices, labeling regulations, and medical device reporting regulations. The last of these regulations requires us to report to the FDA if our devices cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, or malfunction in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction recurred. If we fail to comply with present or future regulatory requirements that are applicable to us, we may be subject to enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: untitled letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees, and civil penalties; customer notification or orders for repair, replacement, or refunds; 20 Table of Contents voluntary or mandatory recall or seizure of our current or future products; administrative detention by the FDA of medical devices believed to be adulterated or misbranded; operating restrictions or suspension or shutdown of production; refusing our requests for regulatory clearance of new products, new intended uses, or modifications to our Omnipod products; rescinding, suspending, or withdrawing clearance that has already been granted; and criminal prosecution. The occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the FDA may change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations, revise existing regulations, or take other actions that may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our products under development or impact our ability to modify our currently approved or cleared products on a timely basis or make it more difficult and costly to produce, market, and distribute existing products. We also sell our products in Canada, Australia, and certain countries in Europe and the Middle East. As a result, we are required to comply with additional foreign regulatory requirements, which may vary substantially from country to country. As we expand our sales efforts internationally, we may need to obtain additional foreign approval certifications. Failure to fulfill foreign regulatory requirements on a timely basis or at all could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. Any delays in obtaining approval for our products, or any failure to meet regulatory requirements could adversely affect our ability to sell our products resulting in a negative impact to our financial results. If we or our contract manufacturer fail to comply with the FDA s quality system regulations, the manufacturing and distribution of our devices could be interrupted, and our sales and operating results could suffer. We and our contract manufacturer are required to comply with the FDA s QSR, which is a complex regulatory framework that covers the procedures and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, sterilization, labeling, packaging, storage, shipping, and servicing of our devices. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic, sometimes unannounced, inspections by the FDA. We cannot assure you that our facilities or our contract manufacturer s facility will pass any future quality system inspection. If our or our contract manufacturer s facility fails a quality system inspection or fails to take adequate and timely corrective action in response to an adverse quality system inspection or QSR violation, or otherwise fails to adhere to QSR requirements, this could delay production of our products and lead to business disruption. In addition, failure to take adequate and timely corrective action in response to an adverse quality system inspection or QSR violation could result in fines, difficulties in obtaining regulatory clearances, recalls, enforcement actions, including injunctive relief or consent decrees, or other consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our customers experience and our financial condition or results of operations. Malfunction of our products could lead to recalls, safety alerts, or litigation and result in substantial costs and reputational damage. The FDA and similar governmental bodies in other countries have the authority to require the recall of our products if we or our contract manufacturer fails to comply with relevant regulations pertaining to manufacturing practices, labeling, advertising, or promotional activities, or if new information is obtained concerning the safety or efficacy of our products. A government-mandated recall could occur if the FDA finds that there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious, adverse health consequences or death. A voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of any material deficiency in a device, such as manufacturing defects, labeling deficiencies, packaging defects, or other failures to comply with applicable regulations. Adverse events involving our products have been reported to us in the past, and we cannot guarantee that they will not occur in the future. Any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, may require significant time and capital, could divert management's attention from operating our business, and may harm our reputation and financial results. We may initiate voluntary recalls involving our products in the future that we determine do not require notification to the FDA. If the FDA disagrees with our determinations, it could require us to report those actions as recalls and could take enforcement action against us for failing to report the recalls when they were conducted. In the event of a product malfunction, we may also be subject to liability claims, be required to bear other costs, or take other actions that may have a negative impact on our future sales and our ability to generate profits. We may be subject to enforcement action if we engage in improper marketing or promotion of our products. Our promotional materials and training methods must comply with FDA and other applicable laws and regulations, including the prohibition of the promotion of unapproved, or off-label, use. Doctors may prescribe our products off-label, as the FDA does not restrict or regulate a doctor s choice of treatment within the practice of medicine. However, if the FDA determines that 21 Table of Contents our promotional materials or training constitutes promotion of an off-label use, it could subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine, or criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they consider our promotional or training materials to constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. In that event, our reputation could be damaged, and adoption of our products could be impaired. Although our policy is to refrain from statements that could be considered off-label promotion of our products, the FDA or another regulatory agency could disagree with our characterization of certain statements and conclude that we have engaged in off-label promotion. In addition, the off-label use of our products may increase the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims are expensive to defend and could divert management s attention, result in substantial damage awards against us, and harm our reputation. If we fail to comply with fraud and abuse and other healthcare regulations, including those relating to Medicare and Medicaid, we could be subject to substantial penalties and/or be excluded from participation in government programs. Our relationships with customers and third-party payors are subject to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain our sales, marketing, and other promotional activities by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements, including sales programs and certain customer and product support programs, we may have with hospitals, physicians, customers, or other potential purchasers of medical devices. These laws include, among others, the federal healthcare Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal civil False Claims Act, other federal healthcare false statement and fraud statutes, the Open Payments program, the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, and analogous fraud and abuse and transparency laws in most states, as described in Item 1 Business Government Regulation. We conduct various marketing and product training activities that involve making payments to healthcare providers and entities. While we believe and strive to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties and other activities and programs comply with all applicable laws, these laws are complex and our activities may be found not to be compliant with one of these laws, which may result in significant civil, criminal, and/or administrative penalties, fines, damages, and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. Even an unsuccessful challenge or investigation into our practices could cause adverse publicity, and be costly to respond to, and thus could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our compliance with Medicare and Medicaid regulations may be reviewed by federal or state agencies, including the OIG, CMS, and the Department of Justice, or may be the subject of whistleblower lawsuits under federal and state false claims laws. To ensure compliance with Medicare, Medicaid, and other regulations, government agencies conduct periodic audits of us to ensure compliance with various supplier standards and billing requirements. Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws could materially adversely affect our business and result in civil and/or criminal sanctions. The FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery laws enacted in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Because of the predominance of government-sponsored healthcare systems around the world, most of our customer relationships outside of the United States are with governmental entities and are therefore subject to such anti-bribery laws. Because we do business in the United Kingdom, the U.K. Bribery Act also extends to our interaction with public and private sector entities and persons outside the United Kingdom, including in the United States. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and in certain circumstances strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Despite our training and compliance programs, our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Violations of anti-bribery laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Risks Related to Information Technology ( IT ) , Privacy and Security We are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and artificial intelligence ( AI ), many of which are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, which could result in legal claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and AI. The introduction of new products or expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions may subject us to additional laws and regulations. For example, data privacy laws at the federal and state levels protect the confidentiality of certain health information and restrict the use and disclosure of that protected information. In particular, the U.S. privacy rules under HIPAA protect medical records and other personal health information by limiting their use and disclosure, giving individuals the right to access, amend, and seek accounting of their own health information, and limiting most uses and disclosures of health information to the minimum amount reasonably necessary to accomplish the intended purpose. Many states have adopted new privacy laws in the past few 22 Table of Contents years. For example, CCPA and CPRA provide privacy rights and consumer protection for residents of California, including the right to know what personal information is collected, the right to know whether the data is sold or disclosed and to whom, the right to request a company to delete the personal information collected, the right to opt-out of the sale of personal information, and the right to non-discrimination in terms of price or service when a consumer exercises a privacy right. The California laws have served as a model for many subsequently adopted laws in other states, such as Colorado and Virginia. California and other states laws apply more broadly and now or in the future may reach data we hold that relates to employees and healthcare providers, not just customers. In addition, data security protection laws passed by the federal government and many states require notification to data subjects, including customers and others, when there is a security breach of personal data. If we fail to comply with these regulations, we could be subject to civil sanctions, including fines and penalties for noncompliance. We develop, license from other developers, and deploy AI tools, including generative AI tools for use in our operations. Our teams collaborate on the development of responsible AI policies and practices and deployment of AI tools in accordance with those policies and practices, which are in turn based on relevant laws and standards, including the EU AI Act (which is taking effect in stages, through August 2026). While we anticipate being able to capitalize on opportunities using AI tools, including generative AI tools, to improve efficiencies and create more personalized experiences, doing so is not without risk. Risks include potential inappropriate disclosure of personal and confidential information, and potential use of inaccurate information contained in generative AI outputs. In addition, foreign data protection, privacy, and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the United States. Data localization laws in some countries generally mandate that certain types of data collected in a particular country be stored and/or processed within that country. We could be subject to audits in Europe and around the world, particularly in the areas of consumer and data protection, as we continue to grow and expand our operations. Legislators and regulators may make legal and regulatory changes or interpret and apply existing laws in ways that make our products less useful to users, require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. These changes or increased costs could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. For example, the GDPR imposes requirements in the European Economic Area relating to among other things, consent to process personal data of individuals, the information provided to individuals regarding the processing of their personal data, the security and confidentiality of personal data, notifications in the event of data breaches, and use of third-party processors. If we fail to comply with these standards, we could be subject to criminal penalties and civil sanctions, including significant fines and penalties. The increased scope of regulation around the world may require expanded compliance programs and resources. As our efforts to gain insights from data increase for the operation of our products and services and for the improvement of business processes, including sales and marketing, our exposure to increasingly complex privacy regulation may impede our ability to use data in this way. We rely on the proper function, availability, and security of our products and IT systems; a successful cyber-attack or other breach or disruption of our products or these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We rely on IT systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including personal, financial, and sensitive medical information. Our IT systems support various business processes, including sales, shipping, billing, customer service, procurement, supply chain, manufacturing, and accounts payable. In addition, we use enterprise IT systems for internal financial reporting and to comply with external financial reporting, legal, and tax regulatory requirements. Many of our systems are cloud-hosted and managed by third-party vendors who may have access to confidential business, employee, healthcare professional, and/or customer information. Our IT systems are vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to various factors such as viruses, hacking, power outages, user error, hardware failures, and catastrophic events. Failure to protect our IT systems could lead to unauthorized access to customer data, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, loss of key data, or disruption of operations. Further, we expect that the breadth and complexity of our IT systems and infrastructure will increase as we utilize cloud technologies and AI, which present inherent enterprise technology risks, including those related to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity, that need to be managed. The foregoing could expose us to further risk of potential breaches, failures, interruptions, and disruptions, which could result in adverse consequences, including regulatory inquiries or litigation, increased costs and expenses, reputational damage, lost revenue, and fines or penalties. If our product is breached or our IT systems are breached or suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown and we are unable to effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our reputation, business, and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 23 Table of Contents Failure to maintain the privacy and security of our customer, third-party payor, employee, supplier, or Company information could result in substantial costs and/or subject us to litigation, enforcement actions, and reputational damage. Our business, like that of most medical device manufacturers, involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of customer information, payment and reimbursement information, and confidential information about third-party payors, our employees, our suppliers, and our Company. Our information systems are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or information through fraud or other means of deceiving our employees or third-party service providers. Hardware, software, or applications we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, or other issues that could unexpectedly compromise information and device security. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. We have implemented, and regularly review and update, processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. However, ever-evolving threats mean we must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes. Our efforts may not be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, misuse of data, or sabotage of our systems. Any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, third-party payor, employee, supplier, or Company data, could result in significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. Risks Related to Debt Our Credit Agreement imposes restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate or grow our business. Our Credit Agreement contains covenants that restrict our ability, and that of our subsidiaries, to engage in certain transactions, including, among other things, limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make asset dispositions, create or permit liens, sell, transfer, or exchange assets, guarantee certain indebtedness, and make acquisitions or other investments. These restrictions may impair our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions and may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may need to raise additional funds in the future, and these funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. We may in the future seek additional funds from public or private stock or debt offerings, borrowings under credit lines, or other sources, and we may need to raise additional debt or equity financing to repay our outstanding debt obligations. If we issue equity or debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. In addition, if we raise additional funds through collaboration, licensing, or other similar arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our potential future products or proprietary technologies or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by economic conditions, including inflation, higher interest rates, and worldwide political unrest, and we may not be able to raise any necessary capital on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital due to these or other factors, such as a worldwide or U.S. financial crisis, we may need to further manage our operational expenses, including potentially curtailing planned product development activities. In addition, we may not be able to execute our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated customer requirements. If any of these events occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. General Risks Our success depends on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain key personnel. As Insulet continues to quickly grow, our success is highly dependent on attracting the right talent, retaining our employees, and keeping them engaged and focused on our mission. In 2025, we had changes in key leadership roles, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, among others. If we are unable to effectively integrate the new members of the management team, retain other key members of our team, and maintain continuity in critical functions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, the sales and after-sale support of Omnipod products require a complex infrastructure of field sales personnel, diabetes educators, customer support, insurance specialists, and billing and collections personnel. Recruiting, training, managing, motivating, and retaining these employees, especially in international and geographically dispersed teams, presents challenges. If we are unable to successfully recruit or retain employees as needed, we could experience significant operational disruptions, which could in turn negatively impact our customers, our reputation, and our financial condition. Acquisitions or investments in new businesses, products, or technologies could disrupt our business. If we are presented with appropriate opportunities, we may pursue acquisitions or investments in complementary businesses, products, or technologies. If we do so, we may not complete transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, 24 Table of Contents and we may not realize the expected benefits of any acquisition or investment. Additionally, products and technologies that we acquire may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than we originally anticipated. We could also experience negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition due to acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets, and asset impairment charges. Acquisitions also present risks, uncertainties, and disruptions associated with the integration process, including difficulties in the integration of the operations of any acquired company, integration of acquired technology with our products, and the potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, or suppliers of the acquired businesses. In addition, integration of an acquired business may require management resources that otherwise would be available for development of our existing business. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated into our existing business, our stock price, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may have to incur debt or issue equity to pay for any future acquisitions or investments, the issuance of which could be dilutive to our existing stockholders. The price of our common stock may be volatile. The market price of our common stock is affected by a number of factors, including factors related to our operating performance as a high-growth company and the operating performance of our competitors. At times, the fluctuations in the market price of our common stock have been unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. In particular, the U.S. equity markets have at times experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices of equity securities of many medical device and technology companies. Also, in 2023, ongoing adoption of the GLP-1 class of drugs in diabetes and news surrounding the expansion of use of GLP-1 drugs in obesity led to speculation regarding the impact of GLP-1 drugs on the insulin therapy market. We believe this negatively impacted the stock prices of companies in the medical device industry, including ours. Broad market and industry factors such as these could materially and adversely affect the market price of our stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact our operating results. We are subject to income taxes, as well as taxes that are not income-based, in both the U.S. and jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Changes in tax laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate could negatively impact the Company s effective tax rate, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, our future effective tax rate could be unfavorably affected by numerous other factors including a change in the interpretation of tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, a change in our geographic earnings mix, or a change in the measurement of our deferred taxes. We are also subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions, and tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. 
