 continued The risk overview below shows the residual level to which the Company is exposed once preventive controls and mitigation measures have been applied to the principal risks. Principal risks • Could seriously affect and prevent the Group from delivering its strategic objectives • Oversight by the Board and Board’s Committees • Owned by the Executive Management • Assessed and monitored at a Group level Risk overview n Climate change ai lit at bi io i st na r al Su s sk er Op isk • Identified and assessed through applying impact and likelihood a 5x5 scoring scale based on the financial indicators (% Adjusted EBITDA) and non-financial consequences (safety, environmental, regulatory and reputational) along with the likelihood criteria (from rare to almost certain) • Defined risk appetite and tolerance vary depending on the risk type • Risk response and mitigating controls are subject to internal audit review and monitoring s Exploration risk yr Human capital risk Governance Cybersecurity risk Strategic report Approach to risk assessment 2022 developments and overview of principal risks Production risk Functional and operational risks • Owned by functional and operational management • Assessed and monitored at the level of business unit, site or function. Escalated to the Executive Management where appropriate Environmental risk Supply chain risk Financial statements Health and safety risk Construction and development risks Political Market risk risk Legal and compliance risk Taxation risk During 2022, none of the Group’s entities nor its significant shareholders have been subject to the US, UK and EU sanctions. However, constantly changing legislation and the high level of uncertainty triggered by the conflict in Ukraine has affected the Group’s business processes to varying degrees given the correlation of different risk factors. International sanctions and counter-sanctions had pervasive impacts across a range of principal risks. In particular, they led to a temporary bullion inventory accumulation across the Group’s mines located in Russia and complications within supply chain operations. This forced the Group to revise its business priorities, including delivering on development project schedules and budgets. Currency risk li Po re ci d al an ris al ks t ic gu la to ry ris Fi na n ks Operational risks Political and regulatory risk Current emerging risks 1 Production 2 Construction and development1 3 Supply chain1 4 Exploration 8 Legal and compliance1 9 Political1 10 Taxation Climate change Resource nationalism Cybersecurity Financial risks 1 11 Market1 12 Currency1 13 Liquidity1 Sustainability risks 5 Health and safety 6 Environmental1 7 Human capital For the purpose of addressing sanctions-related restrictions, the Company reacted quickly and applied appropriate mitigation measures. This allowed the Group to establish new sales channels, secure the procurement of operational consumables and equipment, and carry out mid-term development projects in line with revised schedules. Potential sanctions and regulatory developments are constantly monitored. The Board of Directors receives appropriate updates on a timely basis. We disclosed the effects that sanctions have had on individual risks within our principal risks register; the details along with mitigating actions are set out in the table on pages 100–109. This risk was considered as part of the viability assessment as detailed on pages 153–154. ` Read more on the next pages. 2022 – No change 2022 – Increased 98 2022 – Decreased New principal risk Emerging risks Polymetal International plc Integrated Annual Report & Accounts 2022 Some evidence of risk realisation Low risk Strong evidence of risk realisation High risk Medium risk Extreme risk Polymetal International plc Integrated Annual Report & Accounts 2022 99 Appendices Resource nationalism Sanctions implications Liquidity risk Risk management continued In 2022, we validated the continued importance of our 13 principal risks. We have also disclosed the implications for and impact on several principal risks caused by the international sanctions. 2022 – No change Medium New principal risk High 2022 – Increased Extreme 2022 – Decreased The principal risks are those that we believe could seriously affect and prevent the Group from delivering its strategic objectives. A number of principal risks, such as risks related to the operation of tailings storage facilities and risks related to slope wall or underground mine failure could have dramatic consequences for the Group’s prospects. Nevertheless, these risks are highly unlikely. We treat these risks with the highest priority and focus on the development and implementation of relevant preventive controls and measures to mitigate the inherent level of these risks when ensuring the Company’s viability. Appropriate criteria have been included to the incentive metrics of our Remuneration Policy. To read more about ESG metrics, see page 144. Risk description and potential effect Inability to achieve target return on capital for large investment projects, such as building new mines and processing facilities or extension/refurbishment of existing operating mines, due to: • Capital expenditure overruns and failure to meet construction deadlines (including due to changes in macroeconomic conditions) • Delay in commissioning • Failure to comply with design solutions during construction • Inability to achieve design parameters • Inability to perform construction works or to commission a construction object. Link to strategy Meaningful organic growth Global leadership in refractory ore processing Maintaining robust liquidity and balance sheet High standards of ESG through impact assessment The order in which the risks are presented is not relevant to their significance. Risk level: Risk exposure trend: Link to strategy: Risk description and potential effect The key risks that may adversely affect the Group’s ability to deliver on its production plans are: • Stability of open-pits and underground mines • Complex geotechnical conditions • Lack of quality ore feed for processing plants • Inability to achieve planned recoveries • Lack of design and permit documentation • Reduced volumes of concentrate sales (for detailed data on this risk see page 28). Other risks include: • The failure of our contractors to meet required performance and deadlines, as well as to provide sufficient quality of works • Lack of key materials • The failure of the supply chain to procure complex logistics to remote locations. Preventive control and mitigation We continuously monitor the progress of our production plans, identify and assess relevant production risks at our operations, develop and implement risk management measures in a timely manner, specifically: • Proven procedures to develop and approve mining plans • Continuous tracking of key materials, monitoring and prompt analysis of how our contractors complete their tasks, as well as proactively developing alternative options • Geomechanical surveys for open-pit and pit-wall stability, control system for underground mining, including Ground Penetrating Radars (GPRs) and drones (UAVs) used for surveys and slope analysis, and online monitoring of pit-wall stability and prompt wall stabilisation • Flood management measures to prevent spring floods • Detailed geomechanical modelling to process data on grade control and production drilling • Monthly mine-to-model reconciliations to achieve higher grades and minimise dilution losses • Geotechnical mapping based on results of exploration, grade control sampling and in-fill drilling • Lab tests to optimise ore and concentrate processing parameters. 100 Polymetal International plc Integrated Annual Report & Accounts 2022 Principal areas of focus in 2022 In the context of pressures caused by international sanctions, the Company faced difficulties that directly or indirectly affected production processes. In the first instance, mines experienced difficulties with the supply of goods and materials, mining equipment and maintenance of Western equipment owing to the withdrawal of foreign key suppliers and manufacturing companies from the Russian market. However, by engaging alternative suppliers of mining equipment, the Company managed to avoid interruptions in the production process and maintain the pace of production operations. This was also facilitated by the implementation of an accelerated mining equipment programme, including the use of dismantled equipment as spare parts for current machinery. In 2022, in the face of high uncertainty, the Company was able to ensure stable work at all mines across the portfolio and met its production guidance. At Kutyn, production started ahead of the previously announced target date and production ramped up at Nezhda. Preventive control and mitigation Approval of investment projects is subject to materiality criteria, including mandatory approval by the Board, which ensures that potential new assets fit the Company’s strategic goals. The Company uses global best practice in project management. Project Committees, including the Company executive team, make key financial, technological and organisational decisions when considering new projects. The Board regularly reviews progress on key projects, including completion scorecards and key project milestones and risks. Cross-functional project teams include professionals from head office, regional operations, Polymetal Engineering and Polymetal Trading. This enables us to apply accumulated collective experience in exploration, design and commissioning of mining and processing operations. Our engineering professionals supervise full observance of design parameters during construction. The Company has a proven procedure for obtaining permitting documents. To ensure the resilient performance of the engineering teams, Polymetal implements a professional assessment, development and motivation programme. JORC-compliant Ore Reserves estimates for new development assets are assured by external experts and validate all critical feasibility study assumptions. 3. Supply chain risk Principal areas of focus in 2022 To meet all project construction schedules, the Group regularly evaluates risks, including those related to sanctions restrictions, and implements appropriate mitigation measures. These measures mainly concern procuring key equipment and spare parts from alternative suppliers and engaging alternative contractors. In 2022, despite the pressures caused by international sanctions and supply difficulties, Polymetal successfully launched gold production at Kutyn. The start-up was ahead of the previously announced target date. The Company revised the construction schedule for Amursk POX-2 by six months: full commissioning is expected in Q2 2024. The Company is confident in the feasibility of the current plan and continues to implement a range of risk mitigation measures, which mainly relate to logistical challenges. Early-stage projects (including Veduga and Maminskoye) have been delayed by one year. This will reduce short-term capital commitments and allow for a thorough selection of processing equipment to ensure full compliance with all applicable sanctions and flexible construction planning. The POX-3 project has been suspended indefinitely with studies under way to potentially re-site the facility in Kazakhstan. Risk level: Risk exposure trend: Link to strategy: Risk description and potential effect Supply change failure could adversely affect the Company’s business processes. In view of the macroeconomic context and industry-wide uncertainty, maintaining resilient supply chains is a vital component in ensuring the Company’s sustainable performance. Supply chain risk also correlates with principal risks such as market, construction and development, production, political and with emerging climate change risk. Disruption or restrictions to supply chain operations could negatively impact operational procurement, concentrate transportation and planned delivery of construction and development projects. Preventive and mitigation measures In order to maintain the operation of a resilient supply chain, the Company has implemented a range of preventive controls and mitigation measures to address the volatile environment, including: • Advanced planning and ongoing reviewing (e.g. tracking all shipments, infrastructure outages and inclement weather, monitoring possible sanctionrelated restrictions) • Agile stock allocations and creating safety stocks for key inventory groups • Reservation of production capacities on the n-Tier suppliers level and shift to substitute items where the risk of supply chain interruption is high • Calculating multiple shipment scenarios for critical items along with a focus on local contractors and using our own containers in the shipment turnover • Proactive order placing for consumed materials • Implementation of immediate reporting mechanisms, including inventory and suppliers risk assessment on an ongoing basis • Monitoring all sanctions and restrictions, and maintaining the sanctions register • Development of a strategy and plan for alternative substitution of inventory and equipment. Principal areas of focus in 2022 During the reporting year, we focused on adapting our supply chains to sanctions restrictions and implementing measures to replace sanctioned equipment and consumables with comparable products, mainly from Asia and Russia. We proactively managed production demand and stocks of critical consumables and spares to optimise the number of order placements and ensure on-time inventory and equipment delivery to operations. Polymetal responded by both increasing the procurement of equipment and spares, and reinforcing its relationships with critically important contractors and suppliers through advance payments. This allowed us to significantly reduce the risk of supply disruption caused by the impact of international sanctions and counter-sanctions on procurement and logistics. There were no interruptions in the production and delivery of development projects caused by sanctions restrictions to the supply chain. Despite the logistical challenges triggered by the geopolitical and macroeconomic situation, we managed to respond promptly and effectively to any emerging issues. Contingency planning has been in place to ensure supply chain resilience, including the selection of key equipment suppliers. In addition, re-engineering practice for critical inventories of existing production processes was introduced. Polymetal International plc Integrated Annual Report & Accounts 2022 101 Appendices Operational risks 1. Production risk Financial statements Risk exposure trend Low Risk exposure trend: Link to strategy: Risk key Risk level Risk level: Governance The Group’s principal risks and related preventive controls and mitigation strategies are set out below. Principal risks and risk factors are assessed by the Board based on a detailed understanding of the Company, its markets and the legal, social, political, economic, technological, environmental and cultural environments in which we operate, including a robust consideration of the likelihood of the occurrence and potential consequences of risk events. 2. Construction and development risks Strategic report Principal risks and uncertainties Risk management continued 4. Exploration risk Risk level: Risk exposure trend: 5. Health and safety risk Risk level: Risk description and potential effect The Group operates potentially hazardous sites such as open-pit and underground mines, exploration sites, processing facilities and explosive storage facilities. Working on the production sites may pose a risk for our employees and contractors due to various hazards and harmful factors. Preventive control and mitigation Our approach to health and safety is about a zero-harm culture. Safety responsibility comes from the top: our Group CEO and COO, alongside the HSE Director, are formally committed to personal accountability with health and safety indicators making up a material part of their annual bonus KPIs. They can be subject to penalties of up to 50% of their annual bonus earned for non-safety-related KPIs if severe incidents or fatalities occur. Each key process and location has its own risk map and mitigation plan. We develop an annual action plan for key risk areas and implement mitigation activities across key areas covering five main directions of impact: administration, risk elimination, engineering improvements, training and visualisation. This includes health and fatigue monitoring, upgrading safety equipment, route optimisation, regular road safety inspections and improving work and rest conditions. An internal audit of the efficiency of health and safety management is performed. Our Occupational Health and Safety Management System is audited annually for compliance with ISO 45001. Principal areas of focus in 2022 In 2022, there were no fatal accidents among Polymetal employees and contractors. LTIFR among the Group’s employees for 2022 stood at 0.10 (0.12 in 2021). Polymetal regularly trains not only employees but also contractors on the principles of hazards identification, risk assessment and procedures for ongoing production control and workplace monitoring. The requirement to regularly identify and assess hazards and risks is included in all agreements with contractors. To enhance safety risk management, the Company continues to introduce smart technologies, such as underground mine worker positioning systems and electric voltage and collision warning systems. In 2022, based on a complex analysis of the health and safety risks and the efficiency of the preventive control and risk mitigation measures, the Group assessed the health and safety risk as “high”. External auditors confirmed the compliance of our Occupational Health and Safety Management System with ISO 45001 with no adverse audit reports. Appendices Risk key 102 Polymetal International plc Integrated Annual Report & Accounts 2022 Financial statements Principal areas of focus in 2022 In 2022, due to the challenging geopolitical situation, Polymetal postponed a range of exploration projects as a result of a revised financing programme and business prioritisation. The Company focused on the most significant projects. In 2022, Group Ore Reserves decreased by 9% to 27.3 Moz of GE, mostly due to mining depletion. This was partially offset by the successful exploration results at Omolon hub (Burgali and Nevenrekan), Pesherny (Voro hub), as well as initial reserve estimates at Galka and Tamunier (Voro hub). Despite a 50% reduction in greenfield exploration budgets owing to geopolitical factors, Polymetal is still evaluating investment opportunities and partnering with junior exploration companies. In 2022, the Company held its fifth competition for junior exploration companies as part of a programme to explore prospective areas and advance its long-term growth pipeline. The average grade in Ore Reserves continues to be one of the highest within the sector globally at 3.6 g/t of GE. Governance Preventive control and mitigation The Group’s Chief Geologist and engineering teams have a strong track record of successful greenfield and brownfield exploration, leading to the subsequent development of exploration fields for commercial production. The advancement of exploration projects is subject to rigorous reviews through pre-established project stage gates that are linked to estimates of the resource potential to be commercially developed. We have a mine-to-model reconciliation procedure in place to compare the actual amount of ore mined with mineral resource estimates. Quality assurance and quality control procedures provide control of works performed through control tests and measurements. The procedures also provide for an expert review of technologies applied. The Company has a system to control filing of documents with the state authorities that enables strict control over the time and quality of the documentation filed. Polymetal runs programmes to train and develop relevant personnel and gives priority to introducing new exploration technologies to accelerate exploration and improve its productivity and efficiency. Link to strategy: Link to strategy: Risk description and potential effect Failure to discover new reserves of sufficient magnitude or confirm existing reserves is an inherent risk for the mining industry: • Tectonic fractures and rock-fracture zones may affect the stability of the rock mass • Change in the form and dip angles of ore bodies may affect the development method and result in an increase in the amount of planned mining works • Underestimation and overestimation of Mineral Resources may affect the accuracy of production planning and mining efficiency • Failure to take assays and handle samples correctly may lead to incorrect analysis results and errors in estimates of mineral resources • Ineffective use of available resources and/or failure to meet targets could adversely affect the Company’s future performance • Improper approval of new Ore Reserves may result in the Company’s inability to benefit from exploration results • Postponement or suspension of exploration projects could have a significant impact on the proper replenishment of the mineral resource base. Risk exposure trend: Strategic report Sustainability risks Operational risks continued Risk level Risk exposure trend Low 2022 – No change Medium New principal risk High 2022 – Increased Extreme 2022 – Decreased Link to strategy Meaningful organic growth Global leadership in refractory ore processing Maintaining robust liquidity and balance sheet High standards of ESG through impact assessment The order in which the risks are presented is not relevant to their significance. Polymetal International plc Integrated Annual Report & Accounts 2022 103 Risk management continued 6. Environmental risk Sustainability risks continued Risk level: Risk exposure trend: 7. Human capital risk Risk level: Link to strategy: Risk description and potential effect Attraction and retention of qualified personnel is essential to ensure Company’s performance. Volatile external environment posed by the impact of the geopolitical situation complicates the existing human resources processes. Inability to retain key personnel or to recruit new personnel and insufficient qualification of employees can affect operations, culture and environment where business can thrive. Preventive control and mitigation Our corporate culture is crucial for delivering the long-term success of the Company and the Board appreciates our employees playing a key role in this process. We aim to provide a comfortable and effective working environment, as well as training or further education and other opportunities for our employees. The main principles and approaches to human resources strategy implementation are based on international best practice, generally recognised principles and rules of domestic and international law, as stated in our Human Resources Policy, Diversity and Inclusion Policy, and Human Rights Policy. The Group has an internal communications system enabling it to independently monitor employee satisfaction. There are direct lines to the Group CEO and departmental heads. Employee satisfaction surveys are conducted on a regular basis with a summary provided to the Nomination Committee. Our Remuneration Policy is aimed at achieving results, motivating and retaining all levels of personnel, prioritising functional areas and staff shortages in the labour market. We have incentive programmes to help retain key employees and offer a competitive remuneration package and benefits, including annual indexation of the base salary against inflation for all employees. The Company maintains a Talent Pool of high-potential professionals, nurturing young leaders to manage further growth. Principal areas of focus in 2022 Since the beginning of the geopolitical conflict, the Company has taken all possible measures to ensure employees’ well-being and maintain their productivity. Prompt feedback channels were constantly maintained. The Company considers the retention of employees, including key professionals, to be of paramount importance and implements all available measures to maintain staffing levels at its offices and operations. Such measures include the formation of internal and external pools and additional professional training for employees. Using a variety of communication channels, we continued with arrangements for employees from every subsidiary to put questions to the Company’s management on a wide range of topics. We also provided appropriate training on human rights, diversity and inclusion practices to our employees. Appendices Principal areas of focus in 2022 We have rigorous controls in place to ensure that we meet our environmental targets related to water use, waste and biodiversity (read more on page 45). In 2022, we continued to focus on our material environmental issues: • Actions were taken to reduce the consumption of fresh water for process needs, alongside the modernisation of water treatment facilities at Mayskoye and Dukat and reconstruction of collecting ponds at Albazino. • No emergencies occurred at Polymetal’s TSFs during 2022. (More information about all our hydraulic structures is included in the updated Tailing Storage Facility Management Report published in 2022 on our website). • Varvara has become the first company in Kazakhstan (and third in Polymetal) to be certified in full compliance under the International Cyanide Management Code by the International Cyanide Management Institute (ICMI). The Group continually evaluates whether the current measures are sufficient and effective, develops action plans, and reviews and implements procedures that expose any deviations at every stage of an operation’s life-cycle. In addition, our environmental teams at each site promptly deal with any community enquiries regarding environmental impact of production on local ecosystems. Risk key 1 Except for Nezhda where the EMS was implemented in line with the standard but has not yet been certified as the operation was only launched in the end of 2021. 104 Polymetal International plc Integrated Annual Report & Accounts 2022 Risk level Risk exposure trend Low 2022 – No change Medium New principal risk High 2022 – Increased Extreme 2022 – Decreased Financial statements Preventive control and mitigation We ensure that all environmental concerns are taken into account and properly addressed during the design, construction, operation and closure stages of mines and processing facilities. We are engaged in multifaceted measures to both mitigate environmental risks and, where possible, to improve ecological conditions around our sites along with continuous monitoring of our activities. This includes the following: • The Company’s Environmental Management System is certified for compliance with ISO 14001 at all operating sites.¹ The Company confirms compliance with the requirements of the standard each year through an environmental impact assessment reviewed by the regulator. • Each operation regularly identifies and assesses environmental risks with consolidated data analysed to evaluate the level of the Company’s principal environmental risk. This includes monitoring changes in environmental laws, standards and best practice, as well as environmental monitoring. • The Company continuously reduces its fresh water use and monitors discharge water quality to minimise its impact on local water bodies. • Each new project is assessed for its proximity and potential impact on key biodiversity areas before making an investment decision. Periodic biodiversity monitoring is used to track our impact on species around existing sites. • Each tailings storage facility (TSF) is rigorously monitored and inspected to ensure ongoing control. External experts with appropriate global experience are engaged to undertake regular, independent safety reviews of our TSFs. Our studies confirm that an emergency failure at our dams would have no impact on settlements, buildings, structures or facilities where communities or employees may be present. To further improve tailings safety, the Company is shifting its operations to dry-stacking technology. • The Company implements a Cyanide Management System to identify and minimise the risks of potential negative effects of cyanide on the environment and the health of employees. For a description of emerging climatechange risks, refer to page 110. Link to strategy: Governance Risk description and potential effect By the nature of its production processes, the Company has an impact on the environment. The main environmental risks are emissions (emissions and discharges) of pollutants, incidents at tailings storage facilities, explosives storage and water treatment facilities. Environmental risk factors include natural ones: climatic, atmospheric, hydrogeological, geological, etc. Environmental risk realisation may lead to financial expenses, such as fines and penalties, excess payments, environmental restoration costs and statutory liability, and an increase in social and environmental tension. Risk exposure trend: Strategic report Sustainability risks continued Link to strategy Meaningful organic growth Global leadership in refractory ore processing Maintaining robust liquidity and balance sheet High standards of ESG through impact assessment The order in which the risks are presented is not relevant to their significance. Polymetal International plc Integrated Annual Report & Accounts 2022 105 Risk management continued 8. Legal and compliance risk Risk level: Risk exposure trend: 10. Taxation risk Risk level: Link to strategy: Risk level: Risk description and potential effect Russian and Kazakhstan tax laws are subject to frequent changes and allow for varying interpretations. As a result, the Group management’s interpretation of the tax laws applicable to the Group’s operations and activities may be challenged by relevant tax authorities. The Group continues to monitor the progress on the OECD’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) action plan, including the global corporate taxation system reform relating to the income of multinational enterprises, in order to assess its impact and, if necessary, adapt it in all countries in which the Group operates. The Group carries out its activities in several jurisdictions and this gives rise to complex rules of transfer pricing that are linked with uncertainty and subjectivity. Preventive control and mitigation Our approach includes constant monitoring and analysis of changes in Russian, Kazakhstan and international tax laws, law-enforcement practice and recommendations of supervisory authorities. The Group takes due account of current court practice and applies appropriate methodological guidance and administrative controls. The Group reviews existing controls for their sufficiency and adapts them if necessary. In order to enhance methodological and administrative control over tax management, the Group introduced a transfer pricing methodology, which complies with the requirements of OECD and local standards. The Group updates the procedure each year to ensure that operations between Group companies are based on commercial terms. To date, the Group is not aware of any significant outstanding tax claims, which could lead to additional taxes accrued in the future (beyond amounts already booked or disclosed in the Group’s financial statements). The Group applies a conservative approach to provisions for probable tax liabilities. Principal areas of focus in 2022 There were no changes in tax legislation in the countries where the Group operates during the reporting period that could lead to significant change in the tax burden for the Group in 2022. At the same time, significant amendments to Kazakhstan’s tax legislation were adopted in 2022 and came into force on 1 January 2023. The key change for the Group is a 50% increase in the MET rate for exchange-traded metals. A further update in the Kazakhstan Tax Code is also planned for 2023. However, a more difficult geopolitical situation in 2023 could potentially lead to a number of measures aimed at tightening fiscal policies in Russia and to an increase in the tax burden. No specific initiatives have been released yet. The Group does not currently have any information, other than the above, on any specific changes in tax laws that might lead to a significant increase in the Group’s tax burden. Risk exposure trend: Appendices 9. Political risk Principal areas of focus in 2022 In 2022, the Company maintained its overall approach, which is aimed at ongoing monitoring and enhancement of compliance processes. These included a comprehensive analysis and revision of existing policies and procedures, development and implementation of new guidelines, and the introduction and maintenance of appropriate controls, including on international sanctions regulations and counter-sanctions. Legal and compliance risk was upgraded from medium to high due to the complex regulation on international sanctions and Russian counter-sanctions. In particular, Russia has adopted its own set of countersanctions measures including sanctioning persons and entities within so-called “unfriendly” countries. Specifically, on 7 March 2022 Jersey was included on the “Unfriendly Countries List” under Russian law. The severity of the counter-sanctions against entities incorporated in Unfriendly Jurisdictions are significant and significantly limit the Company’s present ability to perform any type of corporate restructuring, as are the penalties for breach. Link to strategy: Risk description and potential effect Operating in Kazakhstan and Russia involves some risk of political instability, which may include changes in government, negative policy shifts and civil unrest. Financial and economic international sanctions and counter-sanctions as well as the high level of geopolitical tensions and macroeconomic uncertainty affected the Group’s business processes to varying degrees, given the correlation of different risk factors as a part of the Group’s principal risks profile and, in particular, reflected on the Company’s share price, supply chain and sales channels operation, capital flows and ability of the Group to secure external financing. Preventive control and mitigation The Group actively monitors political developments on an ongoing basis. However, the geopolitical and macroeconomic situation is out of management’s control. The Company has implemented appropriate policies and procedures for sanctions compliance within the Group, which are now an integral part of our risk management process. Proactive engagement with existing and potential lenders and diversification of lending counterparties enables the Company to maintain larger cash balances and extend maturities on existing borrowings. The Company has progressed the evaluation of a potential re-domiciliation of the parent company, Polymetal International plc, to a jurisdiction deemed to be “friendly” by the Russian Federation, a move which could unblock the ability to execute further corporate actions. 106 Polymetal International plc Integrated Annual Report & Accounts 2022 Principal areas of focus in 2022 During 2022, none of the Group’s entities nor its significant shareholders were subject to the US, UK and EU sanctions. Polymetal also believes that targeted sanctions on the Company remain unlikely. However, international sanctions and counter-sanctions had pervasive impacts across a range of principal risks, including supply chain, production, construction and development, legal and compliance, market and liquidity. For the purpose of addressing sanctionrelated restrictions, the Company reacted promptly and applied appropriate mitigation measures. This allowed the Group to achieve its production targets, establish new sales channels, secure the procurement of operational consumables and equipment, carry out mid-term development projects in line with revised schedules, diversify its debt portfolio and ensure sufficient liquidity. The scope and impact of any new sanctions (and any counter-sanctions) is yet unknown. However, they might further affect the macroeconomic situation in Russia and, consequently, mining companies. Potential sanctions and regulatory developments are constantly monitored. The Board of Directors receives appropriate updates on a timely basis. Financial statements Preventive control and mitigation We have a successful track record of operating in Russian and Kazakhstan jurisdictions. The Group has implemented monitoring and compliance-control procedures related to applicable laws, regulatory requirements and guidance, 
