. RISK FACTORS Cautionary Statement for Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 This report contains forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. Our forward-looking statements express our current expectations or forecasts of possible future results or events, including projections of earnings and other financial performance measures, statements of management s expectations regarding our strategic, operational and capital allocation plans and objectives, management s views on economic, industry, competitive, technological and regulatory conditions and other forecasts of trends and other matters. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this filing, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise such statements to reflect new circumstances or unanticipated events as they occur. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historic or current facts and often use words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, believe, will, outlook, project, may, can, plan, target, potential, should and other words and expressions of similar meaning. No assurance can be given that the expected results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved, and actual results may differ materially from those anticipated due to one or more factors, including the risks described below in this Item 1A, below in Item 7 of this Form 10-K and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves multiple risks and uncertainties. Certain factors that may affect our business and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement are described below. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the events described below were to occur, our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected and the price of our common stock could decline. The risks discussed below are not the only risks we face. Other risks or uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe are immaterial, may emerge or materially affect our business if they occur. Further, our business may also be affected by additional factors that generally apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally, which we have not included below. Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions or Events The demand for our products may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions and changes in discretionary consumer spending. Demand for our products is subject to fluctuations and is difficult to predict, often due to factors outside of our control. Discretionary consumer spending significantly affects our sales and is impacted by a variety of factors, including changes in general economic conditions, the housing market, unemployment rates, wage levels, interest rate fluctuations, inflation, disposable income levels, consumer confidence and access to credit. Any material decline in discretionary consumer spending could reduce our sales and harm our business. In times of economic uncertainty, the demand for swimming pool, irrigation, landscape and related outdoor living products typically declines, often corresponding with declines in discretionary consumer spending. Currently, we estimate that approximately 64% of our net sales are derived from maintenance and minor repair products, while approximately 22% of our sales are derived from products used to remodel, renovate, and upgrade pools. However, the growth in these portions of our business depends on the expansion of the installed pool base, which has been and could in the future be adversely affected by decreases in construction activities, similar to the trends experienced since the latter half of 2022. Economic weakness or uncertainty may also cause consumers to defer discretionary replacement, renovation and upgrade activity. Even in generally favorable economic conditions, severe or prolonged downturns in the housing market could have a material adverse impact on our financial performance. Such downturns expose us to certain additional risks, including but not limited to the risk of customer closures or bankruptcies, which could shrink our potential customer base and inhibit our ability to collect on those customers receivables. We believe that homeowners access to consumer credit at attractive interest rates is a critical factor enabling the purchase of new pools, irrigation systems and outdoor living products and to a lesser extent, major renovations and remodel projects. Unfavorable economic conditions or a downturn in the housing market could result in a significant tightening of credit markets, which can limit the ability of consumers to access financing for these purchases. 12 Discretionary spending is often adversely affected during times of economic, social or political uncertainty, whether caused by health threats, man-made or natural disasters, technological change or other similar events discussed below in this Item 1A. Likewise, new pool construction and major remodeling projects over the past few years have decreased, impacted by higher interest rates and inflation, increased economic uncertainties, tightened consumer credit and fewer new housing developments. These events could create uncertainties that negatively impact our business in ways that we cannot presently predict. Catastrophic events or societal unrest could adversely impact our operations. An outbreak of disease or similar public health threat, terrorism and other acts of violence, wars, rioting, labor strife, civil disturbances, societal unrest, geopolitical tensions or political instability could negatively impact us directly by interfering with our ability to operate due to adverse impacts on our workforce, supply chain or operations or indirectly by depressing macroeconomic conditions. Our customers could also encounter hardships that negatively impact their ability to make timely payments to us or to continue doing business with us. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry We are susceptible to adverse weather conditions, which could intensify as a result of changing climate patterns. Given the nature of our business, weather is one of the principal external factors affecting our business and the effect of seasonality has a significant impact on our results. In 2025, we generated 61% of our net sales and 78% of our operating income in the second and third quarters of the year. These quarters represent the peak months of swimming pool use, pool and irrigation installation and maintenance activities. Unfavorable weather during these quarters in our largest geographic regions can significantly affect our results, as further described in Seasonality and Weather in Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Natural disasters and other significant weather events can create more variability in our reported results in the short term or otherwise adversely impact our sales or operations. Drought conditions or water management initiatives may lead to government-imposed water use restrictions or an increase in the number of homeowners unwilling to construct or maintain a pool. Such restrictions could result in decreased pool and irrigation system installations which could negatively impact our sales. Certain extreme weather events and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, tropical storms, floods, intense storms, drought, wildfires and extreme heat, may adversely impact us in several ways, including interfering with our ability to deliver our products and services, interfering with our receipt of supplies from our vendors, reducing demand for our products and services, and damaging our facilities. In the past, we have experienced short-term impacts on our sales due to closures from weather events such as Hurricanes Francine, Helene and Milton in 2024. Similar events in the future could result in similar short-term impacts or potentially result in more severe damage to our business. The areas in which we operate, including Florida, California, Texas and other coastal areas, have experienced, and are expected to continue to experience, natural disasters and extreme weather events. The physical effects of changing climate patterns may increase the frequency or severity of natural disasters and extreme weather events in the future, which would increase our exposure to these risks. For additional discussion regarding seasonality and weather, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations, of this Form 10-K. Our distribution business is highly dependent on our ability to maintain favorable and stable relationships with suppliers. As a distribution company, maintaining favorable relationships with our suppliers is critical to our success. We believe that we add considerable value to the swimming pool and irrigation supply chains by purchasing products from a large number of manufacturers and distributing the products to a highly fragmented customer base on conditions that are more favorable than these customers could obtain on their own. We believe that we currently enjoy good relationships with our suppliers, who generally offer us competitive pricing, return policies and promotional allowances. However, any failure to maintain favorable relationships with our suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business. Our largest suppliers are Pentair plc, Zodiac Pool Systems, Inc. and Hayward Holdings, Inc., which accounted for 20%, 12% and 11%, respectively, of the costs of products we sold in 2025. A decision by our largest suppliers, acting individually or in concert, to sell their products directly to retailers or other end users, bypassing distribution companies like ours, would have an adverse effect on our business. Additionally, if our suppliers experience difficulties or disruptions in their operations, if there is any material interruption in our supply 13 chain or if we lose any significant supplier due to financial failure or any other reason, we may experience increased supply costs or delays in establishing replacement supply sources that meet our quality and control standards, which may affect our profitability. We purchase many of our products from suppliers pursuant to vendor arrangements that entitle us under certain conditions to receive rebates. These rebates effectively reduce the costs of our products. Rebate arrangements are subject to renegotiation with our suppliers from time to time. If we fail to qualify for these rebates or are unable to renew rebate programs at desirable terms, or a supplier materially reduces or stops offering rebates, our costs could increase substantially, and our gross margin and net income could be materially adversely affected. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality and safety could damage our reputation, expose us to litigation and negatively impact our financial performance. We rely on a global network of manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with the products we distribute. To succeed, we must continue to maintain effective business relationships with qualified suppliers who can timely and efficiently supply us with high quality products. Our proprietary and exclusive brand products we distribute also expose us to potential liability claims. Product and service quality issues could negatively impact customer confidence in our brands and our business. If our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks, including litigation, governmental enforcement actions and costly product recalls. Similar concerns impacting our competitors could damage the reputation of our industry and indirectly have an unfavorable impact on our operations. We face intense competition both from within our industry and from other leisure product alternatives. Within our industry, we directly compete against national, regional and local distributors for the business of pool owners and other end-use customers. We indirectly compete against store-based mass market retailers and large pool or irrigation supply retailers as they purchase the majority of their supplies directly from manufacturers. We compete to a lesser extent with internet retailers, as they purchase the majority of their supplies from distributors. Outside of our industry, we compete indirectly with alternative suppliers of big-ticket discretionary leisure or homeowner products, such as boat and motor home distributors and with other home and backyard remodelers. We may not be able to compete effectively against our competitors and other leisure and homeowner product alternatives, which could have an adverse impact on our business. New competitors may emerge as there are low barriers to entry in our industry, which has led to highly competitive markets consisting of various-sized entities, ranging from small or local operators to large regional businesses. If our customers are attracted by the alternatives afforded by any of our competitors, they may be less inclined to purchase products or services from us, impacting our results of operations. Given the density and demand for pool products, some geographic markets that we serve also tend to have a higher concentration of competitors than others, particularly California, Florida, Texas and Arizona. These states encompass our four largest markets and represented approximately 53% of our net sales in 2025. The entry of significant new competitors into these markets could negatively impact our sales. We may also be unable to market and sell products if they are not competitive, including on the basis of price, quality, technical performance, ease of use, availability, delivery timing and reliability. Competitive pressures may limit our ability to maintain or raise prices, and an inability to maintain revenue or raise prices to offset increases in costs could have a significant adverse effect on our gross margin. More aggressive competition by store- and internet-based mass merchants and large pool or irrigation supply retailers could adversely affect our sales. We face competition from both store-based and internet-based mass market retailers, which have greater scale and bargaining power than us. Today these retailers carry a limited range of, and devote a limited amount of shelf space to, merchandise and products targeted to our industry. Historically, mass market retailers have generally expanded by adding new stores and products, but their offering of pool and irrigation related products has remained relatively constant. Should store and internet-based mass market retailers increase their focus on the pool or irrigation industries or increase the breadth of their pool and irrigation and related product offerings, they would likely become a more significant competitor for our direct customers and end-use consumers, which could have an adverse impact on our business. Additionally, because the internet facilitates competitive entry, online ordering, price transparency and comparison 14 shopping, increased internet transactions by us or our customers or competitors could increase the level of competition we face, reduce our margins or reduce our customers reliance on us. Further, we may face additional competitive pressures if large pool or irrigation supply retailers look to expand their customer base to compete more directly with us. We depend on our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel. We consider our employees to be the foundation for our growth and success. As such, our future success depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. This includes succession planning related to our executive officers and key management personnel. Hiring and retaining such qualified individuals may be adversely impacted by several factors, including (i) uncertainties regarding general economic conditions or industry conditions, (ii) our failure to offer competitive compensation and (iii) increased competition for qualified individuals. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our operating results could be adversely affected. Given the seasonal nature of our business, we may hire additional employees during the summer months, including seasonal and part-time employees, who generally are not employed during the off-season. If we are unable to attract and hire additional personnel during the peak season, our operating results could be negatively impacted. Additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages to attract and retain a sufficient number of employees. Inflation and other events over the past few years have increased employees expectations regarding compensation and benefits and workplace flexibility. These developments have made it more difficult and costly for us to attract and retain top talent. While we do not expect these developments to have a material adverse impact on us, we can provide no assurances to this effect. Past growth may not be indicative of future growth. Historically, we have experienced substantial sales growth through organic market share gains, new sales center openings, expanded product offerings and acquisitions that have increased our size, scope and geographic footprint. Our various business strategies and initiatives, including our growth initiatives, are subject to business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. While we contemplate continued growth through internal expansion and acquisitions, no assurance can be made as to our ability to: penetrate new markets; generate sufficient cash flows to support expansion plans and general operating activities; obtain financing; identify appropriate acquisition candidates and successfully integrate acquired businesses; identify appropriate locations for new sales centers and successfully integrate them into our network; maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships; and identify and close or consolidate locations or divest assets which no longer meet our objectives. If we do not successfully manage these potential difficulties or successfully execute our business strategies and initiatives, our operating results could be adversely affected. We are subject to inventory management risks. Insufficient inventory may result in lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may negatively impact our gross margin. We strive to balance the need to maintain inventory levels that are sufficient to maximize operational efficiencies and minimize potential supply chain constraints against the risk of inventory obsolescence due to changing consumer preferences and fluctuating commodity prices. To successfully manage our inventories, we must estimate demand from our customers and purchase products that substantially correspond to consumer demand, which depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences. If we overestimate demand and purchase too much of a particular product, we face a risk that the price of that product will fall, leaving us with inventory that we cannot sell at optimal profit margins. In addition, we may have to write down such inventory if we are unable to sell it for its recorded value. If we underestimate demand and purchase insufficient quantities of products, inventory shortages could result in delayed revenue or loss of sales opportunities altogether as potential customers turn to competitors products that are readily available. If we maintain insufficient inventory levels and prices rise for these products, we could be forced to purchase products at higher prices and forego profitability in order to meet customer demand. Our business, financial condition and 15 results of operations could be negatively impacted if we fail to (i) timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns and swimming pool, irrigation, landscape and related outdoor living products needs, (ii) accurately forecast demand for these products or (iii) successfully manage our inventories. Changes in our customer base or customer preferences could change the mix of products we sell and reduce our profitability. Changes in our customer base could impact our revenues or gross margin, reducing our profitability. Our business could be adversely impacted if (i) consolidation of our customers leads to changes in purchasing habits, (ii) more people choose to live in urban settings, rented space or housing complexes with a single community pool or (iii) more homeowners bypass our customers by directly purchasing their own supplies or undertaking their own improvement projects. Our gross margins vary across our products and can change over time due to a variety of factors, including changes in the mix of products we sell. We derive higher revenues or profits from certain of our products compared to others. If customers or end-users opt to use an increased amount of lower-revenue or lower-margin products, our results of operations would be adversely affected. Risks Relating to Technology, Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence and Data Privacy We rely on information technology systems to support our business operations. A significant disruption, breach or cybersecurity attack of our technological infrastructure could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Information technology supports several aspects of our business, including among others, transaction processing, customer service, pricing, product sourcing, inventory management, financial reporting, collections and cost management. Our ability to operate effectively on a day-to-day basis, communicate with our customers and accurately report our results depends on a reliable technological infrastructure, which is inherently susceptible to internal and external threats. We are vulnerable to interruption, including by fire, natural disaster, extreme weather events, power loss, telecommunication failures, internet failures, security breaches and other catastrophic events. Exposure to various types of cyber-attacks such as malware, computer viruses, worms, ransomware, social engineering or other malicious acts, as well as human error, could also potentially disrupt our operations, result in a significant interruption in the delivery of our goods and services or result in the loss of sensitive data. We are making, and expect to continue to make, investments in technology to maintain and update our computer systems and to expand our ability to engage in e-commerce with our customers. We may experience delays in making these updates and may not implement these changes as quickly or successfully as our customers expect, or as quickly or successfully as changes implemented by our competitors. In addition, implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. The potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives or conversions, as well as providing training and support for those initiatives, could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency. Advances in computer and software capabilities, encryption technology and other discoveries increase the complexity of our technological environment, including how each interact with our various software platforms. Such advances could delay or hinder our ability to process transactions or could compromise the integrity of our data, resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We also may experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our information systems unavailable or slow to respond, including the interaction of our information systems with those of third parties or the failure of software provided by third parties that we do not control. A lack of sophistication or reliability of our information systems could adversely impact our operations and customer service and could require major repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs and foregone revenue. Increasing complexity of technology could increase our cost of doing business. We devote significant resources to protect our systems and data from cyber-attacks. Refer to 
