 Report, the Diversity & Inclusion units who manage all sustainability-related projects with clear Statement and the non-financial Statements. deliverables and KPIs. It is steered by a senior leader responsible for Reputation and Sustainability within Corporate Affairs. Detailed non-financial figures can be found in the Environmental and Social Statements. This year we enhanced the governance process by integrating the sustainability impact into every file or initiative that comes on the The progress towards assessing EU taxonomy alignment and agenda of the Executive Committee Meetings. Our sustainability implementing the recommendations of the Task Force on ambitions are reflected in the STI KPIs, more details can be found Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) is explained in in the remuneration report on page 116. the non-financial Statements. Further corporate governance, compliance and risk management The #inspire2022 strategy ambitions and 2021 achievements information related to sustainability can be found in the can be found in the second chapter. Deviation from the 2020 Corporate Governance Code Proximus complies with the 2020 Corporate Governance Code Belgian State as majority shareholder, the company opts not to except for two deviations. introduce share-related remuneration at this stage. Provision 7.6 stipulates that a non-executive board member For the same reason Proximus is not compliant with provision 7.9 should receive part of his remuneration in the form of shares in that stipulates that the Board should set a minimum threshold of the company. Because of its specific shareholdership, having the shares to be held by the executives. Conflict of interest A general policy on conflict of interest applies within the company. the Board of Directors of 25 February 2021 to have a conflict of It prohibits the possession of financial interests that may affect interest in connection with his performance evaluation for 2020, personal judgment or professional tasks to the detriment of the item on the agenda of that Board meeting. Proximus Group. In execution of article 7:97, §1 of the Belgian Code of Companies On 24 February 2011, the Board adopted a “related party and Associations, decisions or transactions in execution of a transactions policy” which was updated in September 2016, decision of the Board of Directors of a listed company that concern which governs all transactions or other contractual relationships a related party are subject to a special procedure. This is the case between the company and its Board members. for the agreement by which Proximus becomes a business inducer for Banx banking service powered by Belfius. Such decisions or In accordance with article 7:96 of the Belgian Code of Companies transactions have been submitted to a prior assessment by a and Associations, the CEO, Mr. Guillaume Boutin declared during committee of three independent directors. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 88 In accordance with the article 7:96 combined with article 7:97 Proximus has contractual relationships and provides also of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations, the Board telephony, Internet, digital and/or ICT services to many of the members representing the Belgian State did not take part in the companies in which Board members have an executive or non- deliberation and decision on the item Banx Project, item on the executive mandate. These transactions take place in the ordinary agenda of the Board of Directors meeting of 29 April 2021. course of business and at arm’s length. Activities Report of the Board and Committee meetings In 2021, nine meetings of the Board of Directors were held, A list with the attendance of the members is included in the five meetings of the Audit & Compliance Committee, six of Remuneration report. the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and two of the Transformation & Innovation Committee. Insider trading and market manipulation (market abuse) In order to comply with legislation on insider trading and market key persons is kept, and all Directors and key employees were manipulation, Proximus adopted a Dealing Code prior to requested to sign an affidavit that they had read, understood the Initial Public Offering. This Code aims to create awareness and agreed to comply with the Dealing Code. Closed periods about possible improper conduct by employees, officers and (including prohibited periods) are defined and any deal must be Directors and possible sanctions. This Dealing Code has been communicated to and cleared by the Director Internal Audit & Risk widely communicated and is available to all employees. A list of Management before transaction (see “Compliance” section). Evaluation of the Board The Board of Directors organized a self-assessment at the end of 2021 together with external partner Guberna. This evaluation will be concluded in 2022. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 89 Executive Committee Chief Executive Officer In its meeting of November 27, 2019, the Board appointed Mr. The contract of Mr. Guillaume Boutin is a renewable six-year fixed Guillaume Boutin as new CEO. The CEO is entrusted with day- term contract that started on 1 December 2019. to-day management and reports to the Board of Directors. The Board has moreover delegated broad powers to the CEO. The AGM of 15 April 2020 extended his mandate as Board member until the AGM to be held in 2024. Executive Committee members The members of the Executive Committee are appointed and Name Age Position dismissed by the Board of Directors at the proposal of the CEO, after consultation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee. Jim Casteele 50 Chief Consumer Market officer Anne-Sophie Lotgering 47 Chief Enterprise Market Officer The powers of the Executive Committee are determined by Dirk Lybaert 61 Chief Corporate Affairs Officer and Secretary General the CEO. The Executive Committee’s role is to assist the CEO Antonietta Mastroianni1 48 Chief Digital & IT Officer in the exercise of his duties. Mark Reid 2 50 Chief Financial Officer The Executive Committee aims to decide by consensus, but in Geert Standaert 51 Chief Technology Officer the event of disagreement, the view of the CEO will prevail. Renaud Tilmans 53 Chief Customer Operations Officer Jan Van Acoleyen 59 Chief Human Resources Officer The Executive Committee generally meets on a weekly basis. 1 Antonietta Mastroianni joined Proximus in April 2021 In 2021, the Executive Committee, in addition to the CEO, 2 Mark Reid joined Proximus in May 2021 was composed of the following members: Diversity at the Executive Committee The diversity characteristics for the Executive Committee can be visualized as follows: 2 French 2 women 5 Belgian Gender Nationality 7 men 1 Italian 1 Scottish Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 90 Board of Auditors Composition The Board of Auditors of the company is composed as follows: are responsible for the audit of the consolidated financial • Deloitte Auditors SRL, represented by Mr. Geert Verstraeten statements of Proximus and its subsidiaries. Deloitte Auditors SRL also Chairman of the Board of Auditors is also responsible for the review of non-financial performance • Mr. Jan Debucquoy, Member of the Court of Auditors indicators. • Mr. Pierre Rion, Member of the Court of Auditors (until 3 February 2021) The other members of the Board of Auditors are, together • Mr. Dominique Guide, Member of the Court of Auditors with Deloitte, entrusted with the audit of the non-consolidated (as of 3 February 2021) financial statements of Proximus as parent company. • CDP Petit & Co SRL, represented by Mr. Damien Petit. The mandates of Deloitte Auditors SRL and CDP Petit & Co SRL Deloitte Auditors SRL, represented by Mr. Geert Verstraeten will expire at the annual General Shareholders Meeting in 2022. and CDP Petit & Co SRL, represented by Mr. Damien Petit Additional fees paid to the auditors In accordance with the provisions of article 3:65 §2 of the Belgian Amount spent by the Group for non-mandate fees for Code of Companies and Associations, Proximus declares the Deloitte Auditors CRL supplementary fees that it granted during the 2021 financial year (in €) Auditor Network of auditor to two auditors, members of the Joint Auditors: Deloitte Auditors SRL and CDP Petit & Co SRL. Other mandatory 171,370.88 875,000 audit missions Tax advice The Group spent an amount of € 1,144,052.79 during the year 2021 for non-mandate fees for Deloitte Auditors SRL, the Group’s Other missions 55,436.10 42,245.81 auditors. This amount is detailed as follows Total 226,806.98 917,245.81 The Group also spent an amount of € 1,618 during the year 2021 Amount spent by the Group for non-mandate fees for for non-mandate fees paid to CDP Petit & Co SRL. This amount is CDP Petit & Co SRL detailed as follows: (in €) Auditor Other mandatory 1,618 audit missions Tax advice Other missions Total 1,618 Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 91 Members of the Board of Directors Guillaume Boutin Mr. Guillaume Boutin has been Chief Executive Officer since 1st December 2019 and presides over the Executive Committee of Proximus. He is Chairman of the Board of Directors of BICS and TeleSign, as well as member of the Proximus Art Board. Previously, Mr. Boutin joined the Proximus Executive Committee as Chief Consumer Market Officer in August 2017. Mr. Boutin started his career joining a web start-up. He then joined SFR where he successively held various positions in strategy, finance and marketing until he joined Canal+ Group in 2015 as Chief Marketing Officer. He holds a “baccalauréat scientifique”, followed by a degree in telecommunications engineering (Telecom Sud Paris “Programme Grande Ecole”, 1997) and a degree from HEC Paris, “Programme Grande Ecole”, obtained in 1999. Stefaan De Clerck Mr. Stefaan De Clerck is Chairman of the Proximus Board of Directors since 20 September 2013. He chairs the Proximus Joint Committee, the Proximus Pension Fund and the Proximus Art ASBL/VZW. He is board member of the Proximus Foundation and of Connectimmo. He is also member of the Orientation Council of Euronext, of the Strategic Committee of FEB/VBO, of the BBR (Benelux Business Roundtable) and of the Bureau of Eurometropole Lille-Kortrijk-Tournai. Before Proximus, he served as a Member of the Belgian Parliament from October 1990 until October 2013. From June 1995 until April 1998 and from December 2008 until December 2011 he was the Belgian Minister of Justice. From 1999 until 2003 he was President of CD&V, the Flemish Christian- Democratic Party. He was the Mayor of the city of Kortrijk (Belgium) from January 2001 until end-December 2012. Mr. De Clerck holds a Master’s degree in Law from the Catholic University of Leuven. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 92 Karel De Gucht Mr. Karel De Gucht, State Minister, was the European Commissioner for Trade from February 2010 until 31 October 2014, where he was pivotal in negotiating, concluding and managing several European Free Trade and Investment Agreements worldwide. Previously he served as Belgium’s Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2004 to 2009, Deputy Prime Minister from 2008 to 2009, and as European Commissioner for International Cooperation, Humanitarian Aid and Crisis Response from 2009 to 2010. Currently he is the President of the Brussels School of Governance at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel (VUB) – his alma mater (Masters of Laws, 1976) and where he teaches European Law. He serves as a Director on the Boards of ArcelorMittal SA, of EnergyVision, Youston (Chair), Sprimoglass and is a Member of the Advisory Board of CVC Capital Partners. He is also the manager of La Macinaia, a family-run wine producing company in the Chianti region (Italy). Pierre Demuelenaere Until 31 August 2015, Mr. Pierre Demuelenaere was President and CEO of IRIS (Image Recognition Integrated Systems), a company he co-founded in 1987 to commercialize the results of his PhD. Mr. Demuelenaere has more than 30 years of experience in Imaging and Artificial Intelligence. He has accumulated solid experience in technology company management, R&D management and setting up international partnerships with US and Asian companies (HP, Kodak, Adobe, Fujitsu, Samsung, Canon, etc.). Throughout the years, he remained very involved in defining the R&D vision of IRIS and contributed to the development of new technologies, new products and the filing of a large number of patents. In 2013, Mr. Demuelenaere successfully negotiated the acquisition of IRIS Group by Canon. The company has now become a member of the Canon Group. Mr. Demuelenaere holds a Civil Engineering degree in Microelectronics from the UCLouvain and received his PhD in Applied Sciences in 1987. He has received the “2001 Manager of the Year” award and the “2002 Entrepreneur of the Year” award. In 2008, Data News elected him “ICT personality of the year”. Amongst his other activities, in 2018 and 2019, he was Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO ad interim of EVS Broadcast Equipment. He is also member of the Board of Directors of Guberna and Tessares, as wel as Professor of management at the UCLouvain. He served for 7 years as a director on the Board of BSB, an insurance and banking software company, plus 23 years on the Board of Pairi Daiza and for 10 years on the Board of e-capital, a Venture Capital Fund. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 93 Martin De Prycker Mr. Martin De Prycker is a managing partner of the Qbic Fund, an inter-university fund of 100 million euro, supporting university spin-off companies in Belgium. Mr. De Prycker was CEO of Barco between 2002 and 2009. Under his leadership he focused on, and made the company grow in markets using displays such as the medical, digital cinema, control and airline industry, and spinning off the non-core product lines such as graphics, textile and subcontracting. Prior to that, he was CTO and member of the Executive Committee of Alcatel-Lucent. Before becoming CTO of Alcatel-Lucent, Mr. De Prycker was responsible for establishing the company’s worldwide market leadership in the broadband access market. Under his leadership, ADSL was transformed from a research project into a multi-billion dollar business for Alcatel-Lucent. Between 2009 and 2013 Mr. De Prycker was CEO of Caliopa, a startup of UGent/IMEC in silicon photonics, allowing the transport of hundreds of Gbps on optical fiber. Caliopa was acquired by Huawei in 2013. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of several companies, including EVS, Sentiance, Molecubes, Morrow and Faktion and Chairman of the Board of Calltic and Arkite. Mr. De Prycker holds a Ph.D. in Computer Sciences, a Master of Science in Electronics from the University of Ghent, as well as an MBA from the University of Antwerp. Martine Durez Mrs. Martine Durez served as Chief Financial and Accounting Officer at bpost until January 2006, when she became Chairman of the Board, a position she held until June 2014. She is a member of the Board of Directors of several companies, including EthiasCo and SNCB (Belgian Railways). Mrs. Durez was also Professor of Financial Management and Analysis at the University of Mons-Hainaut until 2000. She has also served as a member of the High Council of Corporate Auditors and the Committee of Accounting Standards and as a special emissary at the Cabinet for Communication and State Companies. She has been a member of the Royal Academy of Belgium (Technology and Society Action) since 2010. She served as a regent of the National Bank of Belgium. Mrs. Durez graduated as a Commercial Engineer and holds a PhD in Applied Economics from the University of Brussels (ULB). Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 94 Ibrahim Ouassari Mr. Ibrahim Ouassari is the founder and CEO of MolenGeek. After an atypical and self-taught career in technology, Ibrahim has established himself as an accomplished consultant in the sector since 1999. He then left the consulting industry to launch his entrepreneurial career with several companies and worked with clients from some of the largest and most renowned companies. It was his experience that led him to launch MolenGeek in May 2015, an inclusive international technological ecosystem that makes the “TechWorld” accessible. It is at that moment that Ibrahim took up one of his greatest challenges: to merge two worlds that do not meet. On the one hand, unsuspected talents from working-class neighborhoods and on the other hand, the world of technology. MolenGeek is an international solution that brings new perspectives to thousands of young people. Ibrahim combined his entrepreneurial tech experience and his knowledge of the field to reveal talents by introducing them to new technologies. He is supported by the greatest names in the tech industry, cited in Davos by Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, after his visit to MolenGeek, and was also selected by the latter in WIRED UK as “innovator who is building a better future for 2021”. Google, Facebook, Salesforce, Amazon, Vmware or even Proximus are investing in MolenGeek. In 2018 Ibrahim was part as an expert of Horizon 2020 NMBP Advisory Group for DG Research & Innovation of the European Commission, whose mission is to help us notably to ensure impact of the R&I investments 2021-2027 in the fields of industrial technologies and improve societal involvement. Catherine Rutten Mrs. Catherine Rutten is Vice-President International, Government Affairs & Public Policy at Vertex Pharmaceuticals since 1 July 2020. From September 2013 till end of June 2020 she was CEO of pharma.be, the association of innovative biopharmaceutical companies in Belgium. From 2003 to 2013 she has been Member of the Council of the Belgian Institute for Postal Services and Telecommunications, the Belgian regulator for electronic communications, for the postal market, the electromagnetic spectrum of radio frequencies, and media regulator in the Brussels-Capital Region. Prior to that, she worked as Director Regulatory Affairs at the Belgian branch of BT. She started her career as a lawyer, member of the Brussels Bar, in 1994. She is member of the board of Women on Board. Mrs. Rutten holds a Degree in Law from the University of Leuven and the University of Namur, a LL.M. in intellectual property law from the London School of Economics and Political Science and a LL.M. in European Law from the College of Europe. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 95 Isabelle Santens Mrs. Isabelle Santens was the previous owner and Design Director of Andres NV, a Belgian fashion company that designs, produces and distributes the ladies clothing brands Xandres, Xandres Gold and Hampton Bays. After studying geography and economics at the KUL, she joined Andres NV in 1985, became Director of Design and then CEO in 2000 until she sold the company to a French listed Company in 2016. She turned Andres NV from a mere production-oriented facility into a sales and marketing-driven fashion company with a focus on building strong brands, opening pilot stores and building a strong e-commerce site. She is now active in several boards and in cultural institutions. Joachim Sonne Mr. Joachim Sonne has over 20 years’ experience in Investment Banking. He is currently a Senior Advisor to AustralianSuper and board advisor to a number of technology companies. Until September 2019, Mr. Sonne served as Managing Director and Co-Head of the EMEA Telecom, Media and Technology Advisory Group at J.P. Morgan in London. He joined J.P. Morgan in 1998, worked from 2006 until 2010 in the Communications Group in New York and between 2010 to 2011 for the German mergers and acquisitions practice of J.P. Morgan in Frankfurt. Mr. Sonne graduated with distinction from the European School of Management–EAP, Paris-Oxford-Berlin and holds a European Master of Management, a Diplom-Kaufmann and a Diplôme de Grande Ecole. Agnès Touraine Mrs. Agnès Touraine is CEO of Act III Consultants, a management consulting firm dedicated to digital transformation. Previously, Mrs. Touraine served as Chairman and CEO of Vivendi-Universal Publishing (video games and publishing), a $4.7 billion company, after having spent 10 years with the Lagardère Group as Head of Strategy and CEO of the mass market division and five years with McKinsey. She graduated from Sciences-Po Paris and Columbia University (MBA). She sits on the Boards of Rexel SA, Tarkett SA, GBL, SNCF (since January 2020) and previously Darty Plc as well as Neopost SA. She is also sitting on non-profit organizations board such as The French-American Foundation and IDATE. Until July 2019 she has been Chairwoman of the Board of Directors of IFA (French Governance Institute). Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 96 Catherine Vandenborre Mrs. Catherine Vandenborre is Chief Financial Officer at Elia. Previously, she was a member of the Executive Committee of APX-ENDEX, the Anglo-Dutch gas and electricity exchange based in Amsterdam, and CEO of Belpex. She began her career at Coopers & Lybrand as an auditor. Mrs. Vandenborre is member of various Boards, including Contassur, an insurance company. She holds a degree in Business Economics from the UCL as well as degrees in Tax Law and Financial Risk Management. Luc Van den hove Mr. Luc Van den hove is President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of imec since July 1, 2009. Before holding this position, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. He joined imec in 1984, starting his research career in the field of interconnect technologies. In 1988, he became manager of imec’s micro-patterning group; in 1996, Department Director of Unit Process Step R&D; and in 1998, Vice- President of the Silicon Process and Device Technology Division. In January 2007, he was appointed as imec’s Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer (COO). Under his guidance imec has grown to an organization with a staff of around 5,000 people, operating with an annual budget of around € 700M (2021) and with offices in Belgium, the Netherlands, US, Japan, Taiwan, China and India. Currently, Mr. Van den hove is professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of Leuven. He is also a member of the Technology Strategy Committee of ASML. He has authored or co-authored more than 150 publications and conference contributions. He is a frequently solicited speaker on technology trends and applications for nano-electronics at major top conferences. He has presented more than 50 keynote presentations. Mr. Van den hove received his Ph. D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Leuven, Belgium. Paul Van de Perre Mr. Paul Van de Perre is co-founder of GIMV (a venture capital firm listed on Euronext) and was formerly a director of Sidmar (Arcelor-Mittal), Thomassen Drijver Verblifa Belgium, Sunparks (a division of Pierre & Vacances), Accentis and other companies. He is currently director of Greenbridge Incubator (University of Ghent), Scientific Investment Board (University of Brussels), Member of Future Lab (a subsidiary of bpost) and member of the Investment Committee of Participatie Maatschappij Vlaanderen (PMV), the Welvaartsfonds (PMV) and Parinsu (added value to scale-ups). Mr. Van de Perre is CEO of Five Financial Solutions (a corporate finance house) and Mabys (a consultant in start ups). He is a member of the advisory Board of several high-tech start-ups such as Mu-Design, Coriotech, and Avia-Gis. He holds a Master’s degree in Economics and several postgraduate degrees. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 97 Members of the Executive Committee Guillaume Boutin Mr. Guillaume Boutin has been Chief Executive Officer since 1st December 2019 and presides over the Executive Committee of Proximus. He is Chairman of the Board of Directors of BICS and TeleSign, as well as member of the Proximus Art Board. Previously, Mr. Boutin joined the Proximus Executive Committee as Chief Consumer Market Officer in August 2017. Mr. Boutin started his career joining a web start-up. He then joined SFR where he successively held various positions in strategy, finance and marketing until he joined Canal+ Group in 2015 as Chief Marketing Officer. He holds a “baccalauréat scientifique”, followed by a degree in telecommunications engineering (Telecom Sud Paris “Programme Grande Ecole”, 1997) and a degree from HEC Paris, “Programme Grande Ecole”, obtained in 1999. Jim Casteele Mr. Jim Casteele is Chief Consumer Market Officer of Proximus since March 1st, 2020. He already assumed this post ad interim on 2 December 2019. He started his career at Siemens Atea and joined the former Belgacom Group in 1997. Before being appointed as Director Consumer Products & Solutions and Innovation in January 2017, he held several management and director positions within the Proximus Group in various disciplines such as strategy & innovation, product management, partnerships and pricing. He is Board member of Proximus Luxembourg, and Chairman of the Boards of Proximus Media House, Scarlet Belgium and Mobile Vikings. Mr. Casteele holds a degree as Civil Engineer in Electronics (University of Ghent) as well as a degree in General Management (Vlerick Leuven Ghent Management School). Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 98 Anne-Sophie Lotgering Mrs. Anne-Sophie Lotgering is Proximus’ Chief Enterprise Market Officer since July 2020. Previously, she was Chief Marketing and Digital Officer, Customer Marketing and Innovation at Orange Business Services. During her career with the Orange Group, Anne-Sophie held various senior positions in business-to-business sales, marketing and strategy for more than 15 years. She was also General Manager for Central & Eastern Europe at Microsoft Services. She is Board member of Proximus Luxembourg, Belgian Mobile ID and Chairwoman of Proximus ICT. Mrs. Lotgering is a graduate of the Sorbonne in Paris. Dirk Lybaert Mr. Dirk Lybaert is Chief Corporate Affairs Officer & Secretary General of Proximus and has the following responsibilities: Legal, Regulatory, Public Affairs, Group Communications, Internal Audit & Risk Management, Security Governance & Investigations, Corporate Prevention & Protection, Reputation & Sustainability and Data Protection. Mr. Lybaert was Secretary General of Belgacom from 2005 to 2014. From 1995 until 2007, he was an assistant at the Law Faculty of the University of Brussels for the “Named Contracts” course. From 2000 to 2005 he held different positions within the legal department of Belgacom. Prior to joining Belgacom, Mr. Lybaert served as an officer with the Federal Police, where he reached the position of Lieutenant-Colonel and Director of the Anti-Terrorism Program. Mr. Lybaert is a member of the Board of Directors of BICS, TeleSign, Proximus Foundation, Proximus Art, Proximus Opal and MWingz. He also has external mandates at Aquafin, Bednet and Voka. Mr. Lybaert holds a Master’s degree in Criminology from the University of Ghent, Law from the University of Brussels (VUB) and Business Law from the University of Antwerp, and degrees in Advanced Management and Social and Military Sciences. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 99 Antonietta Mastroianni Mrs. Antonietta Mastroianni is Chief Digital & IT Officer since April 2021. Mrs. Antonietta Mastroianni has been a member of Proximus Executive Committee since April 2021. Before joining Proximus, she was Group CIO and CDIO at the Danish TDC, Head of IT and Business Partner at Swiss Sunrise, and she had several roles in Swisscom and H3G Italy. She is an influential IT leader with 20 years of international Telecom experience in leveraging technology to drive organizational growth, performance and profitability. She focuses on digital and agile transformation, the impact of leading-edge technology on business, technology and product innovation as well as IT and Telco transformation. She has worked in different European countries (Italy, Switzerland, Denmark and Belgium) and is Council Member of Etis, for which she previously acted as Member of the Management Board. Currently she also holds the VC seat in the Board of Directors of Gaia-X. Mrs. Mastroianni studied Computer and Automation Engineering at university of Siena and she is a member of the Order of Engineers of the province of Caserta. Mark Reid Mr. Mark Reid is Proximus’ Chief Financial Officer since May 2021. Before joining Proximus, Mr. Reid served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Central European Region of Liberty Global, based in Zurich for 5 years. Prior to that role he was Deputy CFO at Virgin Media in London also part of the Liberty Global family. He has held Senior Financial roles in International Telecom, Digital Media & Travel companies for over 20 years and has worked in Switzerland, UK & the US. He is Board member of BICS, TeleSign and the Proximus Pension Fund. Mr. Reid holds an Honors Degree in Aeronautical Engineering from Glasgow University. He’s a Chartered Accountant with the certification from the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA). Geert Standaert Mr. Geert Standaert is Chief Technology Officer. He has been a member of the Executive Committee since March 2012. In this function, he currently is responsible for the Network Business Unit, overseeing all Network, Telco Platform & Infrastructure, Service Engineering & Operations for the Group including Carrier & Wholesale activities. Mr. Standaert joined the Group in 1994 and held director positions in various disciplines, including IT, Infrastructure Operations and Data Operations before becoming Vice President Customer Operations in 2007. Mr. Standaert is a member of the Board of Directors of Synductis, Fiberklaar, Unifiber and OLV hospital Aalst. Mr. Standaert holds a Master’s degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Ghent (RUG). Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 100 Renaud Tilmans Mr. Renaud Tilmans joined the Executive Committee as Chief Customer Operations Officer of Proximus in May 2014. In this function, he works with his teams to align procedures and create synergies between the operational after-sales activities of the different Business Units. Mr. Tilmans is also in charge of transversal growth opportunities in the field of eHealth and eEducation. Mr. Tilmans joined Belgacom in 1993. He held various director positions in the field of ICT and networks before becoming Vice President Customer Operations of the Business Unit Service Delivery Engine & Wholesale in 2012. Within the Proximus Group, Mr. Tilmans is since 26 September 2019 Chairman of the Board of Directors of Proximus Luxembourg. He is also member of the Board of Fiberklaar. Mr. Tilmans is a civil engineer from the UCL (Louvain-la-Neuve) and holds degrees in IT and management. Jan Van Acoleyen Mr. Jan Van Acoleyen is Chief Human Resources Officer of Proximus. He joined Proximus in May 2016, after a long career with various international HR management roles, mainly in high-tech companies such as Alcatel, Agfa-Gevaert and Barco. As a HR leader, he acquired extensive experience in organizational and cultural transformations. Mr. Van Acoleyen has a Master’s degree in Educational Studies from Leuven University and an Executive MBA from the Antwerp Management School (University of Antwerp). He is an independent member of the Board of Directors of SD Worx and Member of the Board of Experience@Work. Within the Proximus Group he is board member of BICS, MWingz, Proximus Foundation, Proximus Pension Fund and is Chairman of the Remuneration Committee of BICS as well as Chairman of the Board of Be-Mobile. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 101 Compliance Role of compliance at Proximus Acting with integrity, compliance and honesty is an essential policies, prevent unlawful or unethical behavior and ensures an prerequisite for the success of the Proximus Group. We are striving appropriate response in case such behavior occurs. to strengthen the trust of our customers, our business partners, and other stakeholders in our Group by treating each other fairly. All employees must perform their daily activities and achieve Compliant behavior is the basis for this and must be a matter of their business objectives in accordance with the strictest ethical course for all Group employees. One of our Company’s main tasks standards and principles, using the Proximus Code of Conduct, is to further enhance awareness of this. which is reflected in multiple Group and Company policies and procedures, as their guide. The Proximus Group Compliance Office is responsible for coordinating compliance activities within the Proximus Group, and The Code of Conduct is available on the Compliance section aims to promote, at all levels, ethical conduct, respect of values of our corporate website. and compliance with laws and internal and external rules and Organization of compliance activities The Compliance Office is managed by the Director Internal Audit and advising the Board of Directors with respect to monitoring and Risk Management & Compliance, who reports directly to the Proximus’ compliance with the legal and regulatory requirements, Chairman of the Audit and Compliance Committee (ACC). as well as internal compliance with the Code of Conduct and the Group policies and procedures. The ACC Charter determines the ACC’s responsibility in helping The Compliance Program At Proximus, we are committed to meeting the highest standards At Proximus, the right measures are put in place to avoid ethical of integrity and ensuring ethical business conduct. As part dilemmas. This means having a clear governance model, as of our commitment in this scope, we have implemented a described in this corporate governance section and in accordance comprehensive Compliance Program that has to be known with the Law of 21 March 1991 on the reform of certain by all Proximus employees and available via our website . autonomous economic public companies (“the 1991 Law”). Compliance and business ethics are our license to operate. In a joint effort, Group Legal and Compliance have created a Corporate Handbook for Proximus affiliates, detailing governance, As a core element of the Compliance Program , Proximus has and compliance principles. developed a set of Policies and Codes that formally compile the behavioral guidelines to be followed by Proximus staff as well Our anti-corruption procedures are more than a legal as the existing restrictions on important subjects such as Anti- obligation and an ethical duty: as a responsible company we Corruption, Trade Sanctions and Antitrust. In addition, a Suppliers take a firm stand against corruption and apply a practice of Code of Conduct has been created to ensure our suppliers zero-tolerance. Specific anti-bribery training has been created adhere to the same ethical standards. dedicated for a targeted employee’s population. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 102 Fair and open competition between companies and doing To improve the setup regarding insider dealing, Proximus has business on a level playing field is important to society and implemented a tool (InsiderLog) enabling the automated contributes to increased welfare for all. Therefore, we support fair management of insider lists. and open competition in all our markets, with a competitiveness approach that is based on good products and services at the Proximus requires its suppliers and business partners to adhere right price. to a code of conduct. This code is modelled after the 10 principles of the United Nations Global Compact. It covers legal compliance Reliable reporting channels for internal and external stakeholders in general and our anti- bribery/corruption policies, including and the protection of internal whistle-blowers from sanctions help provisions against anticompetitive practices and conflicts of ensure possible misconduct is reported, thoroughly investigated, interest. and clarified. At Proximus, we provide different reporting channels to internal and external whistle-blowers to inform us about possible compliance violations. In 2021, we revised, KPIs Result 2020 Result 2021 improved, and communicated our whistleblowing procedure . 5 whistleblowing cases (4 linked to conflict of interests and 1 to Number of cases investigated by the Investigations Department for violation 24 48 the non-respect of organizational guidelines) were handled in of policies/code of conduct 2021. All have been thoroughly analyzed by Compliance and 5 Investigations and have had appropriate measures taken for such Number of whistleblowing cases 2 (4 Internal, 1 External) as the reminding of rules stemming from policies and procedures. In a nutshell The following efforts have been done in 2021 to improve the visibility of the Group Compliance strategy: • Code of Conduct e-learning for new joiners • Anti-bribery e-learning for targeted staff • New whistleblowing procedure (in line with Directive (EU) 2019/1937) • Continuous communication campaigns towards our staff through the intranet, on our Code of Conduct, anti-bribery and conflict of interest, … • New repository of group policies and procedures, driven by a new Group Policies Charter. • Updated Dealing Code, including the implementation of Insider Log (Insider Dealing – automated management of insider lists tool) • Creation of Executive Committee approved Corporate Handbook (governance and compliance for Proximus affiliates) • Creation and communication to suppliers of a new suppliers’ Code of Conduct Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 103 Applying high ethical standards Proximus business conduct Code of Conduct Because we take business personally, we do not just comply with The Code of Conduct is applicable to all employees of the Group. the law, but we want to ensure every one of our employees is Proximus employees follow mandatory training on the application aware of the behaviors to follow and to avoid. The Proximus Code of the principles of the Code of Conduct. of Conduct reflects the fundamental principles and rules which form the basis of our commitment to being a responsible Proximus expects its employees to respect the Code of Conduct company. We believe that strong results have to be accompanied and use it as a reference in their day-to-day way of working. by integrity if we want to contribute to the economic, social and environmental development of our society. Human Rights People are entitled to be treated with respect, care and dignity. inspired by fundamental principles such as those of the Universal Proximus business practices can only be sustainable if we Declaration of Human Rights, the European Convention on respect basic human rights and value diversity, cultural and Human Rights, and the United Nations Convention on the other differences. Our Code of Conduct, values and behavior are Rights of the Child. Private customer data We apply strict rules and policies within our company, complying embedded into our corporate policy, making data privacy an with the GDPR and e-privacy directives: absolute priority. • Proximus has continued to grow the Privacy Ambassador • Additional resources have been made available to support the network across different business units to ensure the highest Legal Privacy team and the Data Protection Officer. This has level of awareness and accountability for privacy compliance. allowed the acceleration of privacy reviews. The Legal Privacy These Ambassadors receive regular privacy training. Team and Data Protection Officer share valuable tools and • We have improved our Privacy Review Process to address all content about privacy regulations, increasing awareness across privacy matters at the highest level of management through the company. dedicated Privacy Governance. The process has been carefully Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 104 Supplier Code of Conduct Next to ensuring compliance inside of the company, Proximus Managing the sustainability risks of our vendors is integrated in our also pays attention to sustainability and ethics throughout its daily sourcing process. We monitor our key suppliers on their ESG supply chain. We, therefore, have developed a state of the art standard by obliging them to undergo a valid evaluation by third- Supplier Code of Conduct which is in line with national and party assessment organizations. We accomplish this by inviting international legislation and follows the standard set by the them to an EcoVadis assessment and by audits in frame Responsible Business Alliance (RBA). of our role in the Joint Audit Cooperation (JAC). JAC postponed audits due to COVID-19 We have a leading position in the Joint Audit Cooperation (JAC), As a member of JAC we join 17 other telecom operators, together a global association of telecom operators aiming to verify, assess, representing more than 60% of worldwide telecom turnover. We share and develop sustainability practices for its suppliers and make sure audits are performed by third parties on the suppliers’ their tiers through risk audits, assessments and scorecards. and supplier tiers’ premises. In 2020-21, many audits had to be postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. They will be pursued as soon as the situation allows it. ESG standards throughout the supply chain We integrate ESG standards into our supplier selection process. to the communities in which we and our suppliers operate in. By demanding suppliers to fulfil our Supplier Code of Conduct, The ESG standards are included in all contracts. not only do we improve our brand image, but we also contribute Human Rights in our supply chain Respecting internationally recognized Human Rights as principles and commit to "know and show" this through on-going established in the Universal Declaration on Human Rights and human rights due diligence with our business- and major supply the International Labour Organization’s Core Conventions is key chain partners in the JAC, perusing jointly all kind of breaches of for Proximus and certainly also across its supply chain. In line the above mentioned. This way we are able to mitigate potential with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, human rights impacts beyond our direct control and influence the Proximus recognizes the corporate responsibility to respect these behavior of suppliers and their tiers. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 105 Diversity & inclusion Statement In accordance with Article 3 of the Law of 3 September 2017 on the disclosure of non-financial and diversity information by certain large companies and groups, Proximus’ diversity policy, and its purpose and results, are described below. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 106 Strategic orientation about diversity & inclusion Proximus believes that a diverse workforce, through our • Creating an open and welcoming work environment that employees’ unique capabilities, experiences and all other encourages contributions from people of all backgrounds characteristics unrelated to someone’s abilities, will help us reach and experiences a more diverse marketplace and will create sustainable business. • Promoting a mindset of respect and openness throughout It is also important to reflect the diversity of our customers and all levels of the organization and treating all employees fairly markets in our workforce. and equally • Demonstrating behavior free from any form of racism, Therefore, Proximus has a Policy on diversity and equal rights , intolerance, discrimination, harassment or other attitude which applies to all employees of the Proximus Group. that could negatively affect the dignity of men and women at the workplace With this policy, Proximus wants to enable conditions in which • Incorporating diversity in all aspects of the way we do business, these differences are recognized and respected and all employees without any form of intolerance. are given equal opportunities. Within Proximus, specific teams are in charge of monitoring Diversity is part of Proximus Code of Conduct . compliance with the Charter and of taking the correct measures in case of non-compliance. For Proximus, diversity and equality mean: • Treating all applicants and employees equally, based only on relevant competencies and objective criteria Diversity & inclusion in our leadership and employees communities Proximus is particularly conscious of the importance of diversity on-boarding tool, our welcome days, and in all related training at all levels of the organization. To reinforce our commitment for team leaders, experts, trainees, etc. to recruiting employees with an inclusion and growth mindset and whose behavior is in line with the company’s 4 core values, While taking care to put in place well-balanced and talented we have put in place a non-discrimination clause for each new mixed teams, Proximus reinforces its capacity for innovation and application. Once they are part of the company, we ensure fosters its learning culture, the engagement of its employees and that they are the best ambassadors of our company culture by their creativity towards the future challenges of a digital world. including a part on our inclusion program and philosophy in our Gender mainstreaming Proximus is committed to a gender-neutral and non- Inclusion puts into practice the concept of a gender-neutral discriminatory policy, which is reflected in all types of and non-discriminatory policy by creating an environment communication. of involvement, respect and connection. We are an inclusive company and equal opportunities is a basic The strength of the company lies in the richness of the talents principle of our mission statement that applies to everyone, of all employees, which creates added value. regardless of gender or any other form of discrimination. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 107 Proximus has also decided to extend its gender strategy through We have a Diamond Sponsorship in the "Women on Board" the following actions: organization and we continued to strengthen our partnership • Contract signed with Open@Work to extend our strategy to with Google, extending our #IamRemarkable community through the LGTB community the organization of new sessions and our participation to the • Actions in the framework of the international day against worldwide week-long edition of September 2021. At the heart homophobia, transphobia and biphobia on 17 May of the #IamRemarkable initiative is a 90-minute workshop • In-depth analysis on possible impact of gender on various that strives to empower participants to talk openly about their performance elements achievements in their personal and professional lives, provides • Analysis of the remuneration structure by level them with tools to develop this set of skills, and invites them to • Charter signed for the "Inclusive Panels" initiative, committing challenge the biases surrounding self-promotion. ourselves to ensure more gender, ethnic and age diversity among experts speaking at events and conferences We will keep on creating supportive networking groups so • Participation in the implementation of the federal gender that everyone can reinforce their feeling of belonging to our mainstreaming plan community. • Implementing resilience training and initiatives to help employees cope with change and find balance in our new With regard to gender diversity, this approach is also reflected in way of working the female representation at the different levels of our company: Proximus has set itself the objective of being the most active company in the promotion of women in the digital world and reached his target of recruiting 25% of women with a university degree in technical areas by the end of 2021. Moreover, we have 36% 22% of the of the appointed a woman to head the Digital Transformation & IT Board of Executive business unit, also a new member of the Executive Committee. Directors Committee Within the framework of its Collective Agreement 2021-2022, Proximus commits to keep on taking initiatives in this domain and to remain open and non-restrictive in its communication, marketing and recruitment campaigns. Proximus will also take additional initiatives to communicate its diversity and inclusion 23% 32% vision, strategy and actions via educational videos, information of the of all members of the employees’ to the business units staff plus live information sessions that will Leadership population be proposed to all employees. Team We will also keep on communicating via our brand-new page on diversity & inclusion launched in 2021 on our intranet, that gathers all information, events, celebrations and much more about diversity and inclusion at Proximus and in a broader Proximus Group also has a very diverse workforce in terms perspective. of culture with 57 nationalities. Proximus also supports internal and external diversity network Our different cultural values foster inclusion and promote activities and initiatives, such as the AfroPean network (APN). collaboration. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 108 A culture allowing everyone to reconcile activities during the different life phases Proximus wants to create conditions that allow its employees to The pandemic has massively changed our professional and reconcile the different aspects of their professional and private private life. A series of training and resilience initiatives have been lives during their different life phases by offering opportunities put in place to help our employees cope with these changes. for internal job change and development opportunities, However, while everyone has tried to find a new balance in the homeworking, part-time schedules, home childcare, … These new way of working, the isolation we sometimes feel during this measures enable our employees to work in a safe, inspiring COVID-19 period makes us want to reconnect with others, to and inclusive workplace, with equal opportunities for everyone, continue to find meaning in our work, to feel valued, to reaffirm allowing them to combine their personal and professional lives in our place within our team and Proximus, and to be able to look order to be optimally present and feel supported, motivated and to the future with confidence. engaged at work. As part of its approach to sustainable employability, Proximus Proximus is a founding partner of "Experience@Work". Thanks commits to analyzing the possible implementation of ideas from to this company, experienced talents from organizations can the working groups organized on this topic in 2018 in co-creation be deployed in other organizations that are looking for specific with the representative trade unions. Proximus is also extending experience and/or talent. until the end of 2022 the pilot project launched in 2021 for our shops sales people who are in the 55+ age group, to revamp their working regime and reduce their work schedules. Human rights Our high ethical business practices are defined in the Policy on are recognized and respected, and where all employees are diversity and equal rights that has been reviewed in 2021. With given equal opportunities. This policy is applicable to all active this policy, we want to enable conditions in which differences employees of the Proximus Group. Working conditions Proximus is committed to creating working conditions that of forced or compulsory labor as defined by the ILO’s fundamental promote fair employment practices and in which ethical conduct conventions. Moreover, we are opposed to discriminatory practices is recognized and valued. We maintain a professional workplace and do our utmost to promote equality, diversity and inclusion in with an inclusive working environment, and we are committed all employment practices. to respecting Belgian legislation and the International Labor Organization’s (ILO) fundamental conventions. Our working environment standards are applied to every member of our diverse community and are exemplified by all managers, Proximus recognizes and respects the right to freedom of team leaders and employees, who are expected to act as role association and the right to collective bargaining within national models in this matter. laws and regulations. We will not contract child labor or any form Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 109 Remuneration report The remuneration policies of the Directors and of the Executive Committee are inspired by current legislation, and by the Belgian Corporate Governance Code 2020 ("the 2020 Corporate Governance Code") as well as by the market practices and trends, but also according to the Proximus context, its specific strategies and its ambition to participate in an inclusive, secure, sustainable and prosperous digital Belgium. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 110 Our company is taking particular care to provide relevant and All amounts in this remuneration report are presented as gross transparent information on the general principles governing amounts. For employees this is the gross salary (excl. employer’s its remuneration policy and the level of remuneration of the social contribution) and for self-employed employees this is the members of the Board of Directors and of the Executive gross remuneration (excluding VAT). Committee. The Proximus Remuneration Policy has been approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders of Proximus on 21 April 2021 and is available on the corporate website of Proximus . Remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors Structure of the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors The principle of continuity with the past has been maintained. • For the other members of the Board of Directors: The remuneration adopted by the General Assembly of 2004 - An annual fixed compensation of € 25,000 granted has remained applicable in 2021 and no substantial change pro rata temporis of the duration of the mandate. of the policy is expected for the coming years. - An attendance fee of € 5,000 per attended meeting of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is composed of no more than fourteen members, including the Chief Executive Officer (“the CEO”). - An attendance fee of € 2,500 per attended meeting as a The CEO is the only executive member at the Board, all other member of an advisory committee of the Board of Directors. members are non-executive Directors. This fee is doubled per attended meeting as chairman of this advisory committee. The CEO is not remunerated for the exercise of his mandate as - An annual fixed allowance of € 2,000 for communication member of the Board of Directors and of the Committees, costs. nor for any other mandate within the Group subsidiaries Boards of Directors. These amounts are paid semi-annually and are not subject to indexation. The non-executive Directors are remunerated as follows: • For the Chairman of the Board of Directors: For the performance of their Board mandates, the non- - An annual fixed compensation of € 50,000 granted pro rata executive Directors do not receive any variable performance- temporis of the duration of the mandate. based remuneration, nor do they receive benefits linked to complementary pension plans or any other group insurance. - An attendance fee of € 10,000 per attended meeting of the Board of Directors. Although the 2020 Corporate Governance Code recommends - An attendance fee of € 2,500 per attended meeting as a that non-executive board members should receive part of their member of an advisory committee of the Board of Directors. remuneration in the form of shares in the company, the company This fee is doubled per attended meeting as chairman of has decided not to comply with this provision taking into account this advisory committee. its specific shareholdership, having the Belgian State as majority shareholder. - An annual fixed allowance of € 4,000 for communication costs The Chairman of the Board of Directors is also Chairman of - The use of a company car. the Joint Committee and of the Pension Fund, and he does not receive any fees for these mandates. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 111 Remuneration granted to the members of the Board of Directors in 2021 The total amount of the remunerations granted in 2021 to all The overview of the individual gross amounts paid out to the the members of the Board of Directors, Chairman included, Directors in 2021, based on their activities and attendance to Board is amounting to gross € 1,192,366. and Committee meetings, is presented in the following table. During the year 2021 were held: • 9 meetings of the Board of Directors • 5 meetings of the Audit & Compliance Committee • 6 meetings of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee • 2 meetings of the Transformation & Innovation Committee Remuneration granted to the members of the Board of Directors in 2021 Directors Annual fix compensation Attendance fees Allowance* Total 2021 Stefaan De Clerck € 50,000 € 142,500 € 6,616 € 199,116 Guillaume Boutin - - - - Karel De Gucht € 25,000 € 50,000 € 2,000 € 77,000 Pierre Demuelenaere € 25,000 € 72,500 € 2,000 € 99,500 Martin De Prycker € 25,000 € 65,000 € 2,000 € 92,000 Martine Durez € 25,000 € 60,000 € 2,000 € 87,000 Ibrahim Ouassari € 17,361 € 35,000 € 1,389 € 53,750 Catherine Rutten € 25,000 € 57,500 € 2,000 € 84,500 Isabelle Santens € 25,000 € 45,000 € 2,000 € 72,000 Joachim Sonne € 25,000 € 57,500 € 2,000 € 84,500 Agnès Touraine € 25,000 € 50,000 € 2,000 € 77,000 Catherine Vandenborre € 25,000 € 70,000 € 2,000 € 97,000 Luc Van den hove € 25,000 € 65,000 € 2,000 € 92,000 Paul Van de Perre € 25,000 € 50,000 € 2,000 € 77,000 Total € 342,361 € 820,000 € 30,005 € 1,192,366 * Annual fixed telecom allowance. For the Chairman, this amount also includes the benefit in kind related to the use of company car, which amounted to € 2,616 in 2021. The following table gives an overview of the remuneration solely due to the number of board and committee meetings held granted over the last 5 years to members of the Board of per calendar year and the attendance or absence of members at Directors, Chairman included. The year-over-year variance is these meetings. Total 2017 Total 2018 Total 2019 Total 2020 Total 2021 € 1,080,244 € 1,000,499 € 1,243,509 € 1,231,116 € 1,192,366 Year-over-year variance -7.4% +24.3% -1.0% -3.1% Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 112 Global Rewards Program – general vision As provider of digital services and communication solutions, The main objectives of our Global Rewards Program are as follows: our company is operating in a complex, dynamic and constantly • To drive performance that generates long-term profitable changing environment, on a highly competitive and rapidly evolving growth and create long-term value for our Group as a Belgian and international telecom market. reference operator; • To stimulate empowerment and accountability to meet our To achieve our transformation, ambitions and objectives, and commitment to participate in the creation of an inclusive, so ensure the long-term sustainability of our Group, we need safe, sustainable and prosperous digital Belgium; qualified, talented and highly committed employees and managers, • To offer a fair and equitable remuneration to our staff (both working in close cooperation, building resilience and promoting to civil servants and to the contractual employees), and our culture and values. It is therefore critical to have a competitive competitive on the market; and market attractive Global Rewards Program for both the • To recognize and reward high performance in line with our Executive Committee members and all other members of company values and culture; the Top Management, as well as for the entire workforce. • To link pay to both individual performance and the overall success of our company in order to reinforce the alignment Our company has innovative, competitive and market attractive with the business strategy and successful execution remuneration policies and practices that are regularly assessed and • To enable our company to attract and retain market’s talents updated through close cooperation with universities and external at all levels; human resources fora. The practices used for the remuneration • To combine the needs and responsibilities of employees and of our employees – wages and working conditions included – are their families with those of the company and society at large. defined in a process of dialogue with the Board of Directors and with the social partners. Our company also maintains – and modernises – additional motivational instruments, such as work- life benefits (e.g. sick In view of its history as a company under public law, our company childcare and hospitalisation), wellbeing initiatives and social presents certain differences, in its dynamics and structure, assistance. compared to the private sector. These differences have had a considerable influence on the evolution of its remuneration policy. Our priority is to work on the basis of remuneration practices Our human resources department has thus developed creative and that prepare the future and support the promise made to our modular programs to meet our obligations related to the statutory employees to empower them to take accountability, to achieve our nature of the employment of certain staff members and has company's ambition and strategic objectives and to make them introduced new elements that have made it possible to harmonize proud of the successes we achieve together. policies between statutory and contractual staff members. Remuneration of the members of the Executive Committee Decision-making process The remuneration program of the Executive Committee and the Committee. The individual remuneration packages are defined individual remuneration packages are set by the Board of Directors according to the individual responsibilities, sustained performance upon recommendations from the Nomination & Remuneration and critical skills. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 113 Competitiveness of the remuneration of the Executive Committee The remuneration policies and practices applicable to the encourage them to deliver a long-term, sustainable profitable Executive Committee are aimed to reward the executives growth, in line with our Group’s strategy and the expectations competitively and at rates that are attractive in the market, align of our shareholders. the interests of management and shareholders and comply with the governance rules applicable in Belgium. Although the 2020 The market positioning of these remuneration packages is Belgian Corporate Governance Code recommends that the Board reviewed on a regular basis by benchmarking the remuneration should set a minimum threshold of shares to be held by the of the members of our Executive Committee against both the members of the Executive Committee, the company has decided BEL 20 companies (financial sector excluded) and a set of peer not to comply with this provision taking into account its specific companies in the European Telecommunications and ICT sector. shareholdership, having the Belgian State as majority shareholder. This analysis aims to ensure that the global remuneration of each member of the Executive Committee remains adequate, fair To achieve its transformation, ambitions and objectives, and thus and in line with market practices and consistent with the evolution ensure the long-term sustainability of the Group, our company of both his/her responsibilities and the market situation of intends to attract and retain qualified, talented and committed the Proximus Group in terms of size, scope of activities and leaders for its Executive Committee. We want to recognize clear financial results. role models, who deliver a high level of performance and promote our culture and values. To distinguish ourselves from other employers, our company seeks to differentiate in the total package offered, by providing Like the rest of the top management of our company, the not only a cash remuneration but also other benefits. A limited members of the Executive Committee benefit from dedicated degree of freedom is also left to the top management, the CEO reward programs which focus on the principles of our strategy to and the other members of the Executive Committee included, consistently reward high performance of individuals and of the with regard to the choice of the pay-out means of their variable company. A significant part of their total remuneration is variable, compensation. based on stringent quantitative and qualitative performance criteria, and is driven by our company’s objectives in terms of All the amounts mentioned in this report are gross amounts performance and growth. This way, our company wants to before employer’s social contribution. Remuneration structure of the Executive Committee The remuneration of the members of the Executive Committee is Current variable remuneration policy is aligned for all Executive built upon the following components: Committee members, CEO included. The target percentage of • Fixed remuneration both the short-term and the long-term variable remuneration • Short-term variable remuneration amounts to 40% of the fixed remuneration. • Long-term variable remuneration • Group insurance premiums • Other benefits • One-off and exceptional bonuses. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 114 Relative importance of the various components of the on-target remuneration before employer’s social contribution (end 2021) CEO 48% 19% 19% 6% 8% Other Executive 45% 18% 18% 12% 7% Committee members Fixed remuneration Short-term variable Long-term variable Group insurance premiums Other benefits The CEO and the other members of the Executive Committee No substantial change of the remuneration policy is expected do not receive any remuneration in the form of Proximus shares for the coming two years. or Proximus stock options. Fixed remuneration The fixed remuneration consists of a fixed salary earned by the Fixed remuneration in K€ before employer social contribution CEO and by the other members of the Executive Committee for the over 5 years reported year in such respective roles. This remuneration is defined by the nature and the specificities of the function and by the level As for the CEO, the amounts reported for 2017 to 2018 were paid to the former CEO, Mrs. Leroy, as for most of 2019 (385 K€) while one month of individual skills and experience, considering market practices. in 2019 (44 K€) and the amounts reported since 2020 were paid to the This remuneration is allocated regardless of the results and is current CEO, Mr. Boutin. contractually subject to the consumer price index1. Speciﬁc changes in the composition of the Executive Committee have impacted the total ﬁxed remuneration paid in 2020 and in 2021 to the other Executive Committee members others than the CEO. The role of Chief The fixed remuneration of the CEO is set by the Board of Directors Consumer Market Officer has been vacant for 2 months in 2020 and the at the beginning of his six-year mandate for the duration of his role of Chief Financial Officer has been vacant from June 2020 till March 2021 included. Besides, an additional role has been created at Executive mandate. The fixed remuneration of the Executive Committee Committee level in 2021 in order to support our digital transformation members others than the CEO is regularly assessed by the and ambitions, and a new member has therefore joined the Executive Committee in April 2021. Nomination & Remuneration Committee, based on an extensive review of sustained performance and assessment of potential 2,632 of each member provided by the CEO, as well as on external 2,467 2,535 benchmarking data on market practices. Thereby, the evolution of 2,254 the fixed remuneration depends on the competency level of the 2,166 Executive Committee member, of his or her sustained performance level, of the evolution of his or her responsibilities, as well as of the evolution of the market. Possible adjustments are always submitted to the Board of Directors for approval. 515 523 507 513 429 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 CEO Other Executive Committee members The roles acted ad interim as CEO or as other member of the Executive Committee are not taken into consideration for current report. 1 in accordance with the rules laid down by the Law of 1 March 1977 organising a system of linking certain public sector expenditure to the State consumer price index, as amended by Royal Decree No 178 of 30 December 1982 Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 115 Short-term variable remuneration Purpose and components of the short-term variable The Nomination and Remuneration Committee recommended remuneration the following set of KPIs to the Board of Directors for the 2020 The members of the Executive Committee, CEO included, performance year: receive a target short-term variable remuneration expressed Strategic Goal 2020 STI KPI 2020 KPI nature as a percentage of the annual fixed remuneration. This target Business Cash Flow Financial percentage is identical for all Executive Committee members, Sustainable Growth Net Acquisition Value Mixed CEO included, and amounts to 40% of the fixed remuneration. Gross OPEX Savings Financial Our short-term variable remuneration system has been designed Customer Experience Non-Financial Digital Company to support the strategy and the values of our Group and to Digital Non-Financial enhance a performance-based management culture. Gigabit Network Fiber Value Creation Mixed Employees Employee Experience Non-Financial Our company indeed considers close collaboration of all employees to be imperative. All efforts need to be focused Each Strategic Goal has a weight in the overall STI KPI framework, and aligned towards the Group’s ambition to be successful in line with its relative importance for the Group. Each Strategic and ensure its sustainability. Goal has a number of clearly identified, specific, measurable and actionable KPIs associated to it. These KPIs are either of a financial, The Group results are therefore highly impacting (for 60%) a non-financial or a mixed nature. the short-term variable remuneration of the members of the Executive Committee, on top of the individual performance For the sake of confidentiality, the STI KPIs are only reported a (for 40%), and this in line with our company values. posteriori in this report. Group performance – Key performance Indicators The high ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) ambitions (KPIs) of our Group are more and more reflected in our STI KPIs. The short-term annual variable remuneration is for 60% based The chosen KPIs show our company’s societal commitment to on the Group’s performance against a set of Key Performance contribute to a more digital future for our country, accessible to all. Indicators ( KPIs), that are, on a yearly basis, defined by the Board Apart from the higher speeds and energy efficiencies brought by of Directors upon recommendation from the Nomination & our new Fiber network, some additional specific STI KPIs have been Remuneration Committee. These KPIs are the so called STI KPIs added to the framework of 2021, to measure our efforts to evolve (Short Term Incentives KPIs). towards a more green, circular and safe society. In 2021, these KPIs included the number of returned fixed and mobile devices for The amounts of short-term variable remuneration mentioned in refurbishment or recycling, the volume of recycled copper cables current report are the ones paid out to the Executive Committee after building out-phasing/cleaning, roadworks members in the course of 2021 and are thus related to the results and cable repair and our resilience to cyber security attacks. of the Group KPIs of the 2020 performance year. The framework of 2022 replaces the KPI of copper recycling with the companywide CO2 emissions reduction. Over the years, more comprehensive sustainability and digitalisation KPIs will be considered for the Group KPIs framework, in line with the increased importance of climate change and digital inclusion on the societal agenda. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 116 A detailed definition for each of the STI KPIs can be found in the following table. Strategic goal 2020 STI KPI 2020 Weight KPI Definition Business Cash Flow 30% Amount of Cash generated by the business operations. Annualized value generated/destroyed by gains and losses of customers in the mass- Net Acquisition Value 10% and professional markets. Sustainable Growth Savings in Operational Expenditure, realized through internal initiatives aiming at Gross OPEX Savings 10% reducing our cost base via increased productivity or efficiency, or via decreased consumption. This KPI consists of 4 sub-KPIs, each computed as a weighted average of underlying indicators per customer segment. They only relate to the Proximus brand, excluding Scarlet. Customer Experience 20% 1 Net Promoter Score 2 Customer Effort Score "New customer" Digital Company 3 Customer Effort Score "Administrative Assistance" 4 Customer Effort Score "Technical Assistance" This KPI consists of 2 sub-KPIs: 1 E-share of Sales: digital penetration of our sales volumes. Digital 10% 2 Contact Centre Deflation: increase of digital first interactions resulting in deflation of contact center interaction volumes. Gigabit Network Fiber Value Creation 10% Deployment and value creation in our new Fiber network. Measurement of our employees’ engagement, agility, empowerment, accountability Employees Employee Experience 10% and strategic alignment with respect to our company. Total 100% Measuring methodology: we all go the extra smile! Individual performance For each performance indicator, an end-of-year target has been The individual performance is taken into account for 40% in defined, as well as a pay-out interval with a minimum (Min) and a the short-term variable remuneration. maximum (Max) threshold. The targets and thresholds are defined in such a way that they stimulate the teams to go the extra (s)mile On top of the Group results, the individual performance is whilst remaining realistic and achievable. For a KPI that meets annually evaluated in the course of the first quarter following the its end-of-year target, the short-term variable remuneration end of the financial year by the Board of Directors. This evaluation pay-out (“Multiplier”) is at 100% of its target level. In case of is based on the recommendations made by the Chairman of the overperformance versus target at year end, the Multiplier linearly Board of Directors for the CEO performance and by the CEO for grows to a maximum of 200% beyond which it is capped, whilst the other members of the Executive Committee. it linearly decreases to zero in case of underperformance versus target at year end. Throughout each performance period, the achievements of the on-going year are regularly measured and discussed. The final The Business Cash Flow and the Gross Opex Savings are evaluation takes into account the realizations versus predefined determined based on audited financial figures, adjusted to measurable individual objectives as well as the achievements of obtain underlying financial figures after exclusion of incidentals. the Executive Committee members in their leadership role and Non-financial and mixed indicators are measured by internal their active role in the promotion of our company culture and experts and external agencies specialized in market and customer values. intelligence. These individual objectives are set every year in line with the The achievements of these KPIs are regularly followed-up at the specific role and responsibilities of each Executive Committee Executive Committee and are discussed at the Nomination and member and need to reflect our long-term corporate strategy Remuneration Committee and at the Board of Directors. which is cascaded within the company and included in the individual objectives as to enable our Group to fulfil its ambitions. Proximus Group I Integrated annual report 2021 I 117 We are committed to stimulate high and sustainable levels of They therefore get the opportunity to invest part of their performance in a spirit of innovation, collaboration, agility and short-term variable remuneration in a bonus pension plan, i.e. personal development. an additional supplementary pension plan, and to receive part of their short-term variable remuneration in cash bonuses, in non- Upon final evaluation, the Board of Directors will not only take recurring benefit or in (non-Proximus) warrants or fund options, into consideration the individual differentiation between the always within the limits of the relevant regulations. members of the Executive Committee in terms of performance and talent but will also ensure that the total amount allocated for individual performance is in line with the results at Group level, in Short-term variable remuneration in K€ before employer order to consolidate the interdependence between the individual social contribution over 5 years contribution and the company's performance. In 2021, a short-term variable remuneration has been allocated to the CEO for a total amount of gross € 265,614. The amounts reported till 2019 were Short-term variable remuneration allocation paid to the former CEO, Mrs. Leroy. The amount reported for 2020 included As mentioned above, the amount effectively paid to the CEO the amount paid to the current CEO, Mr. Boutin (€ 18,833 gross) but also included the amount (€ 440,000 gross) paid out to former CEO, Mrs. Leroy, and to the other members of the Executive Committee varies for her performance years 2017 to 2019. according to the Group results (for 60%) and to the evaluation of The total short-term variable remuneration effectively allocated in 2021 to the individual performances (for 40%) by the Board of Directors. the other members of the Executive Committee (2020 performance year) amounts to gross € 1,123,605. The year-to-year variations are mainly resulting from (i) the variations in the Group KPI results, from (ii) the changes In case of objectives realization at 100%, the CEO or the other in the composition of the Executive Committee and from (iii) the exceptional bonus paid in 2020 to our former Chief Financial Officer, Mrs. Dufour, members of the Executive Committee gets 100% of his or her rewarding her excellent performance in the course of 2019 in her ad interim short-term variable remuneration target amount. In case of CEO role. The reported amount for 2020 also included the amount paid to excellent performance at Group and individual level, the short- the current CEO, Mr. Boutin, for his performances in 2019 as member of the Executive Committee (before his nomination as CEO). term variable remuneration can go above the 100% of the target amount, with a cap at 200%, according to a linear allocation 1,807 curve. Conversely, this percentage can drop down to 0% in case of severe underperformance. As also stated above, the Board of Directors will always ensure that the total amount allocated for individual performance is in line with the results at Group level, in order to consolidate the 1,106 1,111 1,124 1,071 interdependence between the individual contribution and the company's performance. 459 One of the principles of our company’s remuneration policy is 266 the degree of freedom for the top management, the CEO and the 227 225 216 other members of the Executive Committee included, with regard to the choice of pay out means of their variable remuneration. 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 CEO Other Executive Committee members Long-term variable remuneration Purpose and components of the long-term variable sustainable and profitable pe
