. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risks. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, and the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events, or contingencies have occurred in the past but are provided because future occurrences of such factors, events, or contingencies could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under Forward-Looking Statements above and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Overview The Company uses an integrated risk management framework to manage and oversee its risks. The Company s risks include investment, insurance, market, liquidity, operational, and model risk as well as strategic risks that may cause the Company s core business model to change, either through a shift in the businesses in which it is engaged or a change in execution. The Company s strategic risks include regulatory and technological changes and other external factors. The Company s risks are further discussed below. Our risk management framework is described under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management. Investment Risk Our investment portfolios are subject to the risk of loss due to default or deterioration in credit quality or value. We are exposed to investment risk through our investments, which primarily consist of public and private fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, structured finance, equity securities and alternative assets including private equity, hedge funds and real estate. For a discussion of our general account investments, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations General Account Investments. We are also exposed to investment risk through a potential counterparty default. Investment risk may result from (1) economic conditions, (2) adverse capital market conditions, including disruptions in individual market sectors or a lack of buyers in the marketplace, (3) volatility, (4) credit spread changes, (5) benchmark interest rate changes, (6) changes in foreign currency exchange rates and (7) declines in value of underlying collateral. These factors may impact the credit quality, liquidity and value of our investments and derivatives, potentially resulting in higher capital charges and unrealized or realized losses. Also, certain investments we hold, regardless of market conditions, are relatively illiquid and our ability to promptly sell these assets for their full value may be limited. Additionally, our valuation of investments may include methodologies, inputs and assumptions, which could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially impact our results of operations or financial condition. For information about the valuation of our investments, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our investment portfolio is subject to credit risk, which is the risk that an obligor (or guarantor) is unable or unwilling to meet its contractual payment obligations on its fixed maturity security, loan or other obligations. Credit risk may manifest in an idiosyncratic manner (i.e., specific to an individual borrower or industry) or through market-wide credit cycles. Financial deterioration of the obligor increases the risk of default and may increase the capital charges required under the regulatory frameworks we are subject to, potentially limiting our overall capital flexibility. Credit defaults (as well as credit impairments, realized losses on credit-related sales, and increases in credit related reserves) may result in losses which adversely impact earnings, capital and our ability to appropriately match our liabilities and meet future obligations. The Company is subject to counterparty risk, which is the risk that the counterparty to a transaction could default or deteriorate in creditworthiness before or at the final settlement of a transaction . In the normal course of business, we enter into financial contracts to manage risks (such as derivatives and reinsurance treaties), improve the return on investments (such as securities lending and repurchase transactions) and provide sources of liquidity or financing (such as credit agreements, securities lending agreements and repurchase agreements). Reinsurance may also be used to further strategic goals of the Company by facilitating the transfer of risk of a block of liabilities if an entity purchase or sale is not practical. These transactions expose the Company to counterparty risk. Counterparties include commercial banks, investment banks, broker-dealers, and insurance and reinsurance companies. In the event of a counterparty deterioration or default, we may incur replacement costs necessary to reallocate the transaction to a new counterparty. Also, bespoke transactions (e.g., strategic and asset intensive reinsurance) entail less liquid investments and are typically difficult to hedge, possibly requiring us to recapture 22 Table of Contents liabilities and reestablish or strengthen reserves and capital, which could reduce capital flexibility. The magnitude of the losses (e.g., replacement costs) will depend on current market conditions, the complexity of the transaction, and the time required to restructure or replace the transaction. Losses will likely be higher under stressed conditions. Our investment portfolio is subject to equity risk, which is the risk of loss due to deterioration in market value of public equity or alternative assets . We include public equity and alternative assets (including private equity, hedge funds and real estate) in our portfolio constructions, and these investments have varying degrees of price transparency. Equities traded on stock exchanges (public equities) have significant price transparency, as transactions are often required to be disclosed publicly. Assets with less price transparency include private equity (joint ventures/limited partnerships) and direct real estate. As these investments typically do not trade on public markets and indications of realizable market value may not be readily available, valuations can be infrequent and/or more volatile. A sustained decline in public equity and alternative markets may reduce the returns earned by our investment portfolio through lower-than-expected dividend income, property operating income, and capital gains, thereby adversely impacting earnings, capital, and product pricing assumptions. These assets may also produce volatility in earnings as a result of uneven distributions on the underlying investments. Insurance Risk We have significant liabilities for policyholders benefits which are subject to insurance risk. Insurance risk is the risk that actual experience deviates adversely from our insurance assumptions, including mortality, morbidity, and policyholder behavior assumptions . We provide a variety of insurance products, on both an individual and group basis, that are designed to help customers protect against a variety of financial uncertainties. Our insurance products protect customers against their potential risk of loss by transferring those risks to the Company, where those risks can be managed more efficiently through pooling and diversification over a larger number of independent exposures. During this transfer process, we assume the risk that actual losses experienced in our insurance products deviate significantly from what we expect. More specifically, insurance risk is concerned with the deviations that impact our future liabilities. Our profitability may decline if mortality experience, morbidity experience or policyholder behavior experience differ significantly from our expectations when we price our products. In addition, if we experience higher than expected surrenders, withdrawals or claims, our liquidity position may be adversely impacted, and we may incur losses on investments if we are required to sell assets in order to fund surrenders, withdrawals or claims. If it is necessary to sell assets at a loss, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. For a discussion of the impact of changes in insurance assumptions on our financial condition, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Accounting Policies and Pronouncements Application of Critical Accounting Estimates Insurance Liabilities. Certain of our insurance products are subject to mortality risk, which is the risk that actual deaths experienced deviate adversely from our expectations . Mortality risk is a biometric risk that can manifest in the following ways: Mortality calamity is the risk that mortality rates in a single year deviate adversely from our expectations as the result of drivers such as pandemics, natural or man-made disasters, military actions or terrorism. A mortality calamity event will reduce our earnings and capital and we may be forced to liquidate assets before maturity in order to pay the higher than expected level of claims. Mortality calamity risk is more pronounced in respect of specific geographic areas (including major metropolitan centers where we have concentrations of customers, including under group and individual life insurance, concentrations of employees or significant operations) and in respect of countries and regions in which we operate that are subject to a greater potential threat of military action or conflict. Ultimate losses would depend on several factors, including the rates of mortality and morbidity among various segments of the insured population, the collectability of reinsurance, the possible macroeconomic effects on our investment portfolio, the effect on lapses and surrenders of existing policies, as well as sales of new policies and other variables. Mortality trend is the risk that mortality improvements in the future deviate from our expectations. Mortality trend is a long-term risk that could emerge gradually over time. Longevity products, such as annuities, pension risk transfer and long-term care, may experience adverse impacts due to higher-than-expected mortality improvement. Mortality products, such as life insurance, experience adverse impacts due to lower-than-expected mortality improvement. If this risk were to emerge, the Company would update assumptions used to calculate reserves for in-force business, which may result in additional assets needed to meet the higher expected annuity claims or earlier expected life claims. An increase in reserves due to revised assumptions could have an immediate adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition, and economically the impact can be long term as the excess outflow is paid over time. Mortality base is the risk that actual base mortality deviates adversely from what is expected in pricing and valuing our products. Base mortality risk can arise from a lack of credible data on which to base the assumptions. 23 Table of Contents We manage mortality risk primarily through our underwriting practices. We use a variety of other strategies to further manage our mortality risks, including the use of reinsurance, derivative instruments and diversification of our product portfolio. These strategies, however, may not be fully effective and may lead to payments to counterparties in excess of recoveries depending on how actual mortality experience emerges and on future changes in the level of premiums we pay to reinsurers. Certain of our insurance products are subject to morbidity risk, which is the risk that either incidence, utilization or continuation experience deviates adversely from our expectations . Morbidity risk is a biometric risk that can manifest in the following ways: Morbidity incidence is the risk that the rate at which policyholders become unhealthy (and qualify for benefits under insurance policies) deviates adversely from what is expected. We are exposed to morbidity incidence risk primarily through short-term disability, long-term disability and long-term care products in the U.S., and through accident and health products in Japan. Morbidity utilization is the risk that policyholder morbidity benefit utilization (relative to available maximum benefits) deviates adversely from our expectations. This risk relates primarily to our long-term care products. Morbidity continuation is the risk that the length of time for which policyholders remain unhealthy deviates adversely from what is expected. This risk is primarily in our disability and long-term care products. In each case, an increase in claims, or an increase in reserves due to revised morbidity assumptions can have an immediate adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition, and the economic impact can be long-term as the morbidity claims are paid. Certain of our insurance products are subject to policyholder behavior risk, which is the risk that actual policyholder behavior deviates adversely from our expectations. Policyholder behavior risk can manifest in the following ways: Lapse calamity is the risk that lapse rates over the short-term deviate adversely from our expectations. For example, surrenders of certain insurance products may increase following a downgrade of our financial strength ratings or adverse publicity. Only certain products are exposed to this risk. Products that offer a cash surrender value that resides in the general account, such as non-participating whole life products, could pose a potential short-term lapse calamity risk. Surrender of these products can impact liquidity, and it may be necessary in certain market conditions to sell assets to meet surrender demands. Lapse calamity can also affect our earnings and capital through its impact on estimated future profits. Policyholder behavior (long-term) risk is the risk that the behavior of our customers or policyholders deviates adversely from our expectations over the long-term. This risk arises through product features which provide some degree of choice or flexibility for the policyholder, which can impact the amount and/or timing of claims. Such choices include surrender, lapse, partial withdrawal, policy loan utilization, and premium payment rates for contracts with flexible premiums. Policyholder behavior is driven by factors outside of our control, including macro factors such as market movements, as well as by policyholders individual needs, which may differ significantly from product to product depending on many factors including the features offered, the approach taken to market each product, and competitor pricing. For example, persistency (the probability that a policy or contract will remain in force) within our annuities business may be significantly impacted by the value of guaranteed minimum benefits contained in many of our variable annuity products being higher than current account values in light of poor market performance as well as other factors. Many of our products also provide our customers with wide flexibility with respect to the amount and timing of premium deposits and the amount and timing of withdrawals from the policy s value. Results may vary based on differences between actual and expected premium deposits and withdrawals for these products, especially if these product features are relatively new to the marketplace. The pricing of certain of our variable annuity products that contain certain living benefit guarantees is also based on assumptions about utilization rates, or the percentage of contracts that will utilize the benefit during the contract duration, including the timing of the first withdrawal. Results may vary based on differences between actual and expected benefit utilization. We may also be impacted by customers seeking to sell their benefits. In particular, the development of a secondary market for life insurance, including life settlements or viaticals and investor-owned life insurance, and third-party investor strategies in the annuities business, could adversely affect the profitability of existing business and our pricing assumptions for new business. An increase in reserves due to revised assumptions could have an immediate adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition, and the economic impact can be long-term as the excess outflow is paid. Our ability to reprice products is limited and may not compensate for deviations from our expected insurance assumptions. Although some of our products permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits during the life 24 Table of Contents of the policy or contract, the adjustments permitted under the terms of the policies or contracts may not be sufficient to maintain profitability or may cause the policies or contracts to lapse. For example, for our long-term care insurance products, our assumptions for reserves for future policy benefits have factored in an estimate of the timing and amount of anticipated and yet-to-be-filed premium rate increases, including those which may require state approval. Our actual experience obtaining pricing increases could be materially different than what we have assumed, resulting in further policy liability increases which could be material. Many of our products do not permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits or limit those adjustments during the life of the policy or contract. Even if permitted under the policy or contract, other factors may impact our decision whether to raise premiums or adjust other charges sufficiently, or at all. Accordingly, significant deviations in actual experience from our pricing assumptions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products. Market Risk The profitability of many of our insurance and annuity products, as well as the fees we earn in our investment management business, are subject to market risk. Market risk is the risk of loss from changes in interest rates, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates. The profitability of many of our insurance and annuity products depends in part on the value of the separate accounts supporting these products, which can fluctuate substantially depending on market conditions. Market conditions resulting in reductions in the value of assets we manage have an adverse effect on the revenues and profitability of our investment management business, which depends on fees related primarily to the value of assets under management, and could decrease the value of our strategic investments. Derivative instruments that we use to hedge and manage foreign exchange, interest rate and equity market risks associated with our products and businesses, and other risks might not perform as intended or expected, resulting in higher-than-expected realized losses and stresses on liquidity and/or regulatory capital. Market conditions can limit availability of hedging instruments, require us to post additional collateral, and further increase the cost of executing product related hedges and such costs may not be recovered in the pricing of the underlying products being hedged. Market risk may limit opportunities for investment of available funds at desired returns, including due to the prevailing interest rate environment, or other factors, with possible negative impacts on our overall results. Limited opportunities for attractive investments may lead to holding cash for long periods of time and an increased use of derivatives for duration management and other portfolio management purposes. The increased use of derivatives or portfolio rebalancing may increase the volatility of our U.S. GAAP results and our statutory capital. Our investments, results of operations and financial condition may also be adversely affected by developments in the global economy, in the U.S. economy (including as a result of actions by the Federal Reserve with respect to interest rate and monetary policy, and adverse political developments), and in the Japanese economy (including due to the effects of inflation or deflation, interest rate volatility, changes in the Japan sovereign credit rating, and material changes in the value of the Japanese yen relative to the U.S. dollar). Global, U.S. or Japanese economic activity and financial markets may in turn be negatively affected by adverse developments or conditions in specific geographical regions. For a discussion of the impact of changes in market conditions on our financial condition see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Our insurance and annuity products and certain of our investment products, and our investment returns, are subject to interest rate risk, which is the risk of loss arising from asset/liability duration mismatches within our general account investments as well as invested assets of other entities and operations . The risk of mismatch in asset/liability duration is mainly driven by the specific dynamics of product liabilities. For example, some product liabilities generate long-term cash flows (i.e., 30 years or more), resulting in significant interest rate risk, since these cash flows cannot be matched by assets for sale in the marketplace, exposing the Company to future reinvestment risk. In addition, certain of our products provide for recurring premiums which may be invested at interest rates lower than the rates included in our pricing assumptions. Market-sensitive cash flows exist with other product liabilities including products whose cash flows can be linked to market performance through secondary guarantees, minimum crediting rates, and/or changes in insurance assumptions. Our exposure to interest rates can manifest over years as in the case of earnings compression or in the short term by creating volatility in both earnings and capital. For example, some of our products expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce the spread between the amounts that we are required to pay under contracts and the rate of return we are able to earn on our general account investments supporting these contracts. When interest rates decline or remain low, we must invest in lower-yielding instruments, potentially reducing net investment income and constraining our ability to offer certain 25 Table of Contents products. This risk is increased as more policyholders may retain their policies in a low rate environment. Since many of our policies and contracts have guaranteed minimum crediting rates or limit the resetting of crediting rates, the spreads could decrease or go negative. Alternatively, when interest rates rise, we may not be able to replace the assets in our general account with the higher-yielding assets as quickly as needed to fund the higher crediting rates necessary to keep these products and contracts competitive. It is possible that fewer policyholders may retain their policies and annuity contracts as they pursue higher crediting rates, which could expose the Company to losses and liquidity stress. In addition, rising interest rates could cause a decline in the market value of fixed income assets the Company manages which in turn could result in lower asset management fees earned. Rapidly rising interest rates may also adversely impact, and have adversely impacted, our liquidity and capital positions, cash flows, results of operations, and financial position. Our mitigation efforts with respect to interest rate risk are primarily focused on maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities. The portfolio s key rate duration profile is designed to be approximately equal to that of our liability and surplus benchmark; however, these benchmarks are based on estimates of the liability cash flow profiles which are complex and could be inaccurate, especially when markets are volatile. In addition, there are practical and capital market limitations on our ability to accomplish this matching. Due to these and other factors we may need to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a loss in order to satisfy liabilities or be forced to reinvest funds in a lower rate environment. Our significant business operations outside the U.S. subject us to foreign exchange risk, which is the risk of loss arising from assets that are invested in a different currency than the related liability, as well as the unhedged portion of the Company s earnings from, and capital supporting, operations in a foreign currency . As a U.S.-based company with significant business operations outside of the U.S., particularly in Japan, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk related to these operations, as well as in our investment portfolio. This is because, for financial reporting purposes, income and expenses are reported in local currency and translated into the U.S. dollar at the applicable currency exchange rate for inclusion in our financial statements. Therefore, if the U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies such as the Japanese yen, our revenues reported in U.S. dollars would decline, even if there was no corresponding reduction in the health of our business. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our profitability, financial condition and cash flows, as well as increase the volatility of our results of operations under U.S. GAAP. In the short-term, solvency margins in our Japan businesses can also be impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates. For our International Businesses operations, our Retirement Strategies segment s earnings on non-U.S. dollar-denominated reinsurance contracts and PGIM s investment activities based in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, changes in foreign currency exchange rates create risk that we may experience volatility in the U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings and equity of these operations. For certain of our international insurance operations outside of Japan, we elect to not hedge the risk of changes in our subsidiary equity investments due to foreign exchange rate movements. For our domestic investment portfolios supporting our U.S. insurance operations and other proprietary investment portfolios, our foreign currency exchange rate risk arises primarily from investments that are denominated in foreign currencies. We generally do not hedge all of the foreign currency risk of our investments in equity securities of unaffiliated foreign entities. The value and liquidity of our foreign currency investments could be adversely affected by local market, economic and financial conditions. There can be no assurance that our hedging and other strategies will effectively mitigate foreign exchange risk. For a discussion of our hedging program and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our business, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations External and Economic Factors Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates. Guarantees within certain of our products, in particular our variable annuities and to a lesser extent certain individual life and international insurance products, are market sensitive and may decrease our earnings or increase the volatility of our results of operations or financial position. Certain of our products, particularly our variable annuity products and to a lesser extent certain international insurance products, include guarantees of minimum surrender values or income streams for stated periods or for life, which may be in excess of account values. Our valuation of the liabilities for the minimum benefits contained in many of our variable annuity products requires us to consider the market perception of our risk of non-performance, and a decrease in our own credit spreads resulting from ratings upgrades or other events or market conditions could cause the recorded value of these liabilities to increase, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. Certain of our products, particularly our variable annuity and variable life products, include minimum death benefits or no-lapse guarantees that guarantee a death benefit as long as the no-lapse guarantee premium is paid. Certain of our products, particularly certain index-linked annuity and individual life products, include interest crediting guarantees based 26 Table of Contents on the performance of an index. Downturns in equity markets, increased equity volatility, increased credit spreads, or (as discussed above) reduced interest rates could result in an increase in the valuation of liabilities associated with such guarantees, resulting in increases in reserves and reductions in net income. Hedging and risk management strategies, including product features, that we use to mitigate these risks may not be fully effective. In addition, we may be unable or may choose not to fully hedge these risks. Hedging instruments may not effectively offset the costs of guarantees or may otherwise be insufficient in relation to our obligations. Hedging instruments also may not change in value correspondingly with associated liabilities due to equity market or interest rate conditions, non-performance risk or other reasons. We may choose to hedge these risks on a basis that does not correspond to their anticipated or actual impact upon our results of operations or financial position under U.S. GAAP. Changes from period to period in the valuation of these policy benefits, and in the amount of our obligations effectively hedged, will result in volatility in our results of operations and financial position under U.S. GAAP and the statutory capital levels of our insurance subsidiaries. Estimates and assumptions we make in connection with hedging activities may fail to reflect or correspond to our actual long-term exposure from our guarantees. Further, the risk of increases in the costs of our guarantees not covered by our hedging and other capital and risk management strategies may become more significant due to changes in policyholder behavior driven by market conditions or other factors. The above factors, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. We are subject to counterparty risk associated with reinsurance transactions. To mitigate this risk, we may use coinsurance with funds withheld or modified coinsurance. With these reinsurance arrangements, we retain assets on our balance sheet whose related investment performance accrues to third-party reinsurers. The composition of these assets is subject to investment guidelines specific to the reinsurance treaties and may differ from those we would normally invest in. Under GAAP, funds withheld and modified coinsurance reinsurance most often create embedded derivatives for the ceding company and the reinsurer, which are measured at fair value. The valuation of these embedded derivatives is sensitive to market factors, including credit spreads of the assets held on our balance sheet, and can generate significant volatility in net income depending on market conditions. Changes in the fair value of embedded derivatives are included in Realized investment gains (losses), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, whereas changes in the fair value of assets are recorded primarily in Accumulated other comprehensive income. Liquidity Risk As a financial services company, we are exposed to liquidity risk, which is the risk that the Company is unable to meet near-term obligations as they come due. Liquidity risk is a manifestation of events that are driven by other risk types (market, insurance, investment, operational). A liquidity shortfall may arise in the event of insufficient funding sources or an immediate and significant need for cash or collateral. In addition, it is possible that expected liquidity sources, such as our credit facilities, may be unavailable or inadequate to satisfy the liquidity demands described below. The Company has four primary sources of liquidity exposure and associated drivers that trigger material liquidity demand. Those sources are: Derivative collateral market exposure: Abrupt changes to interest rate, equity, and/or currency markets may increase collateral requirements to counterparties and create liquidity risk for the Company. Asset liability mismatch: There are liquidity risks associated with liabilities coming due prior to the matching asset cash flows. Structural maturities mismatch can occur in activities such as securities lending, where the liabilities are effectively overnight open transactions used to fund longer term assets. Wholesale funding: The Company depends upon the financial markets for funding (such as through the issuance of commercial paper, securities lending and repurchase arrangements and other forms of borrowings in the capital markets). These sources might not be available during times of stress, or may only be available on unfavorable terms, which can result in a decrease in our profitability and a significant reduction in our financial flexibility. Insurance cash flows: The Company faces potential liquidity risks from unexpected cash demands due to severe mortality calamity, customer withdrawals or lapse events. If such events were to occur, the Company may face unexpectedly high levels of claim payments to policyholders. For a discussion of the Company s liquidity and sources and uses of liquidity, including information about legal and regulatory limits on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity. 27 Table of Contents Operational Risk Operational Risk Types The types of operational risks that may impact the Company include, among others, the following: People: Internal fraud, breaches of employment law, unauthorized activities; loss or lack of key personnel, inadequate training; inadequate supervision. Processes: Processing failure; failure to safeguard or retain documents/records; errors in valuation/pricing models and processes; project management or execution failures; improper sales practices; improper administration of our products; failure to adhere to clients investment guidelines. Technology: Failures during the development and implementation of new systems; systems failures. External Events: External crime; cyber-attack; outsourcing risk; vendor risk; natural and other disasters; changes in laws/regulations. Legal and Regulatory: Legal and regulatory compliance failures. See Business Regulation for a discussion of the regulations applicable to the Company. Potential Impacts The potential adverse impacts to our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity due to such operational risks include, among others, the following: Financial losses: The Company experiences a financial loss. This loss may originate from various causes including, but not limited to, transaction processing errors and fraud. Client service impacts: The Company may not be able to service customers. This may result if the Company is unable to continue operations during a business continuation event or if systems are compromised, including as a result of a cyber-attack involving malware and/or a virus. Regulatory fines or sanctions: When the Company fails to comply with applicable laws or regulations, regulatory fines or sanctions may be imposed. In addition, possible restrictions on business activities may result. Legal actions: Failure to comply with laws and regulations also exposes the Company to litigation risk. This may also result in financial losses. Reputational harm : Failure to meet regulator, customer, investor and other stakeholder expectations may cause reputational harm. Liabilities we may incur as a result of operational failures are described further under Contingent Liabilities in Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, certain pending regulatory and litigation matters affecting us, and certain risks to our businesses presented by such matters, are discussed in Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We may become subject to additional regulatory and legal actions in the future. Key Enterprise Operational Risks Key enterprise operational risks include, among others, the following: We are subject to business continuation risk, which is the risk that our operations, systems or data, or those of third-parties on whom we rely, may be disrupted. We may experience a disruption in business continuity as a result of, among other things, the following: Severe pandemic, epidemic, or other public health crises, either naturally occurring or resulting from intentionally manipulated pathogens; Geo-political risks, including armed conflict and civil unrest; Terrorist events; Significant natural or accidental disasters; Cyber-attacks, both systemic (e.g., affecting the internet, cloud services, and/or other financial services industry infrastructure) and targeted (e.g., failures in or breach of our systems or that of third-parties on whom we rely), such as the cybersecurity incident we experienced and disclosed in February 2024; 28 Table of Contents Insider threats; Physical infrastructure outages; and Workforce unavailability resulting from any of the above events, among others. We depend heavily on our telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and continuing availability of data we use to run our businesses and service our customers. These systems, and any available backups, have and may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events or circumstances wholly or partly beyond our control, including cyber-attacks, denial of service, viruses or other malicious activities, power outages, hardware or software malfunctions, defects or degradation, lack of proper maintenance, human error or misuse, and similar events. Further, we face the risk of operational and technology failures experienced by others, including clearing agents, exchanges and other financial intermediaries, and vendors and other third parties to which we outsource the provision of services or business operations. We, or third parties on whom we rely, may not adequately maintain information security . There continues to be significant and increased cyber-attack activity against businesses, including but not limited to Prudential and others in the financial services sector, and no organization, regardless of measures implemented to safeguard the systems and detect threats, is fully immune to cyber-attacks. Our cybersecurity risk remains heightened because of, among other things, the rapidly evolving nature and pervasiveness of cyber threats, including advances in artificial intelligence ( AI ), our brand and reputation, our size and scale, our geographic presence and our role in the financial services industry and the broader economy. See 
