 and mitigation of sustainability risks continues to be embedded across the Group and risk processes, including: Delivery of the Group’s Sustainability Strategy, including the decarbonisation commitments and the development of sustainable – Recognition within the emerging risk identification and evaluation and inclusive offerings, heightens the risk of accusations of processes that emerging sustainability themes and the associated misleading or unsubstantiated representations to the extent of the risks can potentially quickly change from immaterial to material environmental or societal impact of the Group’s activities and the (dynamic materiality); sustainability features of new products (eg greenwashing), which – Advancement in assessment of both physical and transition risks subsequently increases the risk of potential litigation, regulatory across the Group’s operations and investments, including action or reputational damage. Evolving and diverging approaches evaluation of a new tool to assess climate risks on investments, to sustainability efforts in various jurisdictions also create conducting updated assessments of climate-related impacts on challenges in addressing conflicting requirements and operations, and completing an internal assessment of expectations. climate-related impacts on insurance risks; – Workshops and ongoing function-wide training on specific risk Further details of the Group’s sustainability-related risks and legal themes, including sustainability risk principles, greenwashing risk and regulatory compliance risks are included in sections 3.1 and 4.1 and the risks associated with delivery of the Group’s external of the Risk factors. responsible investment commitments; – The definition of appropriate (and longer) time horizons, including with respect to climate risk management, and adding the requirement to consider appropriate time horizons in risk-based decision-making; – Proactive identification, monitoring and assessment of emerging sustainability regulations and policy developments at both global and local levels through horizon scanning; – Continued enhancement of existing frameworks, policies, processes and standards as necessary to mitigate amplified risks and meet regulatory requirements, particularly those associated with product labelling and disclosures; and – Deep dives into emerging and increasingly material sustainability themes, including climate-related risks, and development of Board- level and broader Group-wide training. 73 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 Strategic report Governance Directors' remuneration report Financial statements TEV basis results Additional information Viability statement Viability statement prepared in accordance with provision 31 of the UK Corporate Governance Code The Group’s longer-term prospects Period of viability assessment Prudential’s mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector The Directors have assessed the viability of the Group for a period for this generation and generations to come by providing simple and longer than the 12 months required by the going concern statement. accessible financial and health solutions. As such, Prudential considers that its purpose aligns closely with important societal needs, including The Directors performed the assessment by reference to the three- increasing access to health and financial protection. Prudential is year plan period to 31 December 2028. Three years is considered an focused on driving value creation for all stakeholders in the markets appropriate period as this is the period over which the Group we operate in, and long-term value for our shareholders. undertakes stress testing for the key economic and insurance risk factors which most directly affect the viability of the Group. A period The drivers for this structural growth in the markets in which we of three years is selected as these forecasts are inherently volatile over operate, including favourable demographics, low levels of insurance a longer estimation period. This period also represents the period cover, a large health protection gap and forecast growth in insurance covered by the detailed business plan that is prepared annually on a premiums ahead of the rest of the world, are discussed on pages 14 rolling three-year basis. In approving the business plan, the Directors to 17, alongside the consistent progress we have made in the reviewed the Group’s projected performance with regard to execution of our strategy. In undertaking these activities, we aim both profitability, cash generation and capital position, together with the to meet the evolving needs of our customers and provide ongoing parent company’s liquidity over this three-year period. Assumptions growth for our shareholders, which will support the viability of our applied in the plan include foreign exchange rates, interest rates, business over the longer term. credit spreads, equity growth rates and economic growth rates. The Directors are satisfied that this period is sufficient to enable a During 2025, we have continued to execute our strategy and deliver reasonable assessment of viability to be made. consistent growth. This growth has been broad based, demonstrating the resilience of our position across diversified distribution channels Assessment of principal risks over the period and markets that have attractive demographic and growth profiles. The Group’s business plan implements the Group’s strategic Over the longer term, we believe that our market position, trusted objectives through the pillars and business model discussed on pages household brand, balanced and scaled distribution channels and 28 to 31. Assessment of the risks to achieving the projected integration of life and asset management capabilities will support performance remains an integral part of the planning process. The continued growth in demand for our products in line with the Group’s approach to risk management and a summary of the key structural growth in our chosen markets. risks facing the Group are set out on pages 56 to 73. All of the Group’s activities are underpinned by ongoing risk For the purposes of assessing the Group’s viability, the Directors management, implemented via the Group Risk Framework and risk considered those risks where the impact of possible adverse external appetite limits described in the Group risk review on pages 56 to 58. developments could be of such speed and severity as to present a The Group as a whole and each of its life assurance operations are shock to the Group’s financial position. While all the risks set out in subject to extensive regulation and supervision, which are designed the Risk review have the potential to impact the Group’s primarily to reinforce the Group’s management of its long-term performance, the key risks impacting the Group’s viability are: market solvency, liquidity and viability to ensure that it can continue to meet risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and regulatory risk. The Directors also obligations to policyholders. Further details on the current capital considered geopolitical and technology risk and the potential impact strength of the Group are provided on pages 377 to 380. of the macroeconomic environment in the markets in which the The Group’s management of wider risks to its sustainability objectives Group operates. Mitigation in place for these key risks to viability is set that could pose a threat to the Group in the future, including the out on pages 60 to 63 and 66 to 68. impact of climate change, is set out in the Sustainability section on pages 98 to 151. This risk and regulatory focus supports the sustainability of our business over the longer term. 74 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 Stress and scenario testing As noted above, underpinning the projections in the business plan are a number of economic and other assumptions. To evaluate the Group’s resilience to significant deteriorations in market and credit conditions and other shock events, these risks are grouped together into scenarios which are then applied to the assumptions underlying the business plans. Stresses have been applied to the economic and non-economic assumptions underlying the base case business plan, reflecting the Group’s management of its position within its risk appetite. The stresses applied to our economic plan and other assumptions in two adverse economic scenarios were as below: Property Corporate credit Credit default/ Adverse currency Adverse expense Interest rate stress6 Equity stress6 stress spread increase downgrade movement6 (unit cost) Other stress Global economic (100)bps (20)% to (15)% +75bps 3 times base n/a +10% Adverse slowdown to (25)% assumption policyholder +300bps behaviour Geopolitical risk +100bps to (20)% to (15)% +75bps6 3 times base (10)% +10% Adverse scenario +500bps (25)% assumption policyholder behaviour The sensitivity of the Group’s regulatory solvency at 31 December The impact on the business of known areas of regulatory change 2025 to changes in key assumptions is set out on pages 378 to 379 whose financial implications can be reasonably quantified is also of this Annual Report. In addition, the adequacy of liquid resources of considered as part of the plan. As well as known areas of regulatory the Group’s parent company across the plan period has been change, the Group is exposed to the risk of sudden and unexpected assessed by considering a stress scenario assuming the closure of changes in regulatory requirements at the Group and local levels. short-term debt markets, as well as additional calls on central liquidity While unexpected changes cannot be fully anticipated and hence by the local businesses. In this liquidity stress scenario, the Group modelled, the risk of regulatory change is mitigated by capital held by would have access to sufficient resources to meet the funding the Group and its subsidiaries in excess of Group and local regulatory requirements of the business, after taking into account the Group’s requirements, the Group and its subsidiaries’ ability to generate undrawn committed liquidity facilities of $1.6 billion on top of central significant capital annually through operational delivery and the cash and short-term investment balances, which as at 31 December availability of compensating actions designed to restore key capital 2025 were $4.3 billion. metrics. The scenarios tested showed that the Group would be able to Conclusion on viability maintain viability over the three-year period under assessment, after Based on this assessment, the Directors have a reasonable taking account of the actions available to management to mitigate expectation that the Group will be able to continue in operation and the impacts on capital and liquidity in such scenarios. These actions meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three-year plan period to include, but are not limited to, expense management, increased use December 2028. of reinsurance and repricing of in-force benefits. In addition, the Group conducts an annual reverse stress test, which gives the Directors an understanding of the maximum resilience of the Group to extremely severe adverse scenarios. The analysis assists in identifying management actions that could be implemented to restore the Group’s capital and liquidity resources from extreme positions. This analysis also informs the Group’s recovery plan and liquidity risk management plan. Notes (1) Reflecting products that are classified as variable fee approach only. (2) With the exception of investments backing the shareholders' 10 per cent share of the estate within the Hong Kong participating fund. (3) Excluding assets held to cover linked liabilities. (4) Based on middle ranking from Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch ratings, where available. Where ratings are not available from these rating agencies, local external ratings agencies' ratings and, lastly, internal ratings have been used. (5) Source of segmentation: Bloomberg Sector, Bloomberg Group and Merrill, a Bank of America company. Anything that cannot be identified from the three sources noted is classified as other. (6) Corporate debt comprises corporate bonds and asset-backed securities. 75 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 Strategic report Governance Directors' remuneration report Financial statements TEV basis results Additional information Risk factors Risk factors A number of risk factors may affect the financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of Prudential and its wholly- and jointly-owned businesses, as a whole, and, accordingly, the trading price of Prudential’s shares. The risk factors mentioned below should not be regarded as a complete, exhaustive and comprehensive statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The information given is as of the date of this document, and any forward-looking statements are made subject to the factors specified under ‘Forward-looking statements’. 1. Risks relating to Prudential’s financial condition – A reduction in the financial strength and flexibility of corporate 1.1 entities may result in a deterioration of the credit rating profile and valuation of the Group’s invested credit portfolio (which may lead Prudential’s businesses are inherently subject to to an increase in regulatory capital requirements for the Group or market fluctuations and general economic conditions, its businesses), increased credit defaults and debt restructurings each of which may adversely affect the Group’s and wider credit and liquidity spreads, leading to realised and business, financial condition, results of operations and unrealised credit losses by the Group. Similarly, securitised assets in prospects. the Group’s investment portfolio are subject to default risk and may be adversely impacted by delays or failures of the underlying borrowers to make payments of principal and interest when due. Uncertainty, fluctuations or negative trends in global and national – Failure of Prudential’s counterparties (such as banks, reinsurers and macroeconomic conditions and investment climates could have a counterparties to cash management and risk transfer or hedging material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, transactions) to meet commitments, or legal, regulatory or results of operations and prospects, including as a result of increased reputational restrictions on the Group’s ability to deal with these strategic, business, insurance, product and customer conduct risks, as counterparties, could give rise to a negative impact on Prudential’s well as heightened volatility in financial markets, asset prices and financial position and on the accessibility or recoverability of funding conditions. amounts due or the adequacy of collateral. Geographic or sector concentrations of counterparty credit risk could exacerbate the The financial markets in which Prudential operates are subject to impact of these events where they materialise. uncertainty and volatility created by a variety of factors such as – Estimates of the value of financial instruments may become more actual or expected changes in both monetary and regulatory policies difficult in certain illiquid, volatile or closed markets, and in Mainland China, the US and other jurisdictions together with their determining the value at which financial instruments can be impact on base interest rates and the valuation of asset classes and realised is highly subjective. Processes to ascertain such values inflation expectations; slowdowns or reversals in world or regional require substantial elements of judgement, assumptions and economic growth arising from geopolitical conflicts and/or global estimates (which may change over time). Where the Group is issues such as pandemics, natural catastrophes, and sector-specific required to sell its investments within a defined time frame, such (eg in banking, insurance, or real estate) slowdowns or deteriorations market conditions may result in the sale of these investments at which have the potential to result in widespread contagion impacts. below expected or recorded prices. Other factors include fluctuations in global commodity and energy – The Group holds certain investments that may, by their nature, lack prices, unemployment rates, aging demographics, social unrest, liquidity or have the potential to lose liquidity rapidly, such as concerns over the serviceability of sovereign debt in certain investment funds (including money market funds), privately placed economies, increased levels of geopolitical and political risk and fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, complex structured policy-related uncertainty, protectionism, trade policies, and securities and alternative investments. If these investments were sociopolitical and climate-driven events. required to be liquidated at short notice, the Group could The adverse effects of such factors could be felt principally through experience difficulty in doing so and could be forced to sell them at the following items: a lower price than it otherwise would have been able to realise. – Increased illiquidity driven by the uncertainty over the accessibility – Changes to interest rates could reduce Prudential’s capital strength of financial resources could adversely affect the Group’s ability to and impair its ability to write significant volumes of new business. meet policyholder benefit and expense obligations. This could Increases in interest rates could adversely impact the financial occur if capital resources are reduced as valuations decline under condition of the Group through changes in the present value of extreme market conditions, external capital is unavailable at future fees for unit-linked businesses and/or the present value of sustainable cost, increased liquid assets are required to be held as future profits for accident and health products; and/or reduce the collateral under derivative transactions, or redemption restrictions value of the Group’s assets and/or have a negative impact on its are placed on Prudential’s investments in illiquid funds. In addition, assets under management and profit. Decreases in interest rates significant redemption requests could also be made on Prudential’s could: increase the potential adverse impact of product guarantees issued funds, and while this may not have a direct impact on the included in non-unit-linked products with a savings component; Group’s liquidity, it could result in reputational damage to reduce investment returns on the Group’s portfolios; impact the Prudential. The potential impact of increased illiquidity is more valuation of debt securities; and/or increase reinvestment risk for uncertain than for other risks such as interest rate or credit risk and some of the Group’s investments from accelerated prepayments may be exacerbated during periods of market stress. and increased redemptions. Rapid or volatile changes in interest – A reduction in revenue from the Group’s products could occur rates, rather than sustained directional movements alone, could where fee income is linked to account values or the market value of further increase hedging costs, basis risk and model risk. the funds under management. Sustained inflationary pressures 76 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 which may drive higher interest rates may also impact the medical claims inflation (with rising medical import prices a factor valuation of fixed income investments and reduce fee income. under current market conditions), may adversely impact the – The transition, including where disorderly or fragmented, to a lower profitability of the Group’s businesses. carbon economy, the timing and speed of which is uncertain and will vary by country, may also result in greater uncertainty, Any of the foregoing factors and events, individually or together, fluctuations or negative trends in asset valuations and reduced could have a material adverse effect on Prudential’s business, liquidity, particularly for carbon-intensive sectors, and may have a financial condition, results of operations and prospects. bearing on inflation levels. The extent of the financial market and economic impact of these factors may be highly uncertain and unpredictable and influenced by the actions, including the duration 1.2 and effectiveness of mitigating measures, taken by governments, Geopolitical and political risks and uncertainty may policymakers, institutions and the public. See risk factors 3.1 below. adversely impact economic conditions, increase For some non-unit-linked products with a savings component, it may market volatility and regulatory risks, cause not be possible to hold assets which will provide cash flows to match operational disruption to the Group and its businesses those relating to policyholder liabilities. This may particularly be the and impact the implementation of its strategic plans, case in jurisdictions where bond markets are less developed or where which could have adverse effects on Prudential’s the duration of policyholder liabilities is longer than the duration of business, financial condition, results of operations, bonds issued and available, and in certain markets where regulated and prospects. premium and claim values are set with reference to the interest rate environment prevailing at the time of policy issue. This results in a mismatch due to the duration and uncertainty of the liability cash The Group is exposed to geopolitical and political risks and uncertainty in flows and the lack of sufficient assets of a suitable duration. While the diverse markets in which it operates. Such risks may include: this residual asset/liability mismatch risk can be managed, it cannot be eliminated. If interest rates in these markets are lower than those – The application of government regulations, executive powers, used to calculate premium and claim values over a sustained period, sanctions, protectionist or restrictive economic and/or trade policies this could have a material adverse effect on Prudential’s reported (including tariffs and embargoes) and related measures such as profit and the solvency of its business units. In addition, part of the export controls, investment restrictions/screening and restrictions profit from the Group’s operations is related to bonuses for on the provision of services, restrictions on product design and policyholders declared on participating products, which are impacted repricing, or other measures adopted by governments, businesses by the difference between actual investment returns of the or industries which increase trade barriers or restrict trade, sales, participating fund (which are broadly based on historical and current financial transactions, or the transfer of capital, investment, data rates of return on equity, real estate and fixed income securities) and (including data localisation requirements) or other intellectual minimum guarantee rates offered to policyholders. This profit could property, with respect to specific territories, markets, companies or be lower, particularly in a sustained low interest rate environment. individuals; Bonuses are shaped not only by the aforementioned conditions, but – An increase in the volume and pace of domestic regulatory also by local regulations in certain markets, which require the changes, including those applying to specific sectors or business management of participating funds to ensure a fair and equitable activities; allocation of distributable surplus or profits and alignment with – The increased adoption or implementation of laws and regulations policyholders’ reasonable expectations. This interplay adds further which may purport to have extra-territorial application (including complexity to the effective management of these products and could the extraterritorial or secondary effects of sanction regimes or have a material adverse effect on Prudential’s results of operations other trade restrictions); and prospects. – An increase in military tensions, regional hostilities or new conflicts which may disrupt business operations, investments, market In general, upheavals in the financial markets may affect general confidence and expectations and growth; levels of economic activity, employment and customer behaviour. As – Withdrawals or expulsions from existing trading blocs or a result, insurers may experience an elevated incidence of claims, agreements or financial transaction systems, or fragmentation of fraud, lapses, partial withdrawals or surrenders of policies, and some systems, including those which facilitate cross-border payments; policyholders may choose to defer or stop paying insurance premiums – The implementation of measures favouring local enterprises or reduce deposits into retirement plans. Uncertainty over livelihoods, including changes to the maximum level of non-domestic elevated cost of living and challenges in affordability may adversely ownership by foreign companies, differing treatment of foreign- impact the demand for insurance products and increase regulatory owned businesses under regulations and tax rules, or international risk in meeting regulatory requirements and expectations with respect trade disputes affecting foreign companies; to vulnerable customers (see risk factor 2.7). In addition, there may be – Increased costs due to government mandates or regulations a higher incidence of counterparty failures. If sustained, this imposing a financial contribution to the government as a condition environment is likely to have a negative impact on the insurance for doing business; sector over time and may consequently have a negative impact on – Uncertainty in the enforceability of legal obligations where their Prudential’s business, balance sheet and profitability. For example, interpretation may change or be subject to inconsistent or this could occur if the recoverable value of intangible assets for conflicting interpretation and application across jurisdictions or bancassurance agreements is reduced. New challenges related to over time; and market fluctuations and general economic conditions may continue – Measures which require businesses of overseas companies to to emerge. For example, sustained inflationary pressures driving operate through locally incorporated entities or with local partners, interest rates to higher levels may lead to increased lapses for some or with requirements for minimum local representation on guaranteed savings products where higher levels of guarantees are executive or management committees. offered by products of the Group’s competitors, reflecting consumer The above risks may have an adverse impact on Prudential through demand for returns at the level of, or exceeding, inflation. High their effects on the macroeconomic outlook and the environment for inflation, combined with an economic downturn or recession, may global, regional and national financial markets. Prudential may also also result in affordability challenges, adversely impacting the ability face risks arising from economic sanctions imposed as a result of of consumers to purchase insurance products. Rising inflation, via 77 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 Strategic report Governance Directors' remuneration report Financial statements TEV basis results Additional information Risk factors continued geopolitical conflicts and national security and economic decisions. A material change in the financial condition of any of Prudential’s The above risks may adversely impact the economic, business, legal subsidiaries may have a material effect on the Group's business, and regulatory environment in specific markets or territories in which financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the Group, its joint ventures or jointly owned businesses, sales and distribution networks, or third-party service providers have operations. For internationally active groups such as Prudential, operating across multiple jurisdictions, such measures may add to the complexity of 1.4 legal and regulatory compliance and increase the risk of conflicts Prudential’s investment portfolio is subject to the risk between the requirements of one jurisdiction and another and the of potential sovereign debt credit deterioration, which potential for increased compliance costs or restrictions on business could have a material adverse effect on Prudential’s activities. See risk factors 4.1 and 4.3 below. business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Geopolitical and political risks and uncertainty may adversely impact the Group’s operations and its operational resilience. Increasing geopolitical and political tensions may lead to conflict, civil unrest Investing in sovereign debt creates exposure to the direct or indirect and/or civil disobedience as well as increases in domestic and cross- consequences of geopolitical, political, social or economic changes border cyber intrusion activity or other forms of hostile or malicious (including changes in governments, heads of state or monarchs), activity. Such events could impact operational resilience by disrupting military conflicts, regime change, pandemics and associated Prudential’s IT systems, both software and hardware (including any disruption, and other events affecting the markets in which the issuers network, storage, applications, models and platform technologies), of such debt are located and the creditworthiness of the sovereign. operations, new business sales and renewals, distribution channels Investment in sovereign debt obligations involves risks that are and services to customers, which may result in a reduction in different from investment in the debt obligations of corporate issuers. contributions from business units to the central cash balances and In addition, the issuer of the debt or the governmental authorities profit of the Group, decreased profitability, financial loss, adverse that control the repayment of the debt may be unable or unwilling to customer impacts and reputational damage and could require the repay principal or pay interest when due (or in the agreed currency) in diversion of management attention and resources. accordance with the terms of such debt, and Prudential may have limited recourse to compel payment in the event of a default or Legislative or regulatory changes and geopolitical or political risks restructuring. A sovereign debtor’s willingness or ability to repay which adversely impact the international trading and economic principal and to pay interest in a timely manner may be affected by, relationships of Hong Kong, which is both a key market and the among other factors, its financial position, the extent and availability location of Group head office functions, may result in adverse sales, of its foreign currency reserves, the availability of sufficient foreign operational and product distribution impacts to the Group and could exchange on the date a payment is due, the relative size of the debt impair the Group’s ability to coordinate regional or global operations service burden to the economy as a whole, the sovereign debtor’s efficiently. policy toward local and international lenders, geopolitical tensions and conflicts and the political constraints to which the sovereign debtor may be subject. Fiscal risks faced by sovereigns could increase 1.3 due to elevated levels of indebtedness and increasing demands on government budgets stemming from rising social welfare costs, As a holding company, Prudential is dependent upon defence expenditures and climate transition efforts. its subsidiaries to cover operating expenses, dividend payments and share buybacks. Any changes in the Moreover, governments may use a variety of techniques, such as financial condition of Prudential’s subsidiaries could intervention by their central banks or imposition of regulatory controls have an adverse effect on the Group's business, or taxes, to devalue their currencies’ exchange rates, or may adopt financial condition, results of operations and monetary, fiscal and other policies (including to manage their debt prospects. burdens) that have a similar effect, all of which could adversely impact the value of an investment in sovereign debt even in the absence of a technical default. Periods of economic uncertainty may The Group’s insurance and asset management operations are affect the volatility of market prices of sovereign debt to a greater generally conducted through direct and indirect subsidiaries, which extent than the volatility inherent in debt obligations of other types of are subject to the risks discussed elsewhere in this ‘Risk factors’ issuers and may reduce market liquidity of these debts. section. In addition, if a sovereign default or other such events described As a holding company, Prudential’s principal sources of funds are above were to occur, as has happened on certain occasions in the remittances from subsidiaries, shareholder-backed funds, the past, other financial institutions may also suffer losses or experience shareholder transfer from long-term funds and any amounts that solvency or other concerns, which may result in Prudential facing may be raised through the issuance of equity, debt and commercial additional risks relating to investments in such financial institutions paper. that are held in the Group’s investment portfolio. There is also risk that public perceptions about the stability and creditworthiness of Prudential’s subsidiaries are generally subject to insurance, asset financial institutions and the financial sector generally might be management, foreign exchange and tax laws, rules and regulations adversely affected, as might counterparty relationships between (including in relation to distributable profits that can limit their ability financial institutions. to make remittances). In some circumstances, including where there are changes to general market conditions, this could limit Prudential’s If a sovereign were to default on or restructure its obligations, or ability to pay dividends to shareholders, to make available funds held adopt policies that devalued or otherwise altered the currencies in in certain subsidiaries to cover the operating expenses of other which its obligations were denominated, this could have a material members of the Group, or to execute business strategies such as share adverse effect on Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of buybacks. operations and prospects. 78 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 1.5 1.6 Downgrades in Prudential’s financial strength and Prudential is subject to the risk of exchange rate credit ratings could significantly impact its competitive fluctuations owing to the geographical diversity of its position and damage its relationships with creditors or businesses. trading counterparties. Prudential’s operations generally write policies and invest in assets denominated in local currencies, but in some markets Prudential also Prudential’s financial strength and credit ratings, which are used by writes policies and invests in assets denominated in non-local the market to measure its ability to meet policyholder obligations, are currencies, primarily in the US dollar. Although this practice limits the important factors affecting public confidence in Prudential’s effect of exchange rate fluctuations on local operating results, it can products, and, as a result, its competitiveness. Downgrades in lead to fluctuations in Prudential’s consolidated financial statements Prudential’s ratings as a result of, for example, decreased profitability, upon the translation of results into the Group’s presentation currency. a deteriorating solvency position, increased costs, increased This exposure is not separately managed at the Group level. The indebtedness or other concerns could have an adverse effect on its Group presents its consolidated financial statements in the US dollar. ability to market products, retain current policyholders and attract The results of some entities within the Group are not denominated in new policyholders, as well as the Group’s ability to compete for or linked to the US dollar and some enter into transactions which are acquisition and strategic opportunities. Downgrades could have an conducted in non-US-dollar currencies. Prudential is subject to the risk adverse effect on the Group’s financial flexibility, including its ability of exchange rate fluctuations from the translation of the results of to issue commercial paper in a timely manner at acceptable levels these entities and non-US-dollar transactions, including the risks from and pricing, if at all, the potential imposition of higher funding costs, the maintenance of the HK dollar peg to the US dollar. In cases where requirements to post collateral under or in connection with a non-US-dollar-denominated surplus arises in an operation which is transactions, and constraints on its ability to manage market risk to be used to support Group capital or shareholders’ interest (ie exposures. The interest rates at which Prudential is able to borrow remittances), this currency exposure may be hedged where funds are affected by its credit ratings, which are in place to measure considered economically favourable. Prudential is also subject to the Group’s ability to meet its contractual obligations. residual risks arising from currency swaps and other derivatives that In addition, changes in methodologies and criteria used by rating are used to manage such currency exposure. In addition, there may agencies could result in downgrades that do not reflect changes in the be second-order effects arising from changes in policyholder behavior general economic conditions or Prudential’s financial condition or if policies denominated in a foreign currency (eg US dollar) are operating performance. deemed unattractive, which could lead to higher surrender outgo and unfavourable shifts in new business sales. Any such downgrades could have a material adverse effect on Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Prudential cannot predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions Prudential may take in response to any such actions, which could also adversely affect its business and prospects. 2 Risks relating to Prudential’s business activities and industry changes and shifts in business or operating models may also create uncertainty for employees and place additional strain on operational 2.1 capacity and change-management practices and could adversely The implementation of large-scale transformation, affect employee engagement, retention and productivity. Initiatives including complex strategic initiatives, gives rise to undertaken to execute the Group’s strategy, enhance the control significant design and execution risks and may affect environment, adopt significant accounting standard changes and/or respond to regulatory developments may further amplify these risks. Prudential’s operational capability and capacity. Risks relating to these regulatory changes are described in risk factor Failure of these initiatives to meet their objectives 4.1 below. may adversely impact the Group and the delivery of its strategy. The rapid pace of technological advancement presents both opportunities and risks for the Group’s transformation journey. Prudential’s exploration and implementation of innovative Prudential undertakes operating model changes, corporate technologies, particularly artificial intelligence (AI), to enhance restructurings, transformation programmes and acquisitions or operational efficiency, decision-making, and strategic agility, exposes disposals to support its business strategy, enhance customer Prudential to challenges or failures in adopting innovative experience, strengthen operational resilience, meet regulatory and technologies, such as failure to systematically, prudently and/or industry requirements, and maintain competitiveness. These effectively implement AI, and may put Prudential at risk of losing initiatives are often large-scale, complex and interconnected, aiming competitive advantage, as well as exposure to additional regulatory, to drive efficiency, enhance digital capabilities, and expand strategic information security, privacy, operational, ethical and conduct risks. partnerships across multiple business functions and markets. While High-quality training data is essential for building accurate and robust there can be no assurance of the successful completion or realisation AI models. Without sufficient, well-structured and relevant data, AI of the intended benefits, if at all, of these initiatives, unplanned costs, systems may produce unreliable or biased results or outputs that are implementation delays or failure to deliver intended outcomes could not explainable or auditable. Real-world data collected during adversely affect Prudential’s business, employees, customers, deployment and ongoing monitoring and updates may improve the financial condition, results of operations or prospects and could result reliability, efficiency and performance of AI models, but may also in the diversion of management attention and resources. Leadership introduce new risks if such data is incomplete, inaccurate, improperly 79 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 Strategic report Governance Directors' remuneration report Financial statements TEV basis results Additional information Risk factors continued governed or biased. Prudential seeks to consider potential risks and advantage of new business opportunities in the markets in which it negative outcomes, and proactively build risk mitigation governance operates, which may have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, practices, when implementing AI technologies to mitigate these financial condition, results of operations, growth and prospects. unintended effects, 2.2 2.3 Adverse experience in the operational risks inherent in Prudential’s businesses are conducted in highly Prudential’s business, and those of its material competitive environments with rapidly developing outsourcing partners, could disrupt its business demographic trends. The profitability of the Group’s functions and have a negative impact on its business, businesses depends on management’s ability to financial condition, results of operations and respond to these pressures and trends. prospects. The markets for financial services are highly competitive, with a Operational risks are present in all of Prudential’s businesses, number of factors affecting Prudential’s ability to sell its products and including the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal its profitability, including price and yields offered, financial strength processes, systems or human error, misconduct, fraud, the effects of and ratings, range of product lines and product quality, range of natural or man-made catastrophic events (such as natural disasters, distribution channels (including the emergence of new distribution pandemics, cyber attacks, acts of terrorism, military conflict, civil models) and distribution quality, illustrative point-of-sale customer unrest and other catastrophes) or other external events. These risks investment returns, ability to implement and comply with regulatory may also adversely impact Prudential through its partners. Prudential changes, the imposition of regulatory sanctions, brand strength and relies on the performance and operations of a number of agency, name recognition, investment management performance and fund bancassurance, outsourcing (including but not limited to external management trends, historical bonus levels, delivery of non- technology, data hosting and payments) and service partners. These guaranteed benefits (notably non-guaranteed investment returns) include back-office support functions, such as those relating to according to reasonable customer expectations set at and after the technology infrastructure, development and support, and customer- point-of-sale, the ability to respond to developing demographic facing operations and services, such as product distribution and services trends, societal expectations, political influences, customer appetite (including through digital channels), and investment operations. This for different types of insurance products, technological advances, and creates reliance upon the operational resilience of these partners and the interplay of these factors. In some of its markets, Prudential faces exposes Prudential to the risk that the operations and services provided by competitors that are larger, have greater financial resources or a these partners are disrupted, or fail to meet required service levels. Further, greater market share, have different financial and/or risk appetites, Prudential operates in extensive and evolving legal and regulatory offer a broader range of products or have higher bonus rates. Further, environments which adds to the complexity of the governance and heightened competition for talented and skilled employees, agents operation of its business processes and controls. and independent financial advisers may limit Prudential’s potential to grow its business as quickly as planned or otherwise implement its Exposure to such risks could impact Prudential’s operational resilience strategy. Technological advances, including those enabling increased and ability to perform necessary business functions if there are capability for gathering large volumes of customer health data and disruptions to its systems, operations, new business sales and developments in capabilities and tools for analysing and interpreting renewals, distribution channels and services to customers, or could such data (such as AI, machine learning and predictive models as well result in the loss of confidential or proprietary data. Such risks, as well as other digital technologies), may result in increased competition to as any weaknesses in administration systems (such as those relating the Group, and may reshape customer expectations and potentially to policyholder records) or actuarial reserving processes, may also give rise to new distribution models that may impact traditional result in increased expenses, as well as legal and regulatory penalties distribution channels. This may also increase the competition risks or sanctions, decreased profitability, financial loss and customer resulting from a failure by the Group to retain existing talent, as well conduct risk impacts. This could damage Prudential’s reputation and as hiring for newly emerging roles. Additionally, evolving regulatory relationships with its customers and business partners. A failure to requirements and the development of new technologies, including AI, adequately oversee service partners (or their technology and may vary across the markets the Group operates in. This could limit operational systems and processes including their security) could the Group's ability to implement these technologies uniformly, result in significant service degradation or disruption to Prudential’s resulting in disparities in innovation and cost efficiency, and adversely business operations and services to its customers, which may have impacting the Group's competitive position. reputational or conduct risk implications and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of The Group’s principal competitors include global life insurers, regional operations and prospects. insurers and multinational asset managers. In most markets, there are also local companies that have a material market presence. Prudential’s business requires the processing of a large number of transactions for a diverse range of products. It also employs complex Prudential believes that competition will intensify across all regions in and interconnected technology and finance systems, models and response to consumer demand, digital and other technological user-centric applications in its processes to perform a range of advances (including the use of AI to improve operational efficiency and operational functions. These functions include the calculation of enhance customer experiences), new entrants with business models regulatory or internal capital requirements, the valuation of assets that have the potential to disrupt the existing value chain, the need and liabilities, and the acquisition of new business using AI and digital for economies of scale and the consequential impact of consolidation, applications. Many of these tools form an integral part of Prudential’s regulatory actions and other factors. Prudential’s ability to generate an information and decision-making frameworks, and errors, limitations appropriate return depends significantly upon its capacity to anticipate or misinterpretation of such tools may give rise to adverse and respond appropriately to these competitive pressures. consequences in core business activities, decision-making and Failure to do so may adversely impact Prudential’s ability to attract and reporting. Errors or limitations in these tools, or their inappropriate retain customers and, importantly, may limit Prudential’s ability to take usage, may lead to regulatory breaches, inappropriate decision- 80 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 making, financial loss, customer detriment, inaccurate external The vast amount of personal and financial data held by financial reporting or reputational damage. The long-term nature of much of services companies makes them attractive targets for cyber crime the Group’s business also means that accurate records must be groups. Recent trends indicate that ransomware attacks are on the maintained securely for significant time periods. rise due to the proliferation of ransomware exploit toolkits and Ransomware-as-a-Service (RaaS) offerings, which provide threat The performance of the Group’s core business activities and the actors with easy access to powerful attack tools. Simultaneously, uninterrupted availability of services to customers rely significantly on global cyber security threats are becoming more sophisticated and and require significant investment in resilient IT applications, data impactful. As financial institutions increasingly rely on third-party hosting, infrastructure and security architectural design, data vendors and interconnected systems, vulnerabilities in these supply governance and management and other operational systems, chains can also be exploited by cyber criminals. A compromised personnel, controls and mature processes. During large-scale vendor or service provider could inadvertently introduce malicious disruptive events or times of significant change, or due to other code or backdoors into the financial institution’s infrastructure, factors impacting operational performance including adequacy of leading to potential data breaches or ransomware incidents or skilled/experienced personnel, the operational effectiveness of these operational disruption. systems and processes at Prudential and/or its third-party service providers may be adversely impacted. In particular, Prudential and its Prudential’s increasing profile in its current markets and those in business partners are making increasing use of emerging which it is entering, growing customer interest in interacting with their technological tools and digital services, or forming strategic insurance providers and asset managers through the internet and partnerships with third parties to provide these capabilities. social media, improved brand awareness, and increasing adoption of Automated distribution channels and services to customers increase the Group’s digital platforms could also increase the likelihood of the criticality of providing uninterrupted services. A failure to Prudential being considered a target by cyber criminals. implement appropriate governance and management of the incremental operational risks from emerging technologies may There is an increasing requirement and expectation on Prudential and adversely impact Prudential’s reputation and brand, the results of its its business partners not only to hold the data of customers, operations, its ability to attract and retain customers and its ability to shareholders and employees securely, but also to ensure its ongoing deliver on its long-term strategy and therefore its competitiveness accuracy and that it is being used in a transparent, appropriate and and long-term financial success. ethical way, including in decision-making where automated processes or AI are employed. As Prudential and its business partners increasingly Although Prudential’s technology, compliance and other operational adopt digital technology (including AI) in business operations, the data systems, models and processes incorporate strong governance and the Group generates creates an opportunity to enhance customer controls designed to manage and mitigate the operational and model engagement while maintaining a responsibility to keep customers’ risks associated with its activities, there can be no complete assurance personal data safe. Various policies and frameworks are in place to as to the resilience of these systems and processes or that governance govern the handling of customers' data. Failure to adhere to these and controls will always be effective, if at all. Due to human error, policies may result in regulatory scrutiny and sanctions and detriment among other reasons, operational and model risk incidents may occur to customers and third-party partners, and may adversely impact the from time to time, and no system or process can entirely prevent reputation and brand of the Group, its ability to attract and retain them. Prudential’s legacy and other technology systems, data and customers, and deliver on its long-term strategy. processes, as with operational systems and processes generally, may also be susceptible to failure or security/data breaches. The risk to the Group of not meeting these requirements and expectations may be increased by the expansion of cloud-based infrastructure and the usage of digital distribution and service channels, which can collect a broader range of personal and health- 2.4 related data from individuals at increased scale and speed, as well as Cyber security risks, including attempts to access or the use of complex tools, machine learning and AI technologies to disrupt Prudential’s technology systems, and loss or process, analyse and interpret this data. misuse of personal data, could have potential adverse New and currently unforeseeable regulatory, reputational and financial impacts on the Group and could result in operational issues may also arise from the increased use of emerging loss of trust from Prudential’s customers and technology such as generative AI which requires careful consideration employees and reputational damage, which in turn and guardrails established to enable its safe use. Regulatory could have material adverse effects on the Group’s developments in cyber security and data protection continue to business, financial condition, results of operations progress worldwide. The focus on data privacy has continued to and prospects. increase, with regulators in Asia and globally introducing new data privacy laws or enhancing existing ones. Such developments may increase the complexity of requirements and obligations in this area, Prudential and its business partners operate in an escalating cyber security in particular where they involve AI or data localisation restrictions, or risk landscape. Individuals (including employees, contractors and agents), where they require system-level modifications to digital applications groups or AI-enabled cyber tools may pose intentional or unintentional or platforms or impose differing and/or conflicting requirements threats to the availability, confidentiality, and integrity of Prudential’s compared with those of other jurisdictions. technology systems. These risks extend to the security of both corporate and customer data. The evolution of ransomware (a form of malicious Prudential faces increased financial and reputational risks due to both software (malware) designed to restrict data access until a ransom is paid) dynamic changes in the regulatory landscape and the risk of a could pose a threat to Prudential by impeding operations or resulting in significant breach of IT systems or data. These risks extend to joint the public exposures of sensitive information if the ransom is not promptly ventures and third-party suppliers in light of a dynamic cyber threat paid. Where these risks materialise, they could result in disruption to key landscape including supply chain compromise, computer viruses, operations, make it difficult to recover critical data or services, or result in unauthorised access and cyber security attacks such as ‘denial of damage to assets, any of which could result in loss of trust from service’ attacks, phishing and disruptive software campaigns. Despite Prudential’s customers and employees, reputational damage and direct or multi-layered security defences, there is no guarantee that such indirect financial loss. events will not occur, and they could have significant adverse effects 81 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 Strategic report Governance Directors' remuneration report Financial statements TEV basis results Additional information Risk factors continued on Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 2.6 Prudential operates in certain markets with joint 2.5 venture partners and other shareholders and third parties. These businesses face the same risks as the Prudential’s digital platforms may heighten existing rest of the Group and also give rise to certain risks to business risks to the Group or introduce new risks as Prudential that the Group does not face with respect the markets in which it operates, and its partnerships to its wholly-owned subsidiaries, which could and product offerings evolve. adversely affect Prudential’s reputation and its business, financial condition, results of operations Prudential’s digital platforms are subject to a number of risks, and prospects. including those related to legal and regulatory compliance and the conduct of business; the execution of complex change initiatives; Prudential operates, and in certain markets is required by local information security and data privacy; the use of models and the regulation to operate, through joint ventures and other joint handling of personal data (including those using or used by AI); the ownership or third-party arrangements (including associates). The resilience and integrity of IT infrastructure and operations; and the financial condition, operations and reputation of the Group may be management of third parties. These existing risks for the Group may adversely impacted, or the Group may face regulatory censure, in the be increased due to several factors: event that any of its partners fails or is unable to meet its obligations under the arrangements, encounters financial difficulty, or fails to – The number of current and planned markets in which Prudential’s comply with local or international regulation and standards such as digital platforms operate, each with their own laws and regulations, those pertaining to the prevention of financial crime and regulatory and supervisory authorities, the scope of application of sustainability (including climate-related) risks (see risk factor 3.1 which may be uncertain, conflicting or change at pace, may below), or fails to resolve disputes that may arise from existing increase regulatory compliance risks; agreements or during the course of implementing business strategy. – The implementation of planned digital platforms and services, Reputational risks to the Group are amplified where any joint ventures which may require the delivery of complex, interconnected change or jointly owned businesses carry the Prudential name. initiatives across current and planned markets. This may give rise to design and execution risks, which could be amplified where these A portion of the Group’s business comes from its joint venture and change initiatives are delivered concurrently; associate businesses in Mainland China and India, respectively. For – The increased volume, breadth and sensitivity of data on which the such operations, the level of control exercisable by the Group depends digital platforms are dependent and to which the Group has access, on the terms of the contractual agreements as well as local regulatory holds, analyses and processes through its models, increases constraints applicable to the joint venture and associate businesses, information security, data privacy and usage risks. Furthermore, the such as listing requirements; and, in particular, those terms providing use of complex models, including where AI is used for critical for the allocation of control among, and continued cooperation decision-making, in an application’s features and offerings may between, the participants. As a result, the level of oversight, control give rise to ethical, operational, security, conduct, litigation and and access to management information the Group is able to exercise reputational risks if they do not function as intended, if at all; at these operations may be lower compared to the Group’s wholly- – Reliance on and/or collaboration with a number of third-party owned businesses. This may increase the uncertainty for the Group partners and providers, which may vary according to the market. over the financial condition of these operations, including the This may increase operational disruption risks to the uninterrupted valuation of their investment portfolios and the extent of their provision of services to customers, regulatory compliance and invested credit and counterparty credit risk exposure, resulting in conduct risks, and the potential for reputational risks; and heightened risks to the Group as a whole. This may particularly be the – Support for, and development of, the platforms being provided case where the geographies in which these operations are located outside some of the individual markets in which the platforms experience market or sector-specific slowdowns, disruption, volatility operate, which may increase the complexity of local legal and or deterioration. In addition, the level of control exercisable by the regulatory compliance. Group could be affected by changes in the maximum level of foreign ownership imposed on foreign companies in certain jurisdictions. The New product offerings and functionality (including those supported exposure of the Group to the risks detailed in risk factor 2.1 above by AI) may be developed and provided through digital platforms, may also evolve in line with the Group’s strategic initiatives, such as which may introduce new regulatory, operational, conduct and the expansion of the Group’s operations through joint ventures or strategic risks for the Group. Regulations may be introduced, which jointly-owned businesses. limit the permitted scope of online or digitally distributed insurance and asset management services, or deployment of new technological In addition, a significant proportion of the Group’s product services, and may restrict current or planned offerings provided by the distribution is carried out through agency arrangements and platform. contractual arrangements with third-party service providers not controlled by Prudential, such as bancassurance arrangements, and A failure to implement appropriate governance and management of the Group is therefore dependent upon the continuation of these the incremental and new risks detailed above may adversely impact relationships. The effectiveness of these arrangements, or temporary Prudential’s reputation and brand, its ability to attract and retain or permanent disruption to them, such as through significant customers, its competitiveness, its ability to deliver on its long-term deterioration in the reputation, financial position or other strategy and the financial position of the Group. circumstances of the third-party service providers, material failure in controls (such as those pertaining to third-party service providers’ systems failure or the prevention of financial crime), regulatory changes affecting their governance or operation, or their failure to meet any regulatory requirements could adversely affect Prudential’s reputation and its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 82 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 repricing is dependent on the availability of operational and resource 2.7 capacity to do so, as well as the Group’s ability to implement such repricing in light of the increased regulatory restrictions, political Adverse experience relative to the assumptions used in influences, and customer and societal expectations reflecting the pricing products and reporting business results could affordability of insurance products and the protection of vulnerable have a material adverse effect on Prudential’s customers, as well as the commercial considerations of the markets business, financial condition, results of operations and the Group operates in. Increasing regulatory requirements relating to prospects. the design and repricing of medical reimbursement products may also impact the profitability of these products. Further, the profitability of the Group’s businesses may be adversely impacted by downgrade In common with other life insurers, the profitability of the Group’s and/or policy termination experience following any repricing of businesses depends on a mix of factors including mortality and medical reimbursement products. morbidity levels and trends, policy surrenders and other policy discontinuances or alterations, customer take-up rates on product In addition, Prudential’s business may be adversely affected by options, economic conditions, investment performance and epidemics, pandemics and other effects that give rise to a large impairments, unit costs of administration and new business number of deaths or additional sickness claims, as well as increases in acquisition expenses. The potential adverse impacts to the profitability the cost of medical claims. Pandemics, significant influenza and other of the Group’s businesses from the upheavals in financial markets and epidemics have occurred a number of times historically, but the levels of economic activity on customer behaviours are described in risk likelihood, timing or severity of future events cannot be predicted. The factor 1.1 above. effectiveness of external parties, including governmental and non- governmental organisations, in combatting the spread and severity of Prudential, like other insurers, needs to make assumptions about a any epidemics, as well as pharmaceutical treatments and vaccines number of factors in determining the pricing of its products, for (and their rollouts) and non-pharmaceutical interventions, could have setting reserves, and for reporting its capital levels and the results of a material impact on the Group’s claims experience. its long-term business operations. A further factor is the assumptions that Prudential makes about future expected levels of the rates of Prudential uses reinsurance to selectively transfer mortality, morbidity early termination of products by its customers (known as persistency). and other risks. This exposes the Group to: the counterparty risk of a This is relevant to a number of lines of business in the Group. reinsurer being unable to pay reinsurance claims or otherwise meet Prudential’s persistency assumptions reflect a combination of recent their commitments; the risk that a reinsurer changes reinsurance past experience for each relevant line of business and expert terms and conditions of coverage, or increases the price of judgement, especially where a lack of relevant and credible reinsurance which Prudential is unable to pass on to its customers; the experience data exists. Any expected change in future persistency is risk of ambiguity in the reinsurance terms and conditions leading to also reflected in the assumptions. If actual levels of persistency are uncertainty whether an event is covered under a reinsurance contract; significantly different than assumed, the Group’s results of operations and the risk of being unable to replace an existing reinsurer, or find a could be adversely affected. new reinsurer, for the risk transfer being sought. The Group’s businesses are subject to inflation risk. In particular, the Any of the foregoing, individually or together, could have a material Group’s medical insurance businesses are also exposed to medical adverse effect on Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of inflation risk, which is often in excess of general price inflation. While operations and prospects. the Group has the ability to reprice some of its products, such 3 Risks relating to sustainability (including environmental, social and governance (ESG) and climate-related) matters a Environmental risks 3.1 Environmental concerns, notably those associated with climate The failure to understand and respond effectively to change, biodiversity loss and nature degradation, present potential the risks associated with sustainability factors could long-term risks to the sustainability ambitions of Prudential and may adversely affect Prudential’s achievement of its impact its customers and other stakeholders. Prudential is therefore exposed to the long-term impact of climate change and nature long-term strategy. degradation risks, which include the financial and non-financial impacts of transition, physical, reputational and shareholder, regulatory, customer or third-party litigation risks. Sustainability-related risks refer to (i) environmental, social or governance issues, trends or events that could have a financial or non- Recognising the long-term nature of the Group’s investment time financial impact on the Group, and/or (ii) the Group’s sustainability- horizon, the global transition, including where disorderly or focused activities, strategy and commitments that could have an fragmented, to a lower carbon economy and nature preservation may external impact on the environment and wider society. A failure to have an adverse impact on investment valuations and liquidity as the manage the risks associated with key sustainability themes may financial assets of carbon-intensive companies in some asset sectors undermine Prudential’s financial performance, operational resilience re-price as a result of increased operating costs and a reduction in and sustainability credentials, adversely impact its reputation and demand for their products and services. The speed of this transition, brand, and its ability to attract and retain customers, investors, and the extent to which it is orderly and managed versus disorderly employees and distribution and other business partners, and and reactive, will be influenced by factors such as changes in therefore the results of its operations and the delivery of its business geopolitics, public policy, technology and customer or investor strategy and long-term financial success. As investors are increasingly sentiment. Prudential’s stakeholders increasingly expect and/or rely being seen as partly responsible for the actions of the companies they on the Group to support an orderly, inclusive and sustainable invest in, Prudential, as an asset owner and asset manager, may also transition based on an understanding of the relevant market and incur sustainability-related risks from investee companies. investee-company-level transition plans with consideration given to the impact on the economies, businesses, communities and 83 Prudential plc Annual Report 2025 Strategic report Governance Directors' remuneration report Financial statements TEV basis results Additional information Risk factors continued customers in these markets. The potential economic impacts of As a provider of insurance and investment services, the Group is transition risks may also have a broader economic impact that may increasingly focused on making its products more accessible through adversely affect customers and their demand for the Group’s the use of digital services, technologies and distribution methods to products. customers. As a result, Prudential has access to extensive amounts of customer personal data, including data related to personal health, The Group’s ability to sufficiently understand, measure and and an increasing ability to analyse and interpret this data through appropriately respond to transition risk may be limited by insufficient the use of complex tools, machine learning and AI technologies. The or unreliable data on the carbon exposure, nature impacts and Group is therefore exposed to an increase in technology risk, including dependencies, and transition plans of investee companies. This may potential unintended consequences from algorithmic biases, as well impact the Group’s ability to deliver on its external decarbonisation as regulatory, ethical and reputational risks associated with customer commitments and the implementation of sustainability data misuse or security breaches. These risks are explained in risk considerations in existing or new sustainability-orientated investment factors 2.4 and 2.5 above. The increasing digitalisation of products, strategies and products. Additionally, current limitations in financial services and processes may also result in new and unforeseen climate and nature modelling tools make it challenging to assess the regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations, including financial impact of climate-related risks on the Group and its those relating to how the Group supports its customers through this investment portfolio, particularly for longer-term time horizons. transformation. The direct physical impacts of climate change and nature Failure to foster an inclusive, diverse and open environment for the degradation, including shorter-term event-driven (acute) physical risks Group’s employees in accordance with the Group Code of Conduct such as increasingly frequent and severe typhoons, floods, heatwaves, could impact the ability to attract and/or retain employees and and wildfires, and those associated with longer-term shifts in climate increase potential reputational risk. The business practices within the patterns such as elevated temperatures, extremely high rainfall, and Group’s third-party supply chain and investee companies with regards prolonged drought (chronic physical risks), may become increasingly to topics including labour standards, respect for human rights and significant factors in the mortality and morbidity risk assessments for modern slavery also expose the Group to potential reputational risk. the Group’s insurance product underwriting and offerings and their associated claims profiles. These physical climate risks have the Insurers use the claims and risk profiles of different homogeneous potential to disproportionately impact economies in the Asia and customer cohorts such as age, gender and health status to determine Africa markets in which Prudential operates and invests. Similarly, the insurance premiums and/or charges. In some societal settings, nature-related physical risks can impact life and health liabilities insurers' ability to set differential premiums and/or charges may be where, for example, pollution, poor water quality, waste viewed as an equitable and risk-based practice. In other societal contamination and overexploitation of the natural environment can settings, this may be viewed as discriminatory. Failure to understand all contribute to biodiversity degradation, which in turn can and manage these divergent views across the markets in which potentially pose threats to human health. Prudential operates may adversely impact the financial condition and reputation of the Group. A failure to understand, manage and provide greater transparency of its exposure to these environment-related risks may have increasingly c Governance adverse implications for Prudential and its stakeholders. At the same A failure to maintain high standards of corporate governance may time, evolving and diverging approaches to sustainability in different adversely impact the Group, its customers and its employees, jurisdictions, in some cases with extraterritorial reach, create increasing the risk of poor decision-making and inadequate oversight challenges for global businesses such as Prudential in meeting and management of key risks. Poor governance may arise where key differing requirements and expectations. governance committees lack independence, diversity, skills or experience among their members, or where oversight responsibilities b Social risks and mandates are unclear or insufficient. Inadequate oversight over Social risks that could impact Prudential may arise from a failure to remuneration also increases the risk of poor senior management consider diversity, wellbeing, changing needs, human rights and behaviour. interests of its customers and employees and the communities in which the Group or its third parties operate. Perceived or actual Prudential operates across multiple jurisdictions and has a group and inequity and income disparities have the potential to further erode subsidiary governance structure which may add further complexity to social cohesion across the markets in which the Group operates, which these considerations. Participation in joint ventures or partnerships may increase operational and disruption risks for Prudential and where Prudential does not have direct overall control, along with the impact the delivery of the Group’s strategy across these markets. use of third-party service providers, increases the potential for Direct physical impacts of climate change and deterioration of the reputational risks arising from inadequate governance. natural environment, together with the societal impact from actions that support the global transition to a lower carbon economy, may The pace and volume of global standards and sustainability, disproportionately impact the stability of livelihoods and health of environmental and climate-related regulations emerging across the lower socioeconomic groups within the markets in which the Group markets in which the Group operates, the Group's goals of delivering operates. These risks are heightened as Prudential operates in on existing and new exclusions or restrictions on investments in multiple jurisdictions that are particularly vulnerable to climate certain sectors, engagements and reporting commitments, such as change and biodiversity degradation, with distinct local cultures and the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) standards for considerations. climate-related disclosures, and the demand for externally assured reporting may give rise to regulatory compliance, operational, Evolving social norms and emerging population risks associated with disclosure and litigation risks, which may be increased by the multi- public health trends (such as an increase in obesity, metabolic jurisdictional coordination required in adopting a consistent risk syndrome and mental health deterioration) and demographic management approach. The launch of sustainability-focused funds or changes (such as population urbanisation and ageing), as well as products, or the (method of) incorporation of sustainability potential migration or displacement due to factors including climate- considerations within the investment process for existing products, and nature-related developments, may affect customer lifestyles and may increase the risks related to the perceived fulfilment of fiduciary therefore may impact the level of claims and pers
