. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider the risks described below that we believe may be material to investors in evaluating the Company. This section contains forward-looking statements, and in considering these statements, you should refer to the qualifications and limitations on our forward-looking statements that are described in Item 1. Business. Risks Related to Our Properties and Our Business Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or other events that could damage or otherwise disrupt our ability to operate our facilities could adversely impact our business and financial results. Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, drought, extreme temperatures and floods, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, and other events that damage our facilities or our tenants property, or that make our facilities temporarily unavailable, have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business and financial results. Damage and business interruption losses could exceed the aggregate limits of our insurance coverage. In addition, because we self-insure a portion of our risks, losses below a certain level may not be covered by insurance. See Note 16 to our December 31, 2025 consolidated financial statements for a description of the risks of losses that are not covered by third-party insurance contracts. Our exposure to these types of events is increased by potential tenant claims associated with our tenant reinsurance business. In addition, perceptions about the risk of property loss from these events could negatively impact self-storage demand. Operating costs, including property taxes, could increase. We could be subject to increases in property or other taxes, repair and maintenance costs, payroll, utility costs, insurance premiums, workers compensation, and other operating expenses due to various factors such as inflation, labor shortages, commodity and energy price increases, weather, increases to minimum wage rates, supply chain disruptions, and changes to governmental safety and real estate use limitations and other governmental actions. Our property tax expense, generally depends upon the assessed value of our real estate facilities as determined by assessors and government agencies and, accordingly, could be subject to substantial increases if such agencies change their valuation approaches or opinions or if new laws are enacted, especially if new approaches are adopted or laws are enacted that result in increased property tax assessments in states or geographies where we have a high concentration of facilities. See also We have exposure to increased property tax in California below. The acquisition of existing properties or self-storage operating companies is subject to risks that may adversely affect our growth and financial results. We have acquired self-storage facilities and self-storage operating companies in the past, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties and companies from other real estate investors, including operating companies and private equity funds. As a result, we may be unable to acquire the companies or additional properties we desire or the purchase price for desirable companies or properties may be significantly increased. Failures or unexpected circumstances in integrating facilities or companies that we acquire, or circumstances we did not detect or anticipate during due diligence, such as environmental matters, needed repairs or deferred maintenance, customer collection issues, assumed liabilities, turnover of critical personnel involved in acquired operating companies, or the effects of increased property tax following reassessment of a newly-acquired property, as well as the general risks of real estate investment and mergers and acquisitions, could jeopardize realization of the anticipated earnings from an acquisition. Our development program subjects us to risks. There are significant risks involved in developing self-storage facilities, such as delays, cost increases, or inability to complete development projects due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements, failure of revenue to meet our underwriting estimates, delays caused by weather issues, unforeseen site conditions, or personnel problems. Self-storage space is generally not pre-leased, and rent-up of newly developed space can be delayed or ongoing cash flow yields can be reduced due to competition, reductions in storage demand, or other factors. 8 There is significant competition among self-storage operators and from other storage alternatives. Our self-storage facilities generate most of our revenue and earnings. Significant competition from self-storage operators, property developers, and other storage alternatives may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and may negatively impact our ability to generate revenue. Competition in the local market areas in which many of our properties are located is significant and affects our occupancy levels, rental rates, and operating expenses, particularly advertising costs. There may be an increasing influx of capital from outside financing sources driving more money, development, and supply into the industry. Development of self-storage facilities may increase, which may intensify competition as newly developed facilities are opened. Development of self-storage facilities by other operators could increase, due to increases in availability of funds for investment or other reasons, and further intensify competition. Demand for self-storage facilities may be affected by customer perceptions and factors outside of our control. Significantly lower logistics costs could introduce new competitors, such as valet-style storage services, which may reduce the demand for traditional self-storage. Customer preferences and/or needs for self-storage could change, decline, or shift to other product types, thereby impacting our business model and ability to grow and/or generate revenues. Shifts in population and demographics could cause the geographical distribution of our portfolio to be suboptimal and affect our ability to maintain occupancy and attract new customers. Security incidents could result in the perception that our properties are not safe. If our customers do not feel our properties are safe, they may select competitors for their self-storage needs, or if there is an industry perception of inadequate security generally, customer use of self-storage could be negatively impacted. Our newly developed and expanded facilities, and facilities that we manage for third party owners, may negatively impact the revenues of our legacy facilities. We continue to develop new self-storage facilities and expand our existing self-storage facilities. In addition, we are seeking to increase the number of self-storage facilities that we manage for third party owners in exchange for a fee, many of which are in the process of stabilization and are near our existing stabilized self-storage facilities. In order to hasten the fill-up of these new facilities, we aggressively price such space during the fill-up period. While we believe that this aggressive pricing allows us to increase our market share relative to our competitors and increase the cash flows of these properties, such pricing and the added capacity may also negatively impact our existing stabilized self-storage facilities that are near these unstabilized facilities. We may incur significant liabilities from environmental contamination or moisture infiltration. Existing or future laws impose or may impose liability on us to clean up environmental contamination on or around properties that we currently or previously owned or operated, even if we were not responsible for or aware of the environmental contamination or even if such environmental contamination occurred prior to our involvement with the property. We have conducted preliminary environmental assessments on most of our properties, which have not identified any material liabilities. These assessments, commonly referred to as Phase 1 Environmental Assessments, include an investigation (excluding soil or groundwater sampling or analysis) and a review of publicly available information regarding the site and other nearby properties. We are also subject to potential liability relating to moisture infiltration, which can result in mold or other damage to our or our customers property, as well as potential health concerns. When we receive a complaint or otherwise become aware that an air quality concern exists, we implement corrective measures and seek to work proactively with our customers to resolve issues, subject to our contractual limitations on liability for such claims. We are not aware of any environmental contamination or moisture infiltration related liabilities at any of our properties that could be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operation. However, we may not have detected all material liabilities, we could acquire properties with material undetected liabilities, or new conditions could arise or develop at our properties, any of which could result in a cash settlement or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate, or encumber affected facilities. 9 Elevated interest rate levels could adversely impact us and our tenants. Interest rates remain elevated compared to recent years. As a result, if we issued new debt or preferred shares or refinanced our indebtedness, our debt service costs or preferred share dividend yields would likely be, based on current interest rates, significantly higher than current financing costs. Elevated interest rates also adversely impact the relative attractiveness of the dividend yield on our common shares. Increases in our cost of capital impact our assessment of the yields we consider appropriate to support pursuing property acquisition and development opportunities and thus can impact our external growth prospects. The degree and pace of these changes have had and may continue to have adverse macroeconomic effects that have and may continue to have adverse impacts on our tenants, including as a result of economic recession, increased unemployment, and increased financing costs. For more information on interest rate risk, see Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . Economic conditions can adversely affect our business, financial condition, and growth. Economic downturns or adverse economic or industry conditions, including those related to high levels of inflation, could adversely impact our financial results, growth, and access to capital. Our revenues and operating cash flow can be negatively impacted by reductions in employment and population levels, household and disposable income, and other general economic factors that lead to a reduction in demand for self-storage space in each of the markets in which we operate. We have exposure to European operations through our ownership in Shurgard. Shurgard, as an owner, operator, and developer of self-storage facilities, is subject to many of the same risks we are with respect to self-storage. However, through our investment in Shurgard, we are exposed to additional risks unique to the various European markets in which Shurgard operates, which may adversely impact our business and financial results, and many of which are referred to in Shurgard s public filings. These risks include the following: Currency risks: Currency fluctuations can impact the fair value of our investment in Shurgard, our equity earnings, our ongoing dividends, and any other related repatriations of cash. Legislative, tax, and regulatory risks: Shurgard is subject to a variety of local, national, and pan-European laws and regulations related to permitting and land use, the environment, labor, and other areas, as well as income, property, sales, and value added and employment tax. These laws and regulations can be difficult to apply or interpret, can vary in each country or locality, and are subject to unexpected changes in their form and application due to regional, national, or local political uncertainty and other factors. Such changes, or Shurgard s failure to comply with these laws, could subject it to penalties or other sanctions, adverse changes in business processes, and, potentially, adverse income tax, property tax, or other tax burdens. Impediments to capital repatriation could negatively impact the realization of our investment in Shurgard: Laws in Europe and the U.S. may create, impede, or increase our cost to repatriate distributions received from Shurgard or proceeds from the sale of Shurgard shares. Risks of collective bargaining: Collective bargaining, which is prevalent in certain areas in Europe, could negatively impact Shurgard s labor costs or operations. Many of Shurgard s employees participate in various national unions. Potential operating and individual country risks: Economic slowdowns or extraordinary political or social change in the countries in which it operates have posed, and could continue to pose, challenges or result in future reductions of Shurgard s operating cash flows. Liquidity of our ownership stake: We have no plans to liquidate our interest in Shurgard. However, while Shurgard is a publicly held entity, if we chose to, our ability to liquidate our shares in Shurgard in an efficient manner could be limited by the level of Shurgard s public float relative to any ownership stake we sought to sell. Our existing relationship with our legacy joint venture partner may place further contractual limitations on our ability to sell all of the shares we own if we desired to do so. 10 Impediments of Shurgard s public ownership structure: Shurgard s strategic decisions, involving activities such as borrowing money, capital contributions, raising capital from third parties, and selling or acquiring significant assets, are determined by its board of directors. As a result, Shurgard may be precluded from taking advantage of opportunities that we would find attractive but that we may not be able to pursue separately, or it could take actions that we do not agree with. Public health and other crises have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our business. Our business is subject to risks from public health and other crises like the COVID-19 pandemic, including, among others: risk of illness or death of our employees or tenants; negative impacts on economic conditions in our markets, which may reduce the demand for self-storage; risk that there could be an out-migration of population from major markets where we operate; government restrictions that (i) limit or prevent use of our facilities, (ii) limit our ability to increase rent or otherwise limit the rent we can charge, (iii) limit our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, or (iv) limit our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects; risk that we could experience a change in the move-out patterns of our long-term tenants due to economic uncertainty and increases in unemployment, which could lead to lower occupancies and rent roll down as long-term tenants are replaced with new tenants at lower rates; and risk of negative impacts on the cost and availability of debt and equity capital, which could have a material impact upon our capital and growth plans. Local, state, and federal governments have and may in the future adopt regulations that could adversely impact our operations. Local, state, and federal governments have and may in the future adopt regulations that could adversely impact our operations, including in response to natural disasters and public health crises. For example, in response to wildfires in 2018, 2019, and early 2025 and floods in 2023, the State of California and some localities in California adopted temporary regulations that imposed certain limits on the rents we could charge at certain of our facilities and the extent to which we could increase rents to existing tenants. Similarly, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, certain localities adopted restrictions on the use of certain of our facilities, limited our ability to increase rents, limited our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, and limited our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects. California and other jurisdictions have also adopted regulations restricting our operations relating to pricing methodologies, restrictions on fees, procedures for selling stored property of delinquent tenants, marketing restrictions related to price changes and promotional rates, zoning restrictions and other matters. Similar restrictions could be imposed in the future, including in response to significant events and these restrictions could adversely impact our operations. Our marketing and pricing strategies may fail to be effective or may be constrained by factors outside of our control. Marketing initiatives, including our increasing dependence on Google to source customers, may fail to be effective and could negatively impact financial performance. More than half of our new storage customers in 2025 were sourced directly or indirectly through unpaid search and paid search campaigns on Google. We believe that the vast majority of customers searching for self-storage use Google at some stage in their shopping experience. Google is providing tools to allow smaller and less sophisticated operators to bid for search terms, increasing competition for self-storage search terms. The predominance of Google in the shopping experience, as well as Google s enabling of additional competitors to bid for placements in self-storage search terms, may reduce the number of new customers that we can procure, and/or increase our costs to obtain new customers. In addition, the inability to utilize our pricing methodology due to regulatory or market constraints could also significantly impact our financial results. 11 We are exposed to ongoing litigation and other legal and regulatory actions, which may divert management s time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses or restrict the operation of our business. We are subject to the risk of legal claims and proceedings (including class actions) and regulatory enforcement actions across many jurisdictions in the ordinary course of our business and otherwise, and we could incur significant liabilities and substantial legal fees from these actions. Resolution of these claims and actions may divert time and attention of our management and could involve payment of damages or expenses by us, all of which may be significant, and could damage our reputation and our brand. In addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement to terms that restrict the operation of our business. The results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. We cannot guarantee that losses incurred in connection with any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings or actions will not exceed any provisions we may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or any available insurance coverage. Any such legal claims, proceedings, and regulatory enforcement actions could negatively impact our operating results, cash flow available for distribution or reinvestment, and/or the price of our common shares. Our use of or failure to adopt advancements in information technology, such as artificial intelligence, may hinder or prevent us from achieving strategic objectives or otherwise harm our business. Our use of or inability to safely and effectively adopt and deliver new technological capabilities and enhancements in line with strategic objectives, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, may put us at a competitive disadvantage; cause us to miss opportunities to innovate, achieve efficiencies, or improve the customer experience; or adversely impact our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, we have begun to utilize artificial intelligence technologies in various aspects of our business, which are susceptible to errors and other malfunctions which could lead to operational challenges and reputational risks. Legislative and regulatory activity related to information technology, including related to privacy, may also result in new laws that are applicable to us and that may hinder our business, including by restricting our use of customer data or otherwise regulating the use of algorithms and automated processing in ways that could materially affect our business or lead to significant increases in the cost of compliance. In addition, the use of emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence, entails risks including risks relating to the possibility of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation; data privacy; quality control related to artificial intelligence outputs; new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, requirements, litigation, or other liability; ethical concerns; negative consumer perceptions as to automation and artificial intelligence; or other complications or liabilities that could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, or financial results. Although we have adopted policies with respect to these risks, including related to the development, deployment and monitoring of artificial intelligence tools, we cannot be certain that such policies will be effective. The failure or disruption of our computer and communications systems, on which we are heavily dependent, could significantly harm our business. We are heavily dependent upon automated information technology and Internet commerce, with more than half of our new customers coming from the telephone or over the Internet. We centrally manage significant components of our operations with our computer systems, including our financial information, and we also rely extensively on third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions, and provide other systems services. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, system, network, internet and telecommunications failures, hackers, including through a ransomware attack, computer worms, viruses, and other destructive or disruptive cybersecurity incidents, and catastrophic events. Such incidents could also result in significant costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems, as well as actual monetary losses in case of a cybersecurity incident that resulted in fraudulent payments or other cash transactions. Our operations could be severely impacted by a natural disaster, terrorist attack, attack by hackers, acts of vandalism, data theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human error, or other circumstance that results in a significant outage of our systems or those of our third party providers, despite our use of back up and redundancy measures. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party providers fail to satisfy their security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. 12 If our confidential information is compromised or corrupted, including as a result of a cybersecurity incident, our reputation and business relationships could be damaged and our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. In the ordinary course of our business we acquire and store sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our prospective and current customers and our employees. The secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Although we believe we and our third-party service providers have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the security of our confidential information, information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyberattacks. Further, new technologies such as artificial intelligence may be more capable at evading these safeguard measures. Despite our security measures, we face cybersecurity threats, including system, network, or Internet failures; cyberattacks, ransomware, and other malware; social engineering; and phishing schemes. In these cases, our information technology and infrastructure could be vulnerable and our or our customers or employees confidential information could be compromised or misappropriated. Any such cybersecurity incident, including those impacting personal information, could result in serious and harmful consequences for us or our customers. A cybersecurity incident could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting requirements. Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and threats, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. Our confidential information may also be compromised due to programming or human error, negligence, or fraud. Although we and our third-party service providers make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information, including the implementation of security measures, required employee awareness training, and the existence of a disaster recovery plan, there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all cybersecurity incidents or misuses of data. In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business from multiple regulatory agencies at the local, state, federal, or international level, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs, or we could fail to comply with those requirements due to various reasons. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption to our operations and the services we provide to customers, or damage to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, reputation, and competitive position. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue leasing our self-storage facilities. Such events could lead to lost future revenues and adversely affect our results of operations, or result in remedial and other costs, fines, or lawsuits, which could exceed any available insurance that we have procured. We have identified and expect to continue to identify cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents on our systems and those of third parties we rely upon, but none of the cyberattacks and incidents we have identified to date has had a material impact on our business or operations. While we have purchased cybersecurity insurance, there are no assurances that the coverage would be adequate in relation to any incurred losses. Moreover, as cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in amounts and on terms we view as adequate for our operations. Further information relating to cybersecurity risk management is discussed in 
