 228-233 A. Reserved Not applicable n/a Item 4A Unresolved staff comments None n/a B. Capitalisation and indebtedness Not applicable n/a Item 5 Operating and Financial Review and C. Reasons for the offer and use of Not applicable n/a Prospects proceeds A. Operating results Additional Information: Operating and 235 D. Risk factors Additional Information: Risk factors 228-233 Financial Review Strategic Report: Risk management 57-67 Strategic Report: Key performance 24-25 indicators Item 4 Information on the Company Strategic Report: Financial review 26-32 A. History and development of the Strategic Report: At a Glance 2 Strategic Report: Risk management 57-67 Company (including Viability Statement) Information on the Company 233 Financial Statements 150-216 Shareholder Information 245-246 B. Liquidity and capital resources Strategic Report: Financial review 26-32 Strategic Review: Financial Review 26-32 Note 16: Derivatives and Hedge 185-187 Note 18: Borrowings 187-188 Accounting Note 19: Financial Risk 188-191 Note 18: Borrowings 187-188 Management Note 19: Financial Risk Management 188-191 Note 30: Business Combinations 202 Note 35: Leases 205-206 Note 31: Disposals 203 Note 35: Leases 205-206 C. Research and development, Not applicable n/a patents and licenses etc B. Business overview Strategic Report 2-67 Note 2: Segmental Information 164-166 D. Trend information Strategic Report: Key performance 24-25 Additional Information: Certain 233-235 indicators additional information on the Strategic Report: Financial review 26-32 Company E. Critical Accounting Estimates Note 1: Accounting Policies 156-164 C. Organisational structure Exhibit 8.1 213-216 Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 225 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) Additional information for US listing purposes continued Page Page Item Form 20-F Caption Location in this Document Reference Item Form 20-F Caption Location in this Document Reference Item 6 Directors, Senior Management and Item 9 The Offer and Listing Employees A. Offer and listing details Additional Information: Listing 235 A. Directors and senior management Corporate Governance: 70-72 B. Plan of distribution Not applicable n/a Board of Directors C. Markets Additional Information: Listing 235 Corporate Governance: 74-76 Pearson Executive Management D. Selling shareholders Not applicable n/a B. Compensation Directors’ Remuneration Report 113-136 E. Dilution Not applicable n/a C. Board practices Corporate Governance: 70-72 F. Expenses of the issue Not applicable n/a Board of Directors Item 10 Additional Information Directors’ Remuneration Report 113-136 A. Share capital Not applicable n/a Corporate Governance: 99-112 Audit Committee report B. Articles of association Additional Information: Articles of 236-239 Association D. Employees Note 5: Employee Information 174 C. Material contracts Additional Information: Material 239 E. Share ownership Directors’ Remuneration Report 113-136 Contracts Note 26: Share Based Payments 198-199 D. Exchange controls Additional Information: Exchange 239 F. Disclosure of a registrant’s action to None n/a Controls recover erroneously awarded E. Taxation Additional Information: Tax 239-241 compensation Considerations Item 7 Major Shareholders and Related F. Dividends and paying agents Not applicable n/a Party Transactions G. Statement by experts Not applicable n/a A. Major shareholders Additional Disclosures 137 H. Documents on display Additional Information: Documents 241 B. Related party transactions Note 12: Investments in Joint 181 on Display Ventures and Associates I. Subsidiary information Exhibit 8.1 213-216 Note 36: Related Party Transactions 206 J. Annual report to Security Holders Not applicable n/a C. Interests of experts and counsel Not applicable n/a Item 8 Financial Information Item 11 Quantitative and Qualitative Note 19: Financial Risk Management 188-191 Disclosures about Market Risk A. Consolidated statements and other Financial Statements 150-216 Note 14: Classification of Financial 183-184 financial information Instruments B. Significant changes None n/a Note 16: Derivative Financial 185-187 C. Interests of experts and counsel Not applicable n/a Instruments and Hedge Accounting Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 226 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) Page Page Item Form 20-F Caption Location in this Document Reference Item Form 20-F Caption Location in this Document Reference Item 12 Description of Securities other than E. Purchases of Equity Securities by Additional Information: Purchases of 243 Equity Securities the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers Equity Securities by the Issuer and A. Description of debt securities Not applicable n/a Affiliated Purchases F. Change in Registrants Certifying Not applicable n/a B. Description of warrants and rights Not applicable n/a Accountant C. Description of other securities Not applicable n/a G. Corporate Governance Additional Information: Corporate 68-140 D. American Depository Shares Additional Information: Description 241-242 Governance of Securities Other than Equity H. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable n/a Securities I. Disclosure regarding foreign Not applicable n/a D. 1 Name of depositary and address Not applicable n/a jurisdiction that prevent inspections of principal executive office J. Insider Trading Policies Additional Information: Insider 243 Trading Policies D. 2 Title of ADRs and brief description Not applicable n/a of provisions K. Cyber security Additional Information: Cyber 244, 37, 50 security; Strategic Report: Data D. 3 Depositary fees and charges Additional Information: Description 241-242 privacy and cyber security of Securities Other than Equity Item 17 Financial Statements Not applicable n/a Securities D. 4 Depositary payments Additional Information: Description 241-242 Item 18 Financial Statements Financial Statements 150-216 of Securities Other than Equity Item 19 Exhibits Refer to Exhibits list immediately n/a Securities following the signature page for this Item 13 Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Not applicable n/a document as filed with the SEC Delinquencies Item 14 Material Modifications to the Rights Not applicable n/a of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds Item 15 Controls and Procedures Additional Information: Controls and 242-243 Procedures Item 16 Reserved A. Audit Committee Financial Expert Additional Information: Audit 243 Committee Financial Expert B. Code of Ethics Additional Information: Code of 243 Ethics C. Principal Accountant Fees Note 4: Operating Expenses 173-174 Principal accountant fees and 243 services D. Exemptions from The Listing Not applicable n/a Standards for Audit Committees Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 227 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) Additional information for US listing purposes continued Risk Factors The political, regulatory, economic, and currency risks, along with the risk of compliance failures (e.g., fraud, sanctions, bribery), or conflicting legislation or regulation across countries and states, including its You should carefully consider the risk factors described below, as well as the other information included in interpretation or application, have in the past, and could in the future, affect the realisation or the results of our the rest of this document. The Group’s business, financial condition or results from operations could be objectives, as well as possibly reducing investment returns and impact the Group’s ability to reinvest or materially adversely affected by any or all of these risks, or by other risks that it presently cannot identify. distribute profits. Any forward-looking statements are made subject to the Forward-Looking Statement section located on page 247. Sanctions against specific countries or entities may require the Group to exit certain markets. Regulatory investigations related to sanctions have in the past and could in the future be costly, consume management Risks relating to regulation, including accreditation resources, harm the Group’s reputation, and lead to legal and financial consequences. We have in the past, and could in the future, face scrutiny from stakeholders, including from multiple domestic or international Changes in government policy and/or regulations have the potential to affect the Group’s business model governmental authorities who may have different or conflicting views on our business practices and activities, and/or decisions across all markets. which could lead to fines or other costs, reputational damage, legal issues, enforcement actions, or operational changes and, which could therefore have an adverse effect on our business, operations and The Group’s educational services, assessment and qualifications businesses may be affected by shifts in financial condition. government funding and regulation due to external factors beyond its control, including general economic conditions, changes in education funding, policy decisions, legislation, or procurement processes. This also Risks relating to Artificial Intelligence, Content & Channel includes potential amendments to, or suspensions, or cancellations of high-stakes testing, which could affect our assessments businesses, including but not limited to our Pearson Test of English business or our The Group could face additional cost and diversion of personnel (i) to meet any new regulation or law UK or International qualifications businesses, or result in the loss of schools and/or a decrease in the applicable to its use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in its products and services and/or (ii) to protect any number of students engaged in our Virtual Learning business. of its intellectual property developed using AI. In 2025, a large number of contracts are up for renewal, especially within US Student Assessment, with the The Group has a history of utilising AI in its products and services, and incorporation is expected only to financial plan assuming successful renewals. The loss of any of these contracts, whether or not as a result increase as AI technologies (including generative AI) continue to develop. Our ability to do this successfully of changes in policy or processes described above, would lead to lower sales and profits in the future unless depends in part on the public willingness to use AI in the learning sector. If the content that AI applications replaced by other contract wins. assist us in producing are or are perceived or alleged to be deficient or inaccurate, our reputation may be adversely affected, and/or the effectiveness of the Group’s products may be undermined. The performance and growth of the Group’s US educational services and assessment businesses rely on federal and state education funding, which depends on state financial health and budget allocations for In 2024, there was development of AI features in many products, for example, the embedding of AI study tools education. Pressures on state and local funding, competition from low-cost or disruptive new business into Virtual Learning content and the development of an AI-powered tool designed to assist educators in models, and the promotion of open-source materials to cut costs may impact the Group’s sales. Additionally, generating lesson content and activities in English Language Learning. Although these developments have changes in state leadership and education policy can alter funding priorities, while shifts in procurement shown encouraging signs, an inability to sustain the positive momentum would result in lower sales and profit. processes, curriculum changes, and delays in textbook adoptions or testing procedures may also affect the In addition, if our competitors incorporate AI into their products more quickly or more successfully than us, our size of the market. Any of these factors could negatively impact the Group’s financial results and growth ability to compete effectively could be impaired. prospects in the US education sector. The increasing interest in AI by governments and regulators around the world and the different approaches The Group has businesses in a variety of geographies globally and is subject to numerous different they are taking continue to bring a level of regulatory uncertainty which may increase costs and liabilities in a regulatory regimes and uncertain international environments and regulatory changes which could impact the manner that is beyond the Group’s control and could result in conflicting legal requirements, potentially further Group’s operations and financial condition. increasing costs and/or adversely impacting the Group’s ability to operate. The Group faces risks related to government restrictions on market access for non-local companies and In addition, there remains uncertainty regarding existing or evolving legal protections that are afforded to the limitations on profit repatriation. Operating across multiple geographies also exposes the Group to Group’s intellectual property developed (in whole or in part) with the use of AI (or software including any AI). regulatory hurdles and tariffs including in respect of trade tensions, changes to foreign trade policies, and evolving sentiment towards multinational companies following changes in the governments of the countries in which we operate or trade. The Group has a central compliance team and a network of local compliance representatives within the legal function to ensure that the Group meets its obligations. However, we are subject to evolving laws, international accords and policies or the changing of their interpretation or application, including those on environmental sustainability, human capital and governance topics. Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 228 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) If the Group fails to successfully invest in and deliver the right products and services and to respond Some of the Group’s products and services comprise intellectual property delivered through a variety of print to government concerns and/or competitive threats, its sales and profits could be adversely impacted. and digital media, online software applications and platforms. The Group relies on trademark, patent, copyright and other intellectual property laws to establish and protect its proprietary rights in these products A common trend facing all the Group’s businesses is the digitisation of content and proliferation and services. Reference is made to the section above regarding the risk of the evolving AI legal and regulatory of distribution channels, either over the internet, or via other electronic means, replacing traditional print framework globally and the applicability and interpretation of the existing legal protection of intellectual formats. The digital migration has led to changes in consumers’ perception of value and the publisher’s property. The Group also faces uncertainty on its ability to adequately protect its content from its unauthorised position between consumers, retailers, and authors, and has required the Group to make changes in use in training Large Language Models and other AI Models, for example, those on which generative AI Tools product and content distribution. are built. A proliferation of available supply routes for content, in addition to buying or subscribing to the Group’s Failure, or an inability, to adequately manage, procure, register or protect intellectual property rights (including content, means that the Group is not guaranteed to be rewarded for its investment in developing and trademarks, patents, trade secrets and copyright) in the Group’s brands, content and technology, may distributing this content. Alternatives such as second hand and rental copies, open educational resources, (1) prevent the Group from enforcing its rights, and (2) increase the risk that others will infringe the Group’s online discounters, file sharing and use of pirated copies all offer either lower or no financial returns to the rights (print and digital counterfeit, digital piracy), which may reduce sales and/or erode sales. Group. Where the purchaser is a school or institution, they will typically use educational funding to purchase our materials or assessments. The Group’s intellectual property rights (IPR) in brands and content – historically its core assets – are generally well established in key markets. As technology and digital delivery of content have become an However, there are multiple competing demands for educational funds and there is no guarantee that new increasingly critical component of the Group’s business strategy, the Group has grown its patent portfolio to courseware or testing or training programmes will be funded, or that the Group will win or retain this expand its protection of high value technology in the US and key international markets. business. Online copying and security circumvention have become increasingly sophisticated and resistant to available If the Group does not adapt rapidly to such and other market trends, it may lose business to ‘faster’ and countermeasures. Advancements in technology, including advancements in generative AI technology, have more ‘agile’ competitors, who increasingly are non-traditional competitors, making their identification all the made unauthorised copying and wide dissemination of unlicensed content more accessible. At the same time, more difficult. The Group may be required to invest significant resources to further adapt to the changing detection of unauthorised use of our intellectual property and enforcement of our intellectual property rights competitive environment, which requires continued development of both content and the method of delivery has become more challenging, in part due to the increasing volume and sophistication of attempts at to be able to provide differentiated products and services and can result in competitive disadvantage and unauthorised use of our intellectual property through the use of generative AI. Notably, in recent years ‘digital missed opportunity for sales and growth. counterfeit’ websites have offered or attempted to offer unprotected PDF files of many of Pearson’s titles, at An example of this is where the Group’s products and services may potentially face competition from those scale, using modern and sophisticated ecommerce methods, with a professional or legitimate appearance. developed by non-traditional competitors using advanced Generative AI tools. Generative AI in particular Additionally, such websites may have acted as potential sources of data for Large Language Models. From an offers new ways of creating content which could disrupt the sectors in which the Group focuses and failure IPR perspective, increasing the Group’s digital business continues to expose it to evolving trademark, to adapt could in the future lead to adverse impact for its businesses. copyright, and patent infringement risks. Failure to use the Group’s data effectively to enhance the quality and scope of current products and The Group’s forward-looking IPR strategy includes efforts to maintain a broad footprint of intellectual property services in order to improve learning outcomes could adversely affect the Group’s business. rights in key markets outside the US. However, the Group also conducts business in other countries where its intellectual property protection efforts have been limited or where legal protection for intellectual property may The Group seeks to maximise data to enhance the quality and scope of current products and services to be uncertain and these limitations could affect future growth. improve learning outcomes while managing associated risks. The Group’s ability to continue to do so may be subject to factors beyond the Group’s control. In addition, the lack of availability of timely, complete, and Where the Group has registered or otherwise established its IPR, it cannot guarantee that such rights will accurate data limits informed decision-making and increases the risk of non-compliance with legal, provide competitive advantages due to: the challenges and costs of monitoring and enforcement in regulatory, and reporting requirements. Business change and transformation success is dependent on jurisdictions where competition may be intense; the limited and/or ineffective IPR protection and enforcement migration of a significant number of datasets and our inability to effectively accomplish this could adversely mechanisms available to it in many countries; the potential that its IPR may lapse, be invalidated, affect the Group’s results. circumvented, challenged, or abandoned, or that it may otherwise lose the ability to assert its intellectual property rights against others. The loss or diminution in value of these proprietary rights or the Group’s If the Group does not adequately protect its intellectual property and proprietary rights, its competitive intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial performance. position and results may be adversely affected and its ability to grow restricted. Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 229 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) Additional information for US listing purposes continued Risks relating to Capability Nevertheless, the Group faces several technological risks associated with such migration as well as software product development (including risks associated with the use of AI in the Group’s products and services) and The Group’s strategy involves significant change, including moving into new markets. This increases the service delivery, information technology security (including viruses and cyberattacks), e-commerce, enterprise risk of failure to realise anticipated benefits or of costs being higher than anticipated, or that the Group’s resource planning system implementation and upgrades. Although plans and procedures are in place to business as usual activities are adversely impacted. reduce such risks, as well as training and security measures with further progress made during 2024 in this The Group’s strategy aims, among other things, to achieve significant growth in markets in which Pearson area, from time to time the Group has experienced and could in future experience verifiable impact or has less experience, including enterprise sales. The Group’s financial plan assumes that the costs disruption on the Group services, including by attacks on its systems by unauthorised parties. To date, such associated with such new market strategies will be successfully managed in all business units, but should impacts and disruptions have not resulted in any material damage, but the Group’s businesses could be this cost management not be successful, the Group is likely to report lower than anticipated profits. adversely affected if its systems and infrastructure experience a significant failure or interruption. If the Group fails to attract, retain and develop appropriately skilled employees, it may limit its ability Operational disruption to its business, including that caused by third-party providers and partners, a major to achieve its strategic and operational goals and its business may be harmed. disaster, and/or external threats, could restrict the Group’s ability to supply products and services to its customers. The Group’s success depends on the skill, experience and engagement of its employees. Their expertise has allowed the Group to demonstrate agility, notably in how the Group has been able to develop and Across all its businesses, the Group manages complex operational and logistical arrangements including, but deploy beta tests of products using large language models (including, in the areas of AI and machine not limited to, distribution centres, data centres, cloud computing, and educational and office facilities, as well learning). Training and development of staff is a focus area for managers throughout the organisation, but as relationships with third-party print sites and with other third-party partners. It has outsourced some support there is no guarantee that workers will continue to have the required skills prospectively. functions, including elements of information technology, warehousing and logistics to third-party providers, and it has also partnered with third-parties including in relation to joint go-to-market models or otherwise. The Group has a key dependency on the Chief Executive and certain other key employees. If it is unable to attract, retain and develop sufficiently experienced and capable staff, especially in technology, product The failure of the partnerships, third parties to whom it has outsourced business functions or who manage development, sales and leadership, its business and financial results may suffer. When talented employees directly or indirectly the Group’s information and operations, could adversely affect its reputation or financial leave, the Group may have difficulty replacing those skills, and its business may suffer. There can be no condition. Failure to recover from a major disaster, (e.g., fire, flood, etc.) at a key facility and/or a major failure assurance that the Group will be able to successfully attract and retain the skills that it needs. of a key facility, system or platform, such as a data centre outage or cloud computing or the disruption of supply from a key third-party vendor or partner (e.g. due to bankruptcy) could restrict the Group’s ability to Failure to develop robust go-to-market strategies could negatively impact the Group’s financial performance. service its customers and meet the terms of its contractual relationships with both government agencies and commercial customers. Penalty clauses and/or the failure to retain these contracts at the end of the contract In October, Higher Education began to directly distribute our proprietary Advanced Placement (AP®), Dual term could adversely impact future sales and/or operations. Enrolment, and Career and Technical Education (CTE) materials into states and school districts, which were previously distributed by a third party, investing in an in-house dedicated sales team. Our performance is Risks Related to the Competitive Marketplace contingent on how our existing customers respond to the shift from the third party and our ability to establish a robust go-to-market strategy and high-quality customer service. Failure of this new distribution model to Global economy and cyclical market factors may adversely impact the Group’s financial performance. succeed could negatively impact the Group’s sales, financial results and prospects. With continued pressure and uncertainty in worldwide economies, particularly in the Group’s major markets in All the Group’s businesses depend on Information Technology (IT) systems and technological change. the US and UK, there is a risk of a weakening in trading conditions, which could adversely impact the Group’s Failure to maintain and support customer facing services, systems, and platforms, including addressing future financial performance. The effect of continued deterioration or lack of recovery in the global economy quality issues and execution on time of new products and enhancements, could negatively impact the will vary across different businesses and will depend on the depth, length and severity of any economic Group’s sales and reputation. downturn. The education market can be affected by cyclical factors which, although they can have a positive impact for some of the Group’s businesses, could for others lead to a reduction in demand for the Group’s All the Group’s businesses, to a greater or lesser extent, are dependent on IT. It either provides software products and services. and/or internet services to its customers or uses complex IT systems and products to support its business activities, including customer-facing systems, back-office processing and infrastructure. The Group migrated Increased competitive pressure, reduced demand due to changing consumer learning preferences, structural several key data centres to the cloud during the year and further migrations are scheduled in 2025. market headwinds due to demographic decline, and limits on international study, may adversely impact the Group’s financial performance and reduce the expected return on investment. The Group faces a number of large value contract renewals each year and the long-range plan assumes that these are successfully retained. The loss of any of these contracts would lead to lower sales and profits in the future unless replaced by other contract wins. Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 230 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) The Group competes in a highly competitive market that is subject to rapid change in some areas. The Risks Related to Customer Expectations Group also faces competitive threats both from large media players and from smaller businesses, online and mobile portals and operators in the digital arena that provide alternative sources of content. The content Failure to meet our customers’ rapidly changing expectations in our products and services and not being able space continues to face the risk of price compression, driven by the growing prevalence of open educational to anticipate new customer demands could result in reduced market share, profitability, and brand erosion. resources, particularly those enhanced by large language models and generative AI technologies. We continue to adjust our business model in an effort to keep a pace with the increasing end user demands. Alternative distribution channels, such as digital format, the internet, online retailers, and growing delivery The Group may not be able to adapt, change and succeed in a rapidly changing and uncertain environment, platforms, pose both threats to and opportunities for traditional publishing business models, potentially resulting in competitive disadvantage, higher costs and brand erosion. This could result from failing to identify impacting both sales volumes and pricing. changes in learner preferences or from failing to create products and services which meet these revised In addition, new competitive entrants, increased price competition or shifts in learners away from expectations. educational institutions (as seen previously in reduced Higher Education enrolments) as well as With the launch of new products, we risk that the customer experience expectations which increasingly vary demographic decline and limits on international study may lead to lower profitability and cash flow from country to country are not met with regard to how the products and services are delivered e.g. quality and performance. The level of competition is placing financial strain on some of Higher Education’s channel timeliness, impacting the customer’s brand loyalty and propensity to purchase; resulting in customer partners and the failure of one of these companies would risk the loss of any outstanding debtor balances. complaints, less favourable social media sentiment, bad reviews, low recommendations, and/or customer Despite sales declines in the Higher Education International business, particularly in Canada, Australia, and attrition. New Zealand, enhanced product offerings and improvements in sales capabilities have stabilised market There is also the risk that our technology and data dependent products and services do not meet accessibility share in the Higher Education US market and led to a return to growth. requirements in respect of customers’ and prospective customers’ ability to access the products and services, In Virtual Learning, we expect positive trends in retention, driven by operational improvements and and this could result in increased costs, restrictions, fines and/or legal claims. investments in initiatives such as career and technical curriculum for schools. Risks Related to the Group’s Portfolio of Businesses Notwithstanding the above, there is no guarantee that these measures will be sufficient in the future to The Group’s failure to generate anticipated sales growth, synergies and/or cost savings from acquisitions, prevent loss of sales and profit in any of those businesses, which could negatively impact the Group’s mergers and other business combinations, could lead to goodwill and intangible asset impairments. financial performance and prospects. The Group periodically acquires and disposes of businesses to achieve its strategic objectives, and will The Group’s investment in new markets may deliver returns that are lower than anticipated. continue to consider both as a means to pursue its strategic priorities. The Group has invested in, and has plans to continue to invest in, new markets such as workforce and Acquisitions may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including difficulties in integrating acquired enterprise learning experiences, of which the Group has less experience, and which is a very competitive businesses to realise anticipated sales growth, synergies and/or cost savings; diversion of management market. Failure to achieve our planned outcomes may lead to lower than expected sales and profitability. attention from other business concerns or resources; and diversion of resources that are needed in other parts A significant deterioration in the Group’s profitability and/or cash flows caused by prolonged economic of our business. If these risks are not managed, acquisitions could result in goodwill and intangible asset instability or recession could reduce its liquidity and/or impair its financial ratios and trigger a need to raise impairments. additional funds from the capital markets and/or renegotiate its banking covenants. Divestitures also involve risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, results of operations A significant deterioration in the Group’s profitability and/or cash flows caused by prolonged economic and financial condition including, among others, the inability to find potential buyers on favourable terms, instability or recession could reduce its liquidity and/or impair its financial ratios and trigger a need to disruption to our business and/or diversion of management attention from other business concerns, loss of key raise additional funds from the capital markets and/or renegotiate its banking covenants. employees and possible retention of certain liabilities related to the divested business. To the extent that worldwide economic conditions materially deteriorate, the Group’s sales, profitability and Risks Related to the Group’s Responsibility & Reputation cash flows could be significantly reduced as customers could be unable to purchase products and services The Group’s business depends on a strong brand, and any failure to maintain, protect and enhance its brand in the expected quantities and/or pay for them within normal agreed terms. would hurt its ability to retain or expand its business. Disruption in capital markets or potential concerns about the Group’s credit rating, for instance manifested in Protecting the Group’s brands and reputation is critical to maintaining and expanding the Group’s business downgrades or negative outlooks by the credit rating agencies, may mean that this capital may not be and will depend largely on its ability to maintain its customers’ trust in its solutions and in the quality available on favourable terms or may not be available at all. and integrity of its products and services, including how it protects the data and privacy of customers and users. Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 231 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) Additional information for US listing purposes continued The Group must also navigate the increasing divergence of stakeholder perspectives in some of our largest A control breakdown or service failure in the Group’s testing businesses could result in financial loss and markets and ensure that our brand continues to reflect shifting views on certain matters, while maintaining reputational damage. our key values and objectives. If the Group does not successfully maintain a strong brand, its business could be harmed. Beyond protection, strengthening the Pearson brand will enable the Group to engage with The Group’s testing businesses, including those in Assessment & Qualifications, Workforce and English governments, administrators, teachers, learners, and influencers more effectively. Language Learning involve complex contractual relationships with both government agencies and commercial customers for the provision of various testing services. The Group’s financial results, growth prospects and/or Security breaches involving our information technology systems could harm our ability to run our business reputation may be adversely affected if these contracts and relationships are poorly managed or face and expose us to potential liability and loss of sales. increased competitive pressures. While we believe the monitoring and security measures we have in place are robust, the Group still faces There are inherent risks associated with the Group’s testing businesses, both in the US and the UK. A service some risks from malicious attacks on its systems. These attacks have, in the past, and could in the future, failure caused by a breakdown in testing and assessment processes could lead to a mis-grading of student lead to temporary loss of system availability or breaches of sensitive information. Such incidents have tests and/or late delivery of test results to students and their schools. The failure to meet expected service previously impacted customer experience and the Group’s reputation and could result in financial loss. standards and/or a late or erroneous delivery of qualification results have in the past and/or could in the future Despite our best efforts, unauthorised disclosures of personal information have occurred and may happen leave the Group subject to regulatory sanctions (including fines), legal claims, penalty charges under again, often due to software malfunctions affecting IT controls. contracts, non-renewal of contracts and/or suspension or withdrawal of its accreditation to conduct tests. It is possible that any such events described above would result in adverse publicity, which may affect the Group’s Information security and cyber risk are constantly evolving, influenced by factors such as increasing ability to retain existing contracts and/ or obtain new customers. customer demand for strong security, compliance requirements, the digital revolution, greater use of the cloud, larger data volumes, and more sophisticated attack strategies, which among others also use Risks associated with identity verification could lead to financial losses. generative AI in an effort to defeat security measures. The Group manages large volumes of personal data, including that of employees, customers, students, and citizens, as well as other sensitive business-critical The Group is often contractually required to take measures to validate the identity of learners, especially those data like financial information and intellectual property. Despite our security measures, threat actors, completing assessments. In certain jurisdictions, companies, including Pearson, have faced legal claims for including individuals, criminal organisations and state-sponsored operatives, have occasionally gained the collection of or use of information obtained, particularly in relation to biometric information, which have unauthorised access to the Group’s data and may do so in the future. resulted and could in the future result in settlements. The Group takes steps to comply with evolving legal requirements but there is no guarantee that its efforts will be sufficient to protect the Group from all potential Any perceived or actual unauthorised disclosure of personal data or confidential information, whether issues, which could result in potential fines, penalties, judgements or settlements for the Group, especially if through a breach of the Group’s network, a third-party partner, unauthorised access, employee theft, not covered by the Group’s insurance cover. misuse, or error, could harm the Group’s reputation, affect its ability to attract and retain customers, disrupt business operations, or lead to regulatory investigations and/or claims or litigation. Additionally, the Group Failure to effectively manage risks associated with compliance with global and local anti-bribery and corruption could incur significant costs in complying with relevant laws and regulations regarding the protection of (ABC) legislation could result in costly legal investigations and/or adversely impact the Group’s reputation. personal data and confidential information, payments due to cyber extortion, or responding to regulatory The Group is committed to an effective compliance programme in keeping with changing regulatory investigations. expectations, and it is also committed to conducting business in a legal and ethical manner in compliance with Changes to data privacy legislation must also be monitored and acted upon to ensure the Group remains in local and international statutory requirements and standards applicable to its business. Despite those compliance across different markets, many of which are taking increasingly divergent approaches to the commitments, there is a risk that the Group’s management, employees or representatives may take actions protection of personal information in the age of AI. This will require the Group to adapt further to that violate applicable laws and regulations, including regarding accurate keeping of books and records or accommodate jurisdictional variations, including by developing our products in a more flexible way to meet prohibiting the making of improper payments for the purposes of obtaining or keeping business, including laws such requirements, which may result in additional cost and/or investments Countries where the Group such as the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or the UK Bribery Act. Any regulatory inquiry or investigations operates or serves customers continue to adopt data protection legislation, with enforcement increasingly could be costly, require a significant amount of management’s time and attention, adversely impact the emphasising transparency and customer choice. This includes AI-driven personalised services and data Group’s reputation, or lead to litigation and financial impacts. breach management, reflecting customers’ growing awareness and sophistication regarding data protection. Failure to provide the appropriate level of transparency and control in the Group’s products could increase the regulatory, commercial and/or reputational risks that the Group faces with any or all of its various stakeholders. Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 232 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) Failure to comply with antitrust and competition legislation and/or legal or regulatory proceedings could Inflation – High levels of global inflation could increase costs and adversely impact the Group’s profits and result in substantial financial cost and/or adversely impact the Group’s reputation. financial performance. The Group is subject to global and local antitrust and competition law and although it is committed to High ongoing global inflation factors have increased and could further increase the cost of production for conducting business in compliance with local and international laws, there is a risk that management, Pearson, particularly through wage inflation. There is no guarantee that the Group would be able to manage employees or representatives may act in a way that violates applicable antitrust or competition laws. cost or generate sales successfully to mitigate the effects of inflation, which could lead to reduced earnings Further, the Group and its subsidiaries have been and may in the future be subject to legal and regulatory and ability to invest in future growth. investigation and proceedings in the countries in which the Group operates. These proceedings could result in greater scrutiny of the Group’s operations in other countries for anti-competitive behaviour and, in the Geopolitical conflict – Conflict could negatively affect Pearson’s operations. worst case, incur a substantial financial cost. This would also have an adverse impact on the Group’s Pearson has staff and offices globally, which could be impacted by conflict or blockades as a result of reputation. geopolitical issues. Notably, Pearson has offices in Israel which support Pearson’s digital products, which if Failure to adequately protect the health, safety and well-being of the Group’s employees, learners and other affected by conflict could negatively impact the pace of innovation or the quality of Pearson’s products and stakeholders could adversely impact the Group’s reputation, profitability, and future growth. thereby adversely impact the Group’s operations, sales and financial performance. Although the Group has invested in global policies, procedures and controls to safeguard the health, safety Certain additional information on the Company and wellbeing of its employees, learners and other stakeholders, accidents or incidents have occurred and could still occur due to unforeseen risks, causing injury or harm to individuals and impacting the Group’s Information on the Company business operations. This has the potential to lead to legal impact, including criminal and civil litigation, reputational impact and/or business disruption leading to operational loss for, and reduction in the Pearson was incorporated and registered in 1897 under the laws of England and Wales as a limited company profitability of the Group. and re-registered under the UK Companies Act as a public limited company in 1981. The Group conducts its operations primarily through its subsidiaries and other affiliates. Its principal executive offices are located at 80 Failure to ensure security for the Group’s staff, learners, and assets, due to increasing numbers of, and Strand, London WC2R 0RL, United Kingdom (telephone: +44 20 7010 2000) and its website address is variety of, local and global threats, could impact the Group’s operations, financial performance and https://plc.pearson.com/. The Company is registered in England and Wales under the company number reputation. 00053723. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is Pearson is a global business with locations in diverse, sometimes high-risk, locations worldwide. Although it http://www.sec.gov. has protective measures in place to secure its staff, learners and assets, the Group could still be impacted by external threats, such as localised incidents, terrorist attacks, strikes or extreme weather. Future Operating cycles occurrences could cause harm to individuals and/or disrupt business operations. These have the potential to lead to operational loss, a reduction in profitability and impact on the Group’s global reputation. The Group determines a normal operating cycle separately for each entity/cash generating unit with distinct economic characteristics. The ‘normal operating cycle’ for each of the Group’s businesses is primarily based Other Significant Near-term and Emerging Risks on the expected period over which content or services will generate cash flows. The Higher Education courseware market is primarily driven by an adoption cycle, with colleges and professors typically refreshing Sustainability risks may adversely impact the Group’s business, if not managed appropriately their courses and selecting revised programs on a regular basis, often in line with the release of new content The Group considers sustainability risks no differently to the way it manages any other business risk. or new technology offerings. The Company renews its product development assets to reflect new content and Expectations around climate commitments and measurements change on a regular basis. A failure to capabilities which enhance the attractiveness of its offering to both educators and learners. comply with relevant standards, or other sustainability-related laws or regulations, whether in the UK or Analysis of historical data shows that the typical life cycle of Higher Education content is up to five years but elsewhere, could adversely affect the Group’s reputation and have a negative impact on its relations with varies by product. In addition to content, the Group also develops technology platforms for products and the employees, customers and/or business partners. Costs associated with climate-transition which cannot be life cycle for these platforms can be in excess of the five years cycle for content. Again, the operating cycle for fully managed by decarbonisation activities may lead to decreased margins. content and platforms mirrors the market cycle. Financial markets disruption – A lack of sufficient capital resources could adversely impact the Group’s Historically for a major content refresh a development phase of typically 12 to 18 months for Higher Education ability to operate. precedes the period during which the Company receives and delivers against orders for the products it has Financial crises impact financial markets periodically, which could result in bank failures and loss of capital developed for the programme. for the Group, or an inability to access debt capital markets as planned. The operating cycles in respect of the Group’s professional and clinical content are more specialised in nature as they relate to educational or heavy reference products released into smaller markets (e.g. the financial training and IT sectors). Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 233 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) Additional information for US listing purposes continued Nevertheless, in these markets, there is still a regular cycle of product renewal, in line with demand which • copyrights for its textbook and related educational content and software code; and management monitor. Typically, the life cycle is five years for Professional content and seven years for • patents and trade secrets related to the innovative methods deployed in its key technologies. Clinical content. Elsewhere in the Group, operating cycles are typically less than one year. The Group believes it has taken reasonable legal steps to protect its key brands in its major markets and Competition copyright in its content and has taken appropriate steps to develop a comprehensive patent programme to The Group’s businesses operate in highly competitive markets. The Group faces competitive threats both ensure appropriate protection of emerging inventions that are critical to its new business strategies. from large media players and from smaller businesses, online and mobile portals and operators in the digital arena that provide alternative sources of content. Alternative distribution channels, e.g. digital format, the Licenses, patents and contracts internet, online retailers, growing delivery platforms (e.g. e-readers or tablets), pose both threats and The Group is not dependent upon any particular licenses, patents or new manufacturing processes that are opportunities to traditional publishing business models, potentially impacting both sales volumes and material to its business or profitability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group’s education business is pricing. dependent upon licensed rights since most textbooks and digital learning tools include content and/or software that is licensed to it by third parties (or assigned subject to royalty arrangements). In addition, some software In Assessment & Qualifications, the Group competes with other companies offering test development and products in various business lines rely upon patents licensed from third parties. administration including Cambium, Data Recognition Corp (DRC), Educational Testing Service (ETS), and NWEA, and others. The Professional Certification business competes with companies such as Prometric The Group is not materially dependent upon any particular contracts with suppliers or customers, including PSI and Meazure Learning, as well as a number of other modular players. The Clinical Assessment contracts of an industrial, commercial or financial nature. The Group’s sales are diversified, no individual business competes with companies such as MHS and WPS. The UK and International qualifications customer comprised more than 5% of sales in 2024. business competes with companies such as AQA, Cambridge Assessment and OCR, as well as a number of specialised players. Raw materials In Virtual Learning, the Group competes with companies such as Stride in virtual schools, alongside players Paper remains the principal raw material used by the Group although its use is declining given the shift to that specialise in a particular academic discipline or focus on a learning technology. digital products. The bulk of the paper used by Pearson is supplied by its printers. The Group has not experienced and does not anticipate difficulty in obtaining adequate supplies of paper for its operations, with In Institutional English Language Learning, the Group competes with Oxford University Press, Macmillan sourcing available from numerous suppliers. While prices fluctuate depending upon local market conditions, and other publishers. In English High Stakes Assessments, Pearson Test of English competes with the Group has not experienced extensive volatility in fulfilling paper requirements. In the event of a sharp alternative tests including iELTS and TOEFL. In the online language learning market, the Group competes increase in paper prices, including those driven by tariffs, the Group has a number of alternatives to minimise with businesses such as Duolingo, Babbel and Busuu, as well as a number of smaller players. the impact on its operating margins, which include modifying the grades of paper used in production. In Enterprise Learning and Skills (formerly Workforce Skills), the vocational qualifications business Government regulation competes with companies such as City & Guilds, alongside other niche and local market providers and the assessments businesses compete with companies such as HiSET in high school equivalency and SHL in The manufacture of certain products in various markets is subject to governmental regulation relating to the skills and ability testing. In addition, the business of content/courseware creation for enterprises competes discharge of materials into the environment. Operations are also subject to the risks and uncertainties with providers such as Skillsoft, and the enterprise data, technology and learning businesses compete with attendant to doing business in numerous countries. Some of the countries in which the Group conducts these Learning platforms such as Guild in education-as-a-benefit, credential platforms such as Accredible, talent operations maintain controls on the repatriation of earnings and capital and restrict the means available for management platforms such as Eightfold.ai, and data services such as Emsi. hedging potential currency fluctuation risks. In Higher Education, the Group competes with other publishers and creators of educational materials and The operations that are affected by these controls, however, are not material. Accordingly, these controls have services. These companies include publishers such as Cengage Learning and McGraw-Hill Education, as not significantly affected the Group’s international operations. Regulatory authorities may have enforcement well as non-mainstream publishers. powers that could have an impact. The Group believes, however, that in light of the nature of its business the risk of these sanctions does not represent a material threat. Competition is based on the ability to deliver quality products and services that address the specified curriculum needs and appeal to the student, organisations, school boards, educators, employers and Legal proceedings government officials making purchasing decisions. The Group and its subsidiaries are from time to time the subject of legal proceedings incidental to the nature of its and their operations, including private litigation or arbitrations, governmental proceedings and Intellectual property investigations by regulatory bodies. The Group’s principal intellectual property assets consist of its: • trademarks and other rights via its brands (including corporate and business unit brands and imprints, as well as product and service brands); Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 234 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) Property, plant and equipment Directors, senior management and employees The Group’s headquarters are located at leasehold premises in London, England. As at 31 December 2024, it owned or leased approximately 700 properties, including approximately 534 testing/teaching centres in Board practices over 55 countries worldwide, the majority of which are located in the United Kingdom and the United States. As at 28 February 2025, the Group’s Board comprises the Chair, two Executive Directors and seven The other properties owned and leased by the Group consist mainly of offices and distribution centres. In Non-Executive Directors. The Articles of Association (as defined below) provide that all the Directors at the some cases properties leased by the Group are then sublet to third parties. date of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting (AGM) shall retire from office at the meeting. A retiring Director shall, if willing to act, be eligible for re-appointment. If they are not reappointed, they shall The vast majority of printing is carried out by third-party suppliers. The Group operates a small digital print retain office until the meeting appoints someone in their place, or if it does not do so, until the end of the operation as part of its Pearson Assessment & Testing businesses which provides short-run and meeting or, if the meeting is adjourned, the end of the adjourned meeting. The Articles of Association also print-on-demand products, typically custom client applications. provide that every Director appointed by the Board be subject to reappointment by shareholders at the next The Group owns the following principal properties at 31 December 2024: AGM following their appointment. General use of property Location Area in square feet On 7 March 2025, the company announced the appointment of an independent Non-Executive Director with effect from 1 June 2025. Office Iowa City, Iowa, USA* 314,538 Warehouse/office Cedar Rapids, Iowa, USA 205,000 Pearson is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). As a listed non-US issuer, the Group is not Testing Owatonna, Minnesota, USA 126,450 required to comply with some of the NYSE’s corporate governance rules, but must disclose on its website any significant ways in which its corporate governance practices differ from those followed by US companies * Property is recorded as held for sale at 31 December 2024. under the NYSE listing standards. At this time, the Group believes that it is in compliance in all material respects with all the NYSE rules except that the Nomination & Governance Committee is not composed The Group leased the following principal properties at 31 December 2024: entirely of independent Directors as the Chair, who is not considered independent under NYSE rules, is a General use of property Location Area in square feet member of this Committee in addition to independent Directors. Office Hudson, New York, USA* 313,285 Office Westminster, London, UK* 274,488 Employees Office Hoboken, New Jersey, USA* 216,273 Through its subsidiaries, the Group has entered into collective bargaining agreements with employees in Office Bloomington, Minnesota, USA* 147,159 various locations. The Group’s management has no reason to believe that it would not be able to renegotiate Warehouse/office Cedar Rapids, Iowa, USA* 119,682 any such agreements on satisfactory terms. The Group encourages employees to contribute actively to the business in the context of their particular job roles and believes that the relations with its employees are * Properties have either been fully or partially sublet or are being marketed for sublet. generally good. Off-balance sheet arrangements Significant changes The Group does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by the SEC for the purposes of the Form 20-F, that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on the Group’s Other than those events described in note 37 in the consolidated financial statements, and seasonal financial position or results of operations. fluctuations in borrowings, there has been no significant change to the Group’s financial condition or results of operations since 31 December 2024. The Group’s borrowings fluctuate by season due to the effect of the school year on working capital requirements. Assuming no share buyback programmes, acquisitions or Operating and financial review disposals, the maximum level of net debt normally occurs in the third quarter, and the minimum level of net The financial review for the year ended 31 December 2024 compared to the year ended 31 December 2023 debt normally occurs in December. can be found on pages 26-32 of the Strategic report. The financial review for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to the year ended 31 December 2022 can be found on pages 26-33 of our 2023 Annual Listing Report and Accounts on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on 14 March 2023. The principal trading market for the Group’s ordinary shares is the London Stock Exchange which trade under the symbol ‘PSON’. Its ordinary shares also trade in the United States in the form of ADSs evidenced by ADRs under a sponsored ADR facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, as depositary. The Group established this facility in March 1995 and amended it in August 2014 in connection with its NYSE listing, and in January 2025 in connection with the appointment of JPMorgan Chase Bank as depositary thereunder. Each ADS represents one ordinary share. The ADSs trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ‘PSO’. Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 235 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) Additional information for US listing purposes continued Articles of Association A Director shall not, by reason of his or her office, be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefit which he or she derives from any office or employment or from any transaction or arrangement The Group summarises below the material provisions of its articles of association, as amended (the ‘Articles or from any interest in any body corporate: of Association’), which have been filed as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024. The summary below is qualified entirely by reference to the Articles of Association. In a. the acceptance, entry into or existence of which has been approved by the Board (subject, in any such conformity with the UK Companies Act 2006 (the Act), the Group has multiple business objectives and case, to any limits or conditions to which such approval was subject); or purposes and is authorised to do such things as the Board may consider fit to further its interests or b. which he or she is permitted to hold or enter into by virtue of paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above; incidental or conducive to the attainment of its objectives and purposes. nor shall the receipt of any such remuneration or other benefit constitute a breach of his or her duty under section 176 of the Act. A Director shall be under no duty to the Company with respect to any information which Directors’ powers he or she obtains or has obtained otherwise than as a Director of the Company and in respect of which he or The Group’s business shall be managed by the Board of Directors and the Board may exercise all such of she owes a duty of confidentiality to another person. However, to the extent that his or her relationship with its powers as are not required by law or by the Articles of Association or by any directions given by the that other person gives rise to a conflict of interest or possible conflict of interest, the preceding sentence only Company by special resolution, to be exercised in a general meeting. applies if the existence of such relationship has been approved by the Board. In such circumstances, the Director shall not be in breach of the general duties he or she owes to the Company by virtue of sections 171 Interested Directors to 177 of the Act because he or she fails: For the purposes of section 175 of the Act, the Board may authorise any matter proposed to it which would, a. to disclose any such information to the Board or to any Director or other officer or employee of the if not so authorised, involve a breach of duty by a Director under that section, including, without limitation, Company; and/or any matter which relates to a situation in which a Director has, or can have, an interest which conflicts, or b. to use or apply any such information in performing his or her duties as a Director of the Company. possibly may conflict, with the interests of the Company. Any such authorisation will be effective only if: Where the existence of a Director’s relationship with another person has been approved by the Board and his a. any requirement as to quorum at the meeting at which the matter is considered is met without counting or her relationship with that person gives rise to a conflict of interest or possible conflict of interest, the Director the Director in question or any other interested Director; and shall not be in breach of the general duties he or she owes to the Company by virtue of sections 171 to 177 of b. the matter was agreed to without their voting or would have been agreed to if their votes had not been the Act because he or she: counted. a. absents himself or herself from meetings of the Board at which any matter relating to the conflict of The Board may (whether at the time of the giving of the authorisation or subsequently) make any such interest or possible conflict of interest will or may be discussed or from the discussion of any such matter authorisation subject to any limits or conditions it expressly imposes but such authorisation is otherwise at a meeting or otherwise; and/or given to the fullest extent permitted. The Board may vary or terminate any such authorisation at any time. b. makes arrangements not to receive documents and information relating to any matter which gives rise to Provided that he or she has disclosed to the Board the nature and extent of his or her interest (or else that the conflict of interest or possible conflict of interest sent or supplied by the Company and/or for such the Director is not aware of the interest or not aware of the transaction or arrangement in question, or else documents and information to be received and read by a professional adviser, for so long as he or she that the interest cannot be reasonably regarded to give rise to a conflict of interest), a Director reasonably believes such conflict of interest or possible conflict of interest subsists. notwithstanding his or her office: Except as stated below, a Director shall not vote in respect of any contract or arrangement or any other a. may be a party to, or otherwise interested in, any transaction or arrangement with the Company or in proposal whatsoever in which he or she has an interest which is, to his or her knowledge, a material interest, which the Company is otherwise (directly or indirectly) interested; otherwise than by virtue of his or her interests in shares or debentures or other securities of or otherwise in or through the Company. A Director shall not be counted in the quorum at a meeting of the Board in relation to b. may act by himself or herself or his or her firm in a professional capacity for the Company (otherwise any resolution on which he or she is debarred from voting. than as auditor) and he or she or his or her firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he or she were not a Director; Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Director will be entitled to vote, and be counted in the quorum, on any c. may be a Director or other officer of, or employed by, or a party to a transaction or arrangement with, or resolution concerning any of the following matters: otherwise interested in, any body corporate in which the Company is otherwise (directly or indirectly) • the giving of any guarantee, security or indemnity in respect of money lent or obligations incurred by him interested. or her or by any other person at the request of or for the benefit of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 236 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) • the giving of any guarantee, security or indemnity to a third party in respect of a debt or obligation of the The Board of Directors must restrict the borrowings in order to secure that the aggregate amount of Company or any of its subsidiaries for which he himself or she herself has assumed responsibility in undischarged monies borrowed by the Group (and any of its subsidiaries), but excluding any intra-group whole or in part and whether alone or jointly with others under a guarantee or indemnity or by the giving debts, shall not at any time (without the previous sanction of the Company in the form of an ordinary of security; resolution) exceed a sum equal to twice the aggregate of the adjusted capital and reserves. • any proposal relating to the Company or any of its subsidiary undertakings where it is offering securities in which offer a Director is or may be entitled to participate as a holder of securities or in the Other provisions relating to Directors underwriting or sub-underwriting of which a Director is to participate; Under the Articles of Association, Directors are paid out of the Group’s funds for their services as it may from time to time determine by ordinary resolution and, in the case of Non-Executive Directors, up to an aggregate • any proposal relating to another Company in which he or she and any persons connected with him or of Ł1,000,000 per year or such other amounts as resolved by the shareholders at a general meeting. Any her do not to his or her knowledge hold an interest in shares (as that term is used in sections 820 to Director who is not an Executive Director and who performs special services which in the opinion of the Board 825 of the Act) representing one percent or more of either any class of the equity share capital, or the are outside the scope of the ordinary duties of a Director, may be paid such extra remuneration by way of voting rights, in such Company; additional fee, salary, commission or otherwise as the Board may determine in accordance with the Group’s • any proposal relating to an arrangement for the benefit of the employees of the Company or any of its remuneration policy. Under the Articles of Association, Directors currently are not required to hold any share subsidiary undertakings which does not award him or her any privilege or benefit not generally qualification. However, the remuneration policy mandates a shareholding guideline for Executive Directors awarded to the employees to whom such arrangement relates; and which they are expected to build towards over a specified period. • any proposal concerning insurance that the Company proposes to maintain or purchase for the benefit of Directors or for the benefit of persons, including Directors. General meetings Pursuant to the Act, the Company must hold an AGM (within six months beginning with the day following its Where proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment of two or more Directors to offices or accounting reference date) at a place and time determined by the Board. The following matters are usually employment with us or any Company in which the Group is interested, these proposals may be divided and considered at an AGM: considered separately and each of these Directors, if not prohibited from voting under the provisions of the eighth paragraph before this one, will be entitled to vote and be counted in the quorum with respect to each • approval of final dividend; resolution except that concerning his or her own appointment. • consideration of the Company’s annual accounts together with associated reports of the Board of Retirement and re-appointment of Directors Directors and auditors; At every AGM, all the Directors at the date of the notice convening the AGM shall retire from office. A retiring • appointment or re-appointment of Directors; Director shall, if willing to act, be eligible for re-appointment. If he or she is not re-appointed, he or she shall • appointment or re-appointment of the auditors, and authorisation for the Audit Committee to determine retain office until the meeting appoints someone in his or her place, or if it does not do so, until of the end of and fix the remuneration of the auditors; and the meeting, or until the end of the adjourned meeting if the meeting is adjourned. • renewal, limitation, extension, variation or grant of any authority to the Board in relation to the allotment Where a Director has been reappointed after notice of the AGM has been given, that Director shall retire at and repurchase of securities. the next AGM of which notice is first given after his or her appointment as Director. The Board may call a general meeting whenever it thinks fit. If at any time there are not within the United If there is an insufficient number of appointed or re-appointed Directors at any of the Company’s AGMs Kingdom sufficient Directors capable of acting to form a quorum, any Director or any two members may rendering the Board inquorate, all Directors shall be automatically re-appointed only for the purposes of convene a general meeting in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which meetings may be filling vacancies and convening general meetings of the Company and to perform such duties as are convened by the Board. appropriate to maintain the Company as a going concern and to enable it to comply with its legal and No business shall be dealt with at any general meeting unless a quorum is present when the meeting regulatory obligations. The Directors are required to convene a further general meeting of the Company as proceeds to business. Three members present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote shall be a quorum for soon as reasonably practicable to allow new Directors to be appointed, and such Directors who were not all purposes. A corporation being a member shall be deemed to be personally present if represented by its appointed at the original general meeting shall subsequently retire. duly authorised representative. Borrowing powers If a quorum for a meeting convened at the request of shareholders is not present within 15 minutes of the The Board of Directors may exercise all powers to borrow money and to mortgage or charge the Group’s appointed time (or if during a meeting such a quorum ceases to be present), the meeting will be dissolved. In undertaking, property and uncalled capital and to issue debentures and other securities, whether outright or any other case, the general meeting will be adjourned to such time and with such means of attendance and as collateral security for any of its or any third party’s debts, liabilities or obligations. participation as the Chair of the meeting may determine. If at that rescheduled meeting a quorum is not present within fifteen minutes from the time appointed for holding the meeting, the shareholders present in person or by proxy will be a quorum. Annual report and accounts 2024 Pearson plc 237 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Other information (unaudited) Additional information for US listing purposes continued The Chair or, in his or her absence, the Deputy Chair or any other Director nominated by the Board, will Changes in capital preside as Chair at every general meeting. If no Director is present at the general meeting or no Director consents to act as Chair, the shareholders present shall elect one of their number to be Chair of the The Group may, from time to time by ordinary resolution subject to the Act: meeting. • consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of a larger nominal amount than its existing The Board may resolve to enable persons entitled to attend and participate in a general meeting to do so by shares; or simultaneous attendance and participation by means of electronic facility or facilities and determine the • sub-divide all of or any of its existing shares into shares of smaller nominal amounts. means, or all different means, of attendance and participation used in relation to a general meeting. The members present in person or by proxy by means of electronic facility or facilities shall be counted in the The Group may, from time to time, increase its share capital by allotting new shares in accordance with the quorum for, and entitled to participate in the general meeting in question. That meeting shall be duly prescribed threshold authorised by shareholders at the last AGM and subject to the consents and procedures constituted and its proceedings valid if the Chair of the meeting is satisfied that adequate facilities are required by the Act. The Group may also, by special resolution, reduce its share capital. available throughout the meeting to ensure that members attending the meeting by all means (including by means of electronic facility or facilities) are able to: Voting rights Every holder of ordinary shares present in person or by proxy at a meeting of shareholders has one vote on a c. participate in the business for which the meeting has been convened; vote taken by a show of hands. On a poll, every holder of ordinary shares who is present in person or by proxy d. hear all persons who speak at the meeting; and has one vote for every 25 pence of nominal share capital (being one ordinary share) of which he or she is the e. be heard by all persons present at the meeting. holder. Voting at any meeting of shareholders is usually on a poll rather than by show of hands. Voting on a poll is more transparent and equitable because it includes the votes of all shareholders, including those cast A member seeking to be present in person or by proxy at a general meeting by means of electronic facility by proxies, rather than just the votes of those shareholders who attend the meeting. A poll may also be or facilities is responsible for ensuring they have access to and can use the facility or facilities. The meeting demanded by: shall be duly constituted and its proceedings valid notwithstanding the inability of the member to gain access to use the facility or facilities, or the loss of access to or use of the facility or facilities during the • the Chair of the meeting; meeting. • at least three shareholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote; Share certificates • any shareholder or shareholders present in person or by proxy representing not less than one- tenth of the total voting rights of all shareholders having the right
