 are presented in order of priority in frameworks and meets the expectations of investors, Chapter 2. Non-financial risks are also addressed in the shareholders, employees, clients and other stakeholders. A form of CSR issues in this chapter. Human rights and dynamic table of environmental, social and governance environmental risks are presented in Section 4.4.6, to (ESG) indicators, cross-referencing with other standards, is comply with Duty of Care requirements. As part of the also available on the website (CSR Section) under the Groupe’s Climate strategy, the work carried out on these heading “CSR Smart data.” risks is presented in Section 4.2.1.3; This sustainability report covers the period from January 1 to ■ the governance of the Groupe and the functioning of its December 31, 2024. It is aligned with the scope of the governance bodies are presented in Chapter 3; financial statements and covers the entire Groupe and ■ the consolidated financial statements are in Chapter 6; turnover generated in 2024. The 844 entities worldwide (except entities acquired for less than six months at ■ the simplified cross-reference table specific to ESRS can December 31, 2024) are covered by this sustainability be found in Section 4.1.11 reporting; these are entities with employees. The same The methodology and processes in place for CSR and applies to European subsidiaries that may be subject to the sustainability reporting are explained in Section 4.1.2. CSRD, which are exempt. It covers the Company’s operations, including the upstream value chain (suppliers, In accordance with French and European regulations, the partners, etc.), and the intellectual services to companies certification report of the sustainability information offered to its downstream clients. This report follows the prepared by the external independent auditors Grant CSRD requirements, taking into account impacts, risks and Thornton is found in Section 4.5. *** Questions regarding this non-financial and sustainability reporting may be addressed to the Groupe CSR Department: csr@publicisgroupe.com. (1) Countries in which the company has 50 or more employees representing at least 10% of the total number of employees. 148 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION 4.1 GENERAL INFORMATION 4.1.1 General basis of their respective CSRD and ESRS. Joint work between sub- groups was carried out on shared topics such as the double for preparation materiality analysis. A regular progress report was presented to the Groupe’s Secretary General and Chief Notice to readers on the application of the CSRD and ESRS Impact Officer. The initial phase was to analyze the for Publicis Groupe discrepancies between the information available in the non- The European directive, the CSRD (Corporate Sustainability financial reporting in its former form (NFRD format) and the Reporting Directive) and ESRS (European Sustainability information expected by the new regulations based on the Reporting Standards), are primarily intended to bring non- 1,000 data points of the ESRS, reviewed one by one. The financial reporting to the same level of requirements as double materiality analysis explored the 20 key issues in financial reporting, to give a more complete understanding greater depth and defined their scope in terms of impacts, of the Company’s activities and its impacts. This Directive risks and opportunities (IRO). This analysis continued in also aims to harmonize and to improve the quality of 2024, identifying the four ESRS standards considered non- sustainability information published by European material: companies. The regulator has given companies the opportunity to report on their progress in implementing the ■ ESRS E2 - Pollution: with regard to the double materiality 4 analysis and the type of intellectual services offered to texts, so certain data points will be available gradually (in the Groupe’s clients, pollution issues do not appear to be 2025 or 2026). This new law, transposed in France, requires applicable. This does not exempt the Company from companies to adopt a more complex approach than for the measuring its waste and type of waste or improving its preparation of the NFRD, and it is more granular in many waste sorting. Since 2009, the Company has been areas. measuring the volume of its waste and e-waste every The Groupe has endeavored to apply the standards-related year in order to reduce it and promote efficient recycling. requirements set by the ESRS, as applicable on the date of The Groupe questions its suppliers on this matter as part the sustainability statement, based on available data and of their CSR assessments. In addition, the Groupe information. The use of scope limitations is mentioned on a annually monitors the commitments of its major clients in case-by-case basis for certain data, as specified in the terms of the environment, in particular their climate contextual elements, or at the end of each topical ESRS. trajectory and the reduction of their impacts. Finally, certain information required by the ESRS standards [ESRS 2 IRO- 2-58] was not available at year-end (December 31, 2024) due to ■ ESRS E3 - Water and marine resources: the double the new time constraints required to report this new materiality analysis does not identify this topic as information. material, which is consistent with the Company’s 2024 is the first year of application; the Groupe will improve intellectual services activities. However, the quantities of this sustainability reporting with regard to additional market water consumed in offices around the world have been recommendations, positions or interpretations as soon as traced since 2009, and the objective remains to limit the they become available. All of this information will be use of this resource. The Groupe also asks its suppliers provided in 2025. about their impacts on their management of water resources, in particular consumer activities such as data Sustainability reporting covers all Publicis Groupe centers and the cloud. [ESRS 2 IRO-2-58] subsidiaries worldwide, aligned with the consolidated scope of financial reporting from January 1 to December 31, 2024. ■ ESRS E4 - Biodiversity and ecosystems: given that it [ESRS 2 BP-1-5 (b) i] Any exclusions are indicated in the provides intellectual services activities to companies, the scope for the metrics concerned (see Section 4.1.2). Groupe’s double materiality analysis does not identify Companies acquired less than six months before December this as a major topic. However, aware that these are 31, 2024 are included in all social metrics, but not in natural dimensions that need to be better understood, environmental metrics. As these are new challenges for the Groupe carried out an initial biodiversity footprint these companies joining the Groupe, we are giving them analysis in 2023. This work did not reveal any significant some time to familiarize themselves with the reporting impacts. [ESRS 2 IRO-2-58] requirements. ■ ESRS S3 - Affected communities: the Groupe has This sustainability report is based on a CSR reporting historically been very committed to local communities in process that has been strengthened following preparatory the countries and cities where the teams work. However, work undertaken since 2022 in anticipation of the European the double materiality analysis did not identify this topic CSRD Directive coming into force. as material. The Groupe will continue to analyze the actions it carries out in favor of communities, in particular Work in advance of the reporting: eight topical working its societal commitments and actions promoting public groups were set up in 2023 on the basis of the CSR Steering interest causes. [ESRS 2 IRO-2-58] Committee, in place since 2009, to work on implementing regulatory changes, with each department taking ownership 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 149 4. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION ***** Note on data points not covered: For this 2024 report, data points have not yet been published. They will be indicated at the end of each ESRS and the reasons will be given, which are mainly as follows: ESRS not covered Reasons for not being included in this 2024 report ESRS data point Not covered in 2024 - It will be covered in 2025 (or 2026) ESRS data point Current data are partial and not yet sufficiently representative - It will be covered in 2025 (or 2026) ESRS data point Not applicable, with regard to the Company’s intellectual services activities and the double materiality analysis 4.1.2 CSR reporting Bureau Veritas on issues of measurement and methodology related to greenhouse gas emissions. For social issues, the methodology and process Groupe carried out a major social audit in 2023 with the help of WTW, and works occasionally with other firms. The CSR Reporting organization Department works in project mode with various local teams responsible for client projects worldwide. It uses a dual The CSR Department manages an internal CSR Steering approach: “push” to help with the roll-out of internal Committee, bringing together the Groupe’s main corporate initiatives and progress certain issues, and “pull” by driving functions (Legal and Compliance, Finance, HR Operations, the non-financial reporting (sustainability). Financial Monitoring Controls, Procurement, Risk The basis of CSR reporting in the CSRD and ESRS format is Management, etc.), which covers all key areas included in described in an ad hoc document, the CSR Reporting CSR or non-financial reporting. The CSR Steering Committee Comprehensive Guide, which is updated at least once a year. is a stakeholder in the in-depth work on the application of It includes: the new European Sustainability Reporting Standards. The CSR Department is also supported by external firms such as EcoAct and Carbone 4 on environmental issues and 150 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION ■ the definition of all material quantitative and qualitative The exercise is based on data collected at the level of each metrics collected at entity level, it also has the ESRS subsidiary/entity. However, some metrics are subject to heading and an explanation allowing everyone in their lower coverage rates, and exclusions are due to the lack of local context to understand it. Calculation rules and focal data on these topics from our subsidiaries: points are indicated, as well as diagrams showing the ■ absenteeism: coverage rate of 97.7% of own workforce; organization of data checks, with the roles and responsibilities of each person from the relevant position ■ electricity: coverage rate of 97.4% of own workforce; in the entity to the Groupe CSR Department for the final ■ water: coverage rate of 83.8% of own workforce; check before consolidation; ■ waste: coverage rate of 84.3% of own workforce; ■ a description of the tools and systems used for data ■ paper: coverage rate of 81.3% of own workforce. collection, and the link to existing sources and documents. Whether it concerns their governance, user These exclusions are monitored locally and at Groupe level rights or documents available for new contributors, all in order to improve coverage rates in subsequent years. this structuring information is available directly with The 2024 sustainability (CSR) reporting covers the period updates; from January 1 to December 31, 2024 and is carried out ■ referral of metrics to Janus Groupe policies, the Code of annually. Conduct and Ethics, and more local policies where applicable; Data collection and ■ referral to the various internal communication channels methodological details 4 dedicated to sustainability reporting, active throughout the year to inform and mobilize, and to train and prepare Data collection for sustainability reporting is done at the ahead of each reporting cycle. level of each Groupe entity, according to a procedure aligned with the financial reporting. The tools used are: The 2024 CSR Reporting Comprehensive Guide was developed by the Groupe CSR Department with the support ■ Quantitative social, societal and environmental data is of a cross-functional project group of around one hundred collected in accordance with financial reporting control people. It was shared with over 1,000 contributors, with rules and processes via a dedicated module (HFM several online sessions that accompanied the final CSRGRI) incorporated into the financial information preparation between August and December 2024 system (HFM) and specific verification, control and (preparatory work for the CSRD began at the end of 2022). validation processes. The collection process is organized This community met every week, answering various internal in three stages: the entry of local data, by the questions as they arose. contributors in the agency and/or by Re: sources, then the validated at the agency or country, Brand or region The CSR Reporting Comprehensive Guide includes seven level, and finally verification and consolidation by the sections in order to cover all the areas expected by the Groupe CSR Department. This data is under the regulator and meet the expectations of contributors, with a responsibility of the agency and country Financial view to continuous improvement. Directors; Scope ■ quantitative social information related to the Company’s own workers and demographics is collected via Career CSR/ESG reporting is based on social, societal and Settings, the Human Resources reporting system (HRIS - environmental metrics collected in 840 Groupe entities since Human Resource Information System). The data included 2009, with a coverage rate of 99% of the Groupe's own in this system is under the responsibility of the Chief workforce. Talent Officers (CTOs or Human Resources Directors/ Managers) of the agencies and countries, responsible for The scope of CSR and non-financial reporting is aligned with data verification. Three levels of controls are carried out that of consolidated financial reporting, including all locally by the CTOs in the agencies, then the data is subsidiaries controlled by the Groupe, which in most cases assembled by a dedicated team, under the responsibility are more than 50% owned by the Groupe, and entities over of the Groupe HR Operations Department, working which the Groupe has operational control. This scope does closely with the Groupe CSR Department for not include associates (see table in Chapter 6, Note 36). All reconciliation with other qualitative social data collecting associates have communications and technology activities tools. that are in all respects similar to those of Publicis. The sustainability scope will be extended to these companies in Backed by Career Settings, Career Conversations makes future reports. [ESRS 2 BP-1-5 (b) i & ii] it possible to carry out and monitor employee assessments and the various systems for monitoring and developing their skills. Marcel.ai and Marcel Classes are also backed by Career Settings to consolidate data related to employee training; 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 151 4. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION ■ qualitative social, societal and environmental information data in time were authorized to use the previous year and is collected via a dedicated internal platform, PARIS the per capita ratio to calculate the year 2024. To calculate (Publicis Groupe Platform for Agencies Reporting on the GHG emissions assessment, the methodological note Impacts & Sustainability), accessible to all agencies. specifies the type of data used, direct or indirect, and their Qualitative information is placed under the responsibility sources, as well as the degree of uncertainty (see of Chief Talent Officers or HR Directors/Managers and the Section 4.2.4). agencies and countries, who validate the selected [ESRS 2 BP-1-10 (a) & (b) ; ESRS 2 BP-2-11 (b) i & ii] content. HFM CSRGRI and PARIS are interfaced for consistency Data verification and control checks at the level of each subsidiary; In the course of its data checking and verification process ■ an additional social questionnaire was set up in 2024 to (of each metric per agency), the Groupe CSR Department collect social data relating to labor law and employee was in direct contact with all the local teams during the final social protection law at country level; consolidation phase. All of the quantitative data and ■ for the rest of the value chain: [ESRS 2 BP-1-5 (c)] qualitative information is checked and analyzed by the Groupe CSR Department, which is responsible for the ■ for the Groupe’s corporate clients, the SBTi platform is Groupe's published consolidated reporting. used to monitor their climate commitments; The teams responsible for controlling financial reporting, ■ thanks to the data collected, and in cooperation with FMC (Financial Monitoring Control), and Internal Audit the Groupe Procurement Department, some Tier 1 verify, as part of their work, compliance with the financial suppliers are integrated into the external CSR and sustainability reporting processes within the entities. assessment platform EcoVadis and the internal P.A.S.S. platform (Publicis Groupe Providers’ Platform External auditors from Grant Thornton carried out 31 so- for a self-Assessment for a Sustainable Supply-chain), called “on-site” audits in the agencies (sometimes carried enabling suppliers to self-assess on CSR issues. Other out remotely due to the decentralized organization of the external tools are used as part of the supplier Due teams) in the following countries: United States, France, Diligence (see Section 4.3.10.2). India, United Kingdom, as well as China, Colombia and Costa Rica, representing 37.7% of own workers. The external Sustainability reporting is done throughout the year with the auditors have certified the information of the sustainability help of CSR Managers and CSR or Sustainability Champions report in Section 4.5, pursuant to the new regulatory in the agencies, and with the support of teams from the requirements related to the entry into application of the shared service centers (Re:Sources) involved upstream of CSRD, with a moderate level of assurance. They checked the reporting. quantitative and qualitative data at subsidiary level and then The nature of the data collected, particularly for consolidated at Groupe level. Their analysis also focused on environmental metrics, is based on actual data recorded. the processes and explanations provided by the various However, for certain data (such as water or heating) teams with regard to the time allowed by the regulations to available in several countries well after the reporting and collect all the data points. disclosure deadlines, entities that did not have the actual / Systems and tools used for sustainability reporting System/tool (or source) Use Department responsible HFM CSRGRI - Hyperion (Oracle) Entry and consolidation of quantitative Finance departments of subsidiaries environmental, social and societal data and countries and heads of shared (entity level) services (Re:Sources) Career Settings & Career Conversations (SAP) Collection of quantitative social data Talent & HR Departments (entity level) of subsidiaries and countries PARIS - Qualitative database (Sharepoint) Collection of quantitative social data Talent & HR Departments in the form of examples and illustrations of subsidiaries and countries Internal Social Questionnaire (Airtable) Collection of qualitative social data Talent & HR Departments (country level) of subsidiaries and countries A.L.I.C.E (Advertising Limiting Impacts Measurement of the carbon footprint Groupe CSR Department & Carbon Emissions) of clients’ projects & local CSR Teams EcoVadis Collection of CSR data from suppliers shared Global Procurement on this third-party platform and Groupe CSR Departments P.A.S.S. (Publicis Groupe Providers Platform for a Collection of CSR data based on data declared Global Procurement self-Assessment for a Sustainable Supply-chain) by suppliers and Groupe CSR Departments SBTi (Science Based Targets initiative) Monitoring of companies’ climate commitments Groupe CSR Department 152 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION 4.1.3 CSR/ESG governance ■ the composition of the Board of Directors and its Committees, including employee representation, the Board’s The General Shareholders’ meeting of May 29, 2024 diversity policy pursuant to the Copé-Zimmermann Act approved the change in the mode of governance of Publicis of 2011, the independence of Directors, their experience Groupe SA by adopting a governance structure with a Board and skills; [ESRS 2 GOV-1-21 (a) à (e)] of Directors, with Mr. Arthur Sadoun as the sole executive ■ the duties and activities of the Board and its Committees corporate officer as Chair and Chief Executive Officer. during the financial year; [ESRS 2 GOV-1-22 (a), (c) ii] In this context, CSR governing bodies have also evolved. The ■ the respective roles and responsibilities of the governing Board’s ESG Committee has seen its scope redistributed and executive management bodies; [ESRS 2 GOV-1-22 (c)] between the Audit and Financial Risk Committee and the ■ their particular involvement in the analysis of Impacts- new Strategic, Environmental and Social Committee. Risks-Opportunities; [ESRS 2 GOV-1-22 (b)] Chapter 3 of this Universal Registration Document presents ■ the processes and procedures as well as the links between in detail: the various bodies, and the control procedures in place. [ESRS 2 GOV- 1-22 (c) i, ii, iii ; ESRS 2 GOV 1-22 (d)] 4 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 153 4. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION ■ In 2024, the missions of the Audit and Financial Risks targets approved by the Groupe’s governance bodies. Committee of the Board (see Section 3.1.4.1 of this The Janus Code of Conduct and Ethics incorporates these document) changed to integrate its new responsibilities elements into ESG policies. The CSR Department relies on on sustainability reporting, particularly its monitoring of the CSR Steering Committee, in place since 2015 and impacts, risks and opportunities concerning bringing together the corporate departments: Legal and sustainability. The Committee also ensures the integrity Compliance, Finance and Information Systems, Human of the non-financial reporting process and the Resources Operations, Groupe Procurement, Risks, effectiveness of the internal control and risk management Internal Financial Control, Internal Audit, Shared systems in terms of sustainability reporting. This step was Services/Re:Sources (IT, Real Estate, etc.). The an extension of the work carried out in 2023, with the managers of the countries or businesses are involved in presentation of the ESG risk mapping (with a rating the work in order to take into account clients’ CSR issues. aligned with the Groupe risk mapping), and the results of Work in 2024 focused on compliance with the CSRD and the double materiality analysis, based on the study of ESRS. impacts, risks and opportunities (IRO) specific to the The CSR Department leads several internal bodies that Company. Regulatory changes in sustainability reporting have been set up for sharing experience and cooperation, are shared on a regular basis, along with a parallel such as the Groupe Impact & Equity Council, which brings analysis of short- and medium-term actions. The together the managers responsible for inclusion and Committee was regularly informed of progress by the Impact & Equity programs every two months, or the Chief Impact Officer, as well as the work carried out with Climate Crew, which brings together the teams in charge the external sustainability auditors to produce the of reducing environmental impact every two months. It is sustainability statements. also working with various business lines in several ■ In 2024, the Strategic, Environmental and Social countries to identify metrics specific to activities around Committee of the Board (see Section 3.1.4.4 of this the challenges of responsible marketing. document) took note of the work carried out by the ESG ■ The Audit and Internal Financial Control (Financial Committee in April 2024 before the change in form of Monitoring Controls) Department have included certain governance, in particular the preparation of the CSR topics in their work programs, such as those relating Sustainability Reporting to meet the new requirements to talent, compliance issues in terms of personal data and of the CSRD Directive. It was informed of the progress IT systems security. of ongoing projects relating to the three ESG pillars of the Sustainability report. It also monitored the The Risk Management team developed ESG risk mapping implementation of the Groupe’s vigilance plan. by relying on the Groupe’s major risk mapping [ESRS 2 GOV-1-22 (a) to (c) i; ESRS 2 GOV-2-26 (a) to (c)] methodology and has worked closely with the CSR Department to ensure consistency with the double ■ Within the Executive Committee, chaired by Mr. Arthur materiality exercise. It has also participated in the double Sadoun, Chair and Chief Executive Officer, CSR issues are materiality analysis work. supervised by Ms. Agathe Bousquet, Chair of Publicis Groupe in France, who deals with cross-functional issues The Risk Management and FMC (Financial Monitoring across the three pillars of the Company (Intelligent Controls) teams (see Section 2.2) support the CSR Creativity, Connected Media, Technology), including CSR. Department in structuring an ESG control framework, which integrates the new elements of the CSRD and ■ In May 2024, Mr. Arthur Sadoun created a new position ESRS. and appointed a Chief Impact Officer, Ms. Nannette Lafond DuFour, a member of the Management ■ In the agencies and countries, operational deployment of Committee. The scope of this position covers the CSR CSR actions is carried out under the responsibility of local strategy and sustainability reporting, as well as the management, and priority actions are implemented Groupe’s flagship initiatives, such as the Women's Forum, based on topic by their dedicated CSR teams (CSR the Working With Cancer advocacy and issues of impact Ambassadors or Sustainability Champions), the Talent, and equity. [ESRS 2-MDR-P-65(c)] HR or Impact & Equity teams, and of course with the Operational Business teams. Not to mention the local ■ The Groupe CSR Department reports to the Chief Impact Re:Sources teams for the support functions in the shared Officer. This team is in charge of developing and service centers, which collect environmental data. It is deploying the ESG strategy, projects and changes to the important to highlight the very large number of policies involved in the Groupe’s CSR strategy, and employees volunteering to start new CSR initiatives and monitoring action plans and targets. This department is in innovate in their daily professional practices. charge of non-financial reporting. This department is a [ESRS 2 GOV-1-22 (a)] source of proposals to Executive Management for changes to be implemented in order to achieve the 154 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION 4.1.4 Integration of The entry into force of the CSRD was an opportunity for in- depth work, carried out in 2023, on the mapping of ESG sustainability issues risks. The objective is to establish a common base with the into compensation double materiality exercise, and to have consistency in the approach to and definition of the issues. The methodology Since 2020, Publicis Groupe has included sustainability used for its development is consistent with that used for issues in the variable portion of executive compensation other mapping exercises (see Section 2 of this document). (annual variable and long-term variable), a compensation The common foundation is based on the identification of structure submitted each year to a shareholder vote. twenty key CSR issues for Publicis Groupe, resulting These elements are explained in Section 3.2. [ESRS 2 from a sectoral, documentary and regulatory analysis, GOV-3-29 (a) to (e)] Two CSR criteria were used: supplemented by qualitative interviews with key contacts in ■ in social matters, 45% women on the main Executive the Groupe’s various functions and regions. The mapping Committees in the Groupe (Groupe Executive process has identified 15 risks, some of which are from Committee, Management Committee, Executive the Groupe’s major risk mapping. No risk appeared to Committees of the main countries and brands) in 2025, be very high and certain. [ESRS 2 GOV 5-36 (a) to (c)] with an annual checkpoint of 44% in 2024. The choice of Nevertheless, five CSR/ESG risks were analyzed in depth: this criterion was motivated by the need to advance ■ challenges in the management and protection of personal gender equality, particularly at the highest levels of data (Chapter 2 and Section 4.3.12.7); responsibility in the Groupe and its main subsidiaries. The ■ data security breach (Chapter 2 and Section 4.2.3); 4 2024 target has been achieved and exceeded, with 45.8%; ■ deterioration in the well-being and working conditions of talent (Chapter 2 and Section 4.3.12.8); ■ in terms of the environment, switch to 100% direct renewable energy by 2030, with an annual checkpoint of ■ growing challenges on social equity issues (Chapter 2 65% in 2024. The choice of this criterion was motivated and Section 4.3.4); by the need to use only renewable energy sources for all ■ climate change challenges for advertising activities (see offices worldwide, the purchase of certificates of origin Section 4.2.2). (RECs or similar) being a transitional measure. The 2024 target has been achieved, with 75%. The results of this work on ESG risk mapping were [ESRS 2 GOV-3-29 (b) & (c)] presented to the Supervisory Board’s Audit Committee and ESG Committee in September 2023. From 2022, in anticipation of the CSRD and ESRS coming 4.1.5 ESG risk management into force, an ad hoc study on climate-related risks was and mapping carried out with the Risk Management team with the help of an external firm. The objective was to have a more precise Historically, ESG risks have been included in the Groupe’s analysis of physical risks, depending on the location of major risk map (Chapter 2 of this document), in particular offices and data centers in urban areas, and transition risks. risks relating to Talent and social issues, but also risks Based on the work of the IPCC, two scenarios were selected: related to ethics, personal data and data security. These RCP 2.8 (stabilization at 1.5°C), and RCP 8.5 (4°C scenario). risks are also analyzed and monitored as part of the This work was shared with the ESG Committee in 2023 and application of the French law on the Duty of Care (see taken into account for the completion of the ESG risk Section 4.6). Specific topics were explored in depth as part mapping in 2023, reviewed by the ESG Committee and of the ESG Committee’s work before the change in Audit Committee in September 2023. These elements were governance, and since then by the Strategic, Environment also considered to carry out the work for the Duty of Care and Social Committee. The same applies to the monitoring risk mapping in 2024, presented to the Strategic, of the Company’s three main ESG priorities and related Environment and Social Committee in September 2024. actions. [ESRS 2 GOV-5-36 (d)] 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 155 4. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION 4.1.6 Sustainability-related Our strengths internal controls Our talents and all the teams in each business line are Publicis Groupe’s main asset; they are passionate and The structure of the sustainability-related internal control is curious, well-trained and connected to all types of based on several elements described in this chapter, in the innovation, experts in countless fields and attentive to sustainability reporting methodology, as well as in other societal changes. chapters of this document, namely: [ESRS 2 IRO-1-53 (d)] The Power of One organization places the client at the ■ the Groupe’s internal control and risk management center: it is the operational lever enabling highly effective system and procedures presented in Chapter 2, Sections client support and project implementation and monitoring. 2.2.1, 2.2.2 and 2.2.4 and the Sustainability reporting Very early on, Publicis Groupe moved into Technology and requirements are the same as those applied for financial Data, which enabled it to offer clients highly innovative and reporting. The Groupe’s internal control and risk integrated solutions. With CoreAI, Publicis goes further. management system is based on the COSO 2013 CoreAI unites the Groupe’s proprietary data, including 2.3 framework; [ESRS 2 GOV-5-36 (a) & (b)] billion profiles, and for each, thousands of useful data points. ■ the elements specific to sustainability reporting are CoreAI feeds into and enhances the three strategic pillars explained in Section 4.1.2 (reporting methodology and and helps to support the modernization of clients' business processes). The 2024 CSR Reporting Comprehensive models in a world where everything is connected. Guide was developed by the Groupe CSR Department The services proposed enable corporate clients to gain new and was shared with the Financial Monitoring Control and market share, retain their existing clients, forge innovative Risk Management teams; [ESRS 2 GOV-5-36 (a) & (d)] operational partnerships, develop their products and ■ the Internal Audit teams have access to the sustainability services, and anticipate the expectations of future clients. audit reports of the entities following the on-site audits The objective is to carry out our business by applying high carried out by the sustainability auditor. In addition, the standards and ethical practices, and by integrating social CSR teams are consulted prior to the assignments and environmental impacts with the permanent objectives pursuant to the audit plan; of reducing negative impacts and increasing positive ■ the missions of the Board of Directors as well as the work impacts. carried out by the Board Committees, in Section 3.1.4. The experience of the pandemic in 2020 & 2021 validated [ESRS 2 GOV-5-36 (d) & (e)] the Groupe’s resilience in the face of a major physical impediment, with employees around the world having ensured good business continuity and client service, and 4.1.7 Strategy and business demonstrated a real agility to adapt to exceptional model circumstances. Major climatic hazards can physically impact offices (power cuts, temporary inaccessibility, etc.), just as The Groupe’s strategy is described in detail in Chapter 1 of employees and their living quarters can be affected this document. For the ESRS, the description of inputs and (tornadoes, floods, fires, etc.), but the Groupe’s systems and products and results are presented in the Business Model local teams are trained to be able to quickly implement and Value Creation pages in the Introduction section of this solutions adapted to the needs of employees and clients. document. [ESRS 2 SBM-1-40, ESRS 2 SBM-1-42 (a) & (b), ESRS 2 SBM-3-48 (f)] Publicis Groupe is a consulting company, i.e. the provision of intellectual services (intangible goods) for its corporate clients, with responsible marketing and communication at the heart of the offer and the three strategic pillars: ■ creation and production under the heading Intelligent Creativity, ■ media and data under the heading Connected Media, ■ technological activities under the heading Technology 156 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION Upstream, the Company needs suppliers and partners to Engagement with stakeholders takes place at Groupe level, carry out the consulting service, then execute the action as well as at country or business level, in a complementary plan approved by the client. In addition to real estate lessors manner. The modus operandi differs between the Groupe for offices, Publicis’ main suppliers include technology and the subsidiaries; the example of France is interesting companies offering products and services such as hardware, due to its regular consultation mechanisms. At Groupe level, cloud services and digital solutions as well as software consultations regularly focus on impacts as described in essential for employees to work worldwide. Section 4.1.9 on the double materiality analysis. The results Under the contract between them and their clients, the of this work are shared with the Executive Management and agencies act in the name and/or on behalf of their clients, in the governance bodies, upstream of the process and particular for media purchases. When technological downstream, during the results. Over the ten or so years solutions are developed for clients, this is often done in that these mechanisms have been in operation, a degree of cooperation with other technology companies. stability has been observed in the prioritization of topics, which has reassured management teams with regard to the Downstream, Publicis Groupe’s clients contact their own Company’s economic, social and environmental strategy. clients and end-users interested in their brands, products or The detailed analysis of comments from stakeholders services. provides useful insight when preparing or revising The Groupe’s client portfolio is fairly balanced between the sustainability targets. The list of stakeholders is exhaustive various sectors and industries: automotive, finance, health, in order to take into account a large number of different food and beverage, technology, consumer goods, retail, etc. (see Key figures in the Introduction to this document). interactions: the details of their involvement in the work of the Sustainability Statement are indicated in Section 4.1.9. 4 [ESRS 2 SBM-1-42 (c)] [ESRS 2 SBM-2-45 (a), (b) & (d), ESRS 2 MDR-T-80 (h)] 4.1.8 Stakeholder consultation Publicis Groupe has many stakeholders in connection with the Company’s worldwide presence and its business model related to its intellectual services to companies. Three of them are considered as major stakeholders: clients, employees, and investors and shareholders. 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 157 4. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION Stakeholder expectations (modes of dialogue) Our responses & key policy points Main actions implemented Talents (semi-annual Career Conversation ● Protect the physical and mental ● Sustainability of physical and mental health satisfaction surveys, annual and ad hoc health of employees prevention solutions covering 100% of employees, individual interviews workshops, ● Increase social impact and equity launch of #WorkingWithCancer conferences seminars) ● Viva La Difference: employees are ● Programs enabling women to access key positions in Health and safety protection invited to participate in internal the Groupe: 45.8% in 2024 (2025 target: 46%) Increased inclusion in agencies and the round tables (the one in ● #WorkYourWorld program to work differently Groupe December helps to plan for the ● Marcel: platform serving 108,000 employees for their Support changes in society coming year) professional and personal development ● Offer a learning culture to grow ● The Groupe’s climate commitments validated by the and benefit from professional SBTi*, with the switch to 100% renewable energy by opportunities 2030 (75% in 2024) Clients (ongoing satisfaction surveys, quarterly, ● Support the marketing and digital ● Innovative Power of One offer semi-annual or annual Business reviews, transformation of our clients with ● Training of teams in the Groupe’s ethics rules joint projects) innovative solutions (Janus Code of Conduct and Ethics): 90% trained(1) Offer innovative, sustainable and ● Make responsible marketing the ● Reduction of GHG emissions through the Climate energy-efficient services standard Transition Plan and targets for 2030 and 2040 Transparency on data protection and ● Reduce our environmental ● A.L.I.C.E. (Advertising Limiting Impacts & Carbon use impacts in line with the Emissions): carbon calculator for campaigns and Environmental commitment (with 2030/2040 objectives validated projects promoting eco-design suppliers) by SBTi ● Events: Women’s Forum and VivaTechnology Suppliers & partners (Calls for tenders, annual/quarterly ● Reduce all negative impacts and ● Due diligence on suppliers to strengthen the strength reviews, P.A.S.S., joint projects) increase positive impacts together of commercial relationships Sustain business relationships ● Help SMEs access our calls for ● Specific action plan with the Supplier Diversity tenders and diversify our value program chain ● Enhanced CSR assessment of suppliers by a third party and deployment of the ESG Enhanced Program Shareholders and investors (quarterly conferences, ad hoc ● Sustain the Company’s financial, ● Regular and transparent communication through the meetings, roadshows, General economic, social and provision of information Shareholders’ meeting, written environmental performance responses) Create sustainable value Consumers and end-users (ad hoc studies and surveys, workshops, ● Listen carefully to expectations ● Training of employees in eco-design with the events) ● Encourage responsible deployment of the program NIBI and the use of Promote responsible products/services consumption behaviors A.L.I.C.E. Universities and schools (teaching, group work, visits, ● Welcome all differences ● Work in schools and universities to train (MCTP, conferences) ● Cooperate to innovate together Publicis Track, etc.) and co-construct the future of Promote social inclusion ● Support educational and research business lines programs ● Targeted local programs for disadvantaged young people who are far removed from our business lines Associations & NGOs (Meetings, conferences, pro bono & ● Support public interest causes ● Permanent dialogue and support through our volunteering campaigns, joint projects) fighting against social inequalities business lines at the service of NGOs Participate in the fight against and the climate emergency ● Creation of the Once And For All Coalition in favor of inequalities and climate change media aimed at minorities in the United States Regulatory authorities (regular conferences and meetings, ● Improve the standards of the ● Active participation in sector projects in countries joint projects) profession and promote self- where the Groupe operates, such as Ad Net Zero and Participation in inter-professional work regulation many others States and administrations (meetings, discussions) ● Meet local legal requirements and ● Member of the United Nations Global Compact Fulfill our obligations participate in local and global ● Participation in international institutional events such institutional dialogue as the World Economic Forum in Davos ESG rating agencies (questionnaires, discussions) ● Discuss as part of the assessments ● Make all data available with CSR Smart data on the Enhance the available information and examine the improvements to Groupe’s website be made (1) Training on the Janus Code of Conduct and Ethics takes various forms: online training in Marcel, awareness-raising sessions during programs for new employees, and more specific and detailed internal sessions for certain positions. * SBTi: Science-Based Targets initiative. 158 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION Policy Note [ESRS 2 MDR-P-63, 64 & 65]: the policies that to direct local discussions and/or their own publications (see structure Company life are developed at several levels: Section 4.1.8). As for universities and schools, close local ■ Groupe: Janus, the Code of Ethics and Conduct, is the relationships within the framework of our recruitment reference for all other policies (see Section 3.1.1.6). It is programs make it possible to collect their views (see Section based on the Groupe’s core values and is backed by 4.1.8). major international standards such as the United Nations The scope taken into account is that of the Company’s own Global Compact. It brings together all the standards with operations, as well as its business relationships with its which all employees must comply without exception. It is clients downstream or suppliers upstream; therefore mainly made available to all employees on the Marcel platform the Tier 1 value chain, but sometimes beyond. and the Groupe’s internal website. In addition, it is the [ESRS 2 SBM-3-48 (b) to (g), ESRS 2 IRO-1-53 (b) i, ii, iii] subject of mandatory training, generally held annually. The five work steps were as follows: Janus is subject to an annual review. Some policies may ■ contextual and sectoral, documentary and regulatory be adjusted during the year, particularly in the event of analysis. The literature review took into account regulatory change. Information is then sent to employees regulatory aspects and the interpretation of texts, the (e.g. anti-corruption policy); point of view of professional organizations and a review ■ countries: the policies establish the local implementation of the criticisms leveled at the communications industry measures in compliance with local regulations and their by associations and activists; specific characteristics. They are reviewed annually and adjusted regularly according to new or improved ■ cross-checking of work with that of ESG risk mapping; 4 systems, particularly in the social field; ■ qualitative interviews with clients from different sectors in several countries including the United States, the ■ agency/entity or network: for historical reasons, some United Kingdom and France; entities may maintain additional policies, as they are directly related to the activity and its operational ■ qualitative interviews with some ESG investors; characteristics. They are revised as needed. ■ qualitative internal interviews with employees, supplemented by webinars in four countries in 2023 (the United States, France, India and the United Kingdom), 4.1.9 Double materiality and repeated in 2024 in France and the United Kingdom analysis – impact to deepen the opportunity component. These interviews were supplemented by an internal survey at the and financial beginning of 2024 to which 350 employees familiar with CSR responded, using the internal Marcel Intelligence The double materiality analysis is based on the premise of platform. A second survey was carried out in the same examining, on the one hand, financial materiality, with the way at the end of 2024, confirming the findings from the impact of the deterioration of societal and environmental beginning of the year. Publicis Groupe does not have a conditions on the Company’s activity and its financial Social and Environmental Committee (CSE) at Groupe impacts, and, on the other hand, the materiality of impact, level, as the Groupe Works Council in France does not with the measurement of the impact of the Company’s have the assignments of a CSE. activities under these same conditions. [ESRS 2 IRO-1-53 (a) & (b) i to iv ; ESRS 2 IRO-1-53 (e) to (h)] The work was carried out at Groupe level in 2023 with the The double materiality analysis prioritized IRO (Impacts, assistance of Salterbaxter(1) and involvement of the Risk Risks and Opportunities) based on: Management team (see ESG risk mapping, Section 4.1.5), based on the same key CSR issues for Publicis Groupe as ■ the four-level severity of impacts scale (1-low, those that formed the basis of the ESG risk mapping. The 2-moderate, 3-high, 4-major) used to prioritize the work on ESG risks was also reconciled with the work carried Groupe’s risks (see Section 2.2.4); out in 2024 on the risks related to the Duty of Care Plan ■ the four-level probability of occurrence scale (1-rare, (Section 4.6). Three groups of stakeholders were asked to 2-possible, 3-probable, 4-certain) used to prioritize the take part in qualitative interviews: employees (at various Groupe’s risks (see Section 2,2,4); levels, managers and employees), clients (mainly ■ the time frame used is that recommended by the ESRS international clients) and investors. The views expressed by and is presented in the table below based on the consumers and users have been included on the basis of the concepts of short term (one year), medium term results of surveys carried out by third parties or the Groupe’s (between one and five years) or long term (more than agencies (see Section 4.3.12.6). The points of view of five years). associations and NGOs were taken into account with regard (1) Salterbaxter is a subsidiary of Publicis Groupe with offices in London, New York and Sydney. This entity is an expert in sustainability and communication support for companies’ sustainable development goals. It supports the Groupe in its engagement work with stakeholders and was involved in the single materiality exercises, and the double materiality exercise in 2023 and 2024. This mission is carried out under a standard contract with the Groupe’s CSR Department as a client. 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 159 4. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION This granular analysis identified more material IRO not identify any significant elements resulting from the around 20 key issues that were reclassified according to double materiality analysis to be reported in the financial their impact (positive or negative, potential or actual) statements. Action plans are integrated into the efficient and financial (risks and opportunities) materiality for running of the Company and do not require any operational Publicis. expenditure or significant investment. The methodologies [ESRS 2 BP-48 (d) & (e) ; ESRS 2 IRO-1-53 (c) i to iii] used to set targets and metrics are indicated in each topical ESRS. [ESRS 2 SBM-3-48 (d) & (e), ESRS 2 MDR-A-69 (a), The double materiality analysis shows a balance between ESRS 2 MDR-M-77 (a), ESRS 2 MDR-T-80 (a) to (f)] the various issues. These factors support the Groupe’s strategic CSR priorities. Questions of business ethics and The double materiality – impact and financial – is presented responsible marketing around the societal role that in a summary table. For the 20 key issues, the most communications and technology can play in the coming significant elements have been selected in this table so the ecological and social transitions are also among the topics reader can understand the related rating of the IRO. Major considered important by clients and employees alike. While impacts are indicated by the letter I, major risks are there are regional differences, they do not call into question indicated by the letter R, and opportunities are indicated by the order of priorities. This work did not highlight any the letter O. The positioning in relation to the value chain is obvious dependencies, whether in terms of impacts, risks or indicated in bold (suppliers and partners upstream, the opportunities. [ESRS 2 SBM-3-48 (a) to (c)] Company or Groupe for own operations, clients downstream). To date, this analysis had not revealed any major immediate [ESRS 2 SBM-3-48 (a), ESRS 2 SBM-3-48 (c) i, impact on the Groupe’s strategy and business model, ESRS 2 SBM-3-48 (c) iii] activities, client portfolio or geographical locations. It did 160 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION Impact 20 challenges Major impacts (I) category**: related to the Risks (R) A/P; +/- Impact Financial three CSR* & Opportunities (O) Impact time Groupe risk materiality*** materiality*** ESRS strategic The positioning in relation to the value chain is indicated in bold. frame**: factors with IRO with IRO priorities Detailed information is provided at the beginning of each material ESRS ST, MT & LT (Chapter 2) rating rating 1- I: Publicis Groupe’s activities generate carbon emissions, A&P; + & - - High Low Fight against particularly those from Scope 3 (in particular procurement, MT / LT climate transportation, etc.) I=H R=L change R: The risk lies in maintaining the status quo and not grasping O=L (E) the profound changes that will impact the Groupe’s business lines, suffering from restrictions on marketing certain products/ services O: Offer clients the Groupe’s services with the lowest and best controlled environmental impacts; drive the value chain including suppliers towards frugal solutions 2- I: The activities of essential suppliers have an impact on natural A&P; - - Medium Low Natural resources such as water, in particular in Data Centers ST resource R: Risks in our activities lie in the failure to take into account I=M R=L management global limits (and IPCC scenarios) and the failure to seek low- O=L (E) impact or low-carbon solutions O: Promote biosourced and traced materials from the circular 3- economy and active suppliers to reduce their impact I: E-waste is inherent to the digital activities of the Groupe A; - - Medium Low 4 Waste and e- (and suppliers) despite intangible intellectual services ST waste R: The major risk is the increase in energy consumption due I=M R=L (E) to the computing power requirements related to the use of AI O=L for the entire ecosystem and beyond O: Continuing to train teams around eco-design (NIBI program) as a real differentiator 4- I: The widest plurality within teams is an asset in the Groupe’s A&P; + & - Risks Medium Medium Equal business lines, in the social representations used in MT / LT related to opportunities communication, and to fight against discrimination employees I = M/H R=M & Inclusion R: The risk of unethical business behavior may impact the O=L (S) Groupe as well as its stakeholders, both from a legal, financial and reputational point of view O: Working for a more inclusive society for all the Company’s business lines and encouraging social innovation 5- I: With over 108,000 employees, ensuring their well-being is A; + Risks Medium Medium Employee fundamental to our activities because employees are the ST & MT / LT related to well-being company’s main assets employees I = M/H R=M (S) R: The social risk may impact the Groupe as well as its O=M stakeholders, both from a legal, financial and reputational point of view O: Become an employer of reference, choice and innovation 6- I: Employees must have a clear vision of their career in the A; + Risks Medium Medium Talent Groupe, meeting their expectations, and of their opportunities in ST, MT / LT related to attraction terms of training and career development employees I = M/H R=M and retention R: The risks are related to the loss of know-how and profiles O=M (S) with a strong creative capacity and/or technological innovation (artificial intelligence skills) O: Maintain a leadership and innovative position and make available to employees different flexibility options which are attractiveness factors 7- I: The working environment of all employees is intended to A; + Risks Low Low Health & enable them to work in a calm space ST, MT / LT related to Safety R: Health and safety risk can lead to the disaffection of employees I=L R=M (S) employees O=L O: Increase the attractiveness of the Groupe; Focus on suppliers active in this area in a tangible way 8- I: Respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms A; + - Low Low Human rights throughout the value chain is non-negotiable; the Company MT / LT (S) and its partners have an influential role I=L R=L R: Risks of human rights violations are detrimental to people, O=L especially the most vulnerable O: Give priority to suppliers active in this area in a tangible way 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 161 4. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION Impact 20 challenges Major impacts (I) category**: related to the Risks (R) A/P; +/- Impact Financial three CSR* & Opportunities (O) Impact time Groupe risk materiality*** materiality*** ESRS strategic The positioning in relation to the value chain is indicated in bold. frame**: factors with IRO with IRO priorities Detailed information is provided at the beginning of each material ESRS ST, MT & LT (Chapter 2) rating rating 9- I: Our communication skills serve public interest causes and the A; + - Low Low Communities benefit of local communities ST, MT / LT (S) R: Not playing our societal role and defending the Groupe’s I=L R=L values in the interests of communities that could jeopardize their O=L future O: Ensure that our business lines and achievements for clients have a positive, broad and measurable impact 10 - I: The promotion of new imaginative possibilities and behaviors A; + & - Risks of High Medium Responsible to support change gives our business lines their meaning; the ST & MT / LT litigation marketing products and services of our clients must be promoted with and govern- I = H R=M (S) substantiated and transparent arguments mental, O=M R: The main risk is giving the consumer arguments perceived legal and as misleading, masking reality and maintaining confusion arbitration O: Developing our professional standards to high levels of ethics proceedings and responsibility Artificial Intelligence risks 11 - I: The Company’s activities support the development of clients’ A&P; + & - Risks of High Low Client brands to help them make their transition ST & MT / LT litigation, selection R: The risk of unethical business behavior may impact the govern- I=H R=L (G) Groupe as well as its stakeholders, both from a legal, financial mental, O=M and reputational point of view legal and O: Strengthening ethical conduct on the part of all, an integral arbitration part of the relationship of trust built up with clients and proceedings partners, generates an attractive dynamic 12 - I: The Company may deal with so-called societal issues that go P; + & - - High Low Ability to beyond its own intrinsic scope and act in the public interest MT / LT influence R: The risk is not grasping society’s expectations for change I = M/H R=L society O: Promote new solutions, representations and options for the O=L (G) future; work with voluntary stakeholders in the value chain to cooperate together on a few selected causes 13 - I: The protection of personal data is a regulatory obligation P; - Personal Medium High Personal data but it is key to maintaining the trust of clients and consumers MT / LT data confi- protection R: Increasingly stringent regulatory changes aim to regulate dentiality I = M/H R=H (S) the use of personal data, to address increased risks related O=M particularly to the use of artificial intelligence O: The massive arrival of artificial intelligence will simplify and refine the interactions of brands with their consumers, allowing them to operate in a more precise and relevant way 14 - I: Constantly strengthening data security systems is an A; - Cyber-crime Medium High Data security imperative for the Groupe, its clients and their consumers MT / LT and (S) R: Faced with a resurgence of cyber-attacks, exacerbated by AI, information I = M R=H or a failure of information systems, the Groupe may be faced system O=M with significant financial consequences, including possible fines failures and legal risks AI Risks O: With CoreAI, the Groupe offers its clients tailor-made, secure strategies, enabling brands to be as close as possible to their customers and their needs; its Intelligence System approach identifies and reduces the bias of artificial intelligence 15 - I: Client satisfaction is the driving force of the Groupe; it is up A; + Risk related Medium High Client to us to anticipate their economic, social and environmental ST to client satisfaction development needs portfolios, I=M R=H (G) R: The risk is the loss of a client dissatisfied with the services AI Risks O=H provided, with financial and reputational impacts O: Strengthen the uniqueness of the Groupe’s offer in terms of impact to expand our partnerships, work on new projects and increase our market share 16 - I: Respect for values, laws and regulations, as well as the C, + Risks of Medium Medium Business continuous improvement of professional practices and ST & MT / LT litigation, ethics and standards, is one of the marks of difference of the Groupe government I = M R=M compliance R: The risk of unethical business behavior may impact the al, legal and O=M (G) Groupe as well as its stakeholders, both from a legal, financial arbitration and reputational point of view proceedings O: Being the clients’ preferred partner 162 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION Impact 20 challenges Major impacts (I) category**: related to the Risks (R) A/P; +/- Impact Financial three CSR* & Opportunities (O) Impact time Groupe risk materiality*** materiality*** ESRS strategic The positioning in relation to the value chain is indicated in bold. frame**: factors with IRO with IRO priorities Detailed information is provided at the beginning of each material ESRS ST, MT & LT (Chapter 2) rating rating 17 - I: Changes in the Company must be accompanied by inclusive A&P; + & - Risks of High Medium Impacts of social representation and situations aligned with immediate ST & MT / LT litigation, Groupe environmental issues government I = H R=M services R: The risk would be to cause the rejection of brands, products al, legal and O=M (social & or services, which could have financial and legal consequences arbitration environ- for clients, ourselves, consumers and other stakeholders proceedings mental) O: Building ecosystems with partners (clients, suppliers, etc.) (G) to accelerate societal changes in the short and medium term, to make the transition desirable 18 - I: Suppliers have a key role that we encourage to build a more A; + Risks of Low Medium Responsible inclusive and sustainable world together MT / LT litigation, procurement R: The main risk lies in unbalanced relationships with suppliers government I = L R=M (G) that could jeopardize them and harm the Groupe’s activities al, legal and O=M and projects for clients arbitration O: Working in trust with partners promotes innovation proceedings regardless of the size or activity of the suppliers 19 - Governance I: Good governance of the Company is a guarantee of performance and sustainability, benefiting its employees, A; + MT / LT - Low Low 4 (G) clients, investors and all stakeholders I=L R=L R: Governance risks could engender weakened vigilance that O=L must guide all actions of the Company O: Be attentive to all stakeholders regarding their expectations 20 - I: Sharing information in a simple, transparent and accessible P; + Risks of Low Low Transparency manner with stakeholders is a condition of economic and MT litigation, (media, data, social performance govern- I=L R=L ESG, etc.) R: The major risk is the client’s loss of trust, which would mental, O=L (G) undermine the Groupe’s activities and its sustainability legal and O: Fight against all forms of greenwashing/socialwashing arbitration and participate in improving professional standards proceedings * The graduation used is the same as for the Groupe risks presented in Chapter 2 with four levels: Very high, High, Medium, Low. ** A = Actual; P = Potential; + for positive, - for negative; ST = Short term (one year), MT/LT = Medium term (between one and five years)/ Long term (beyond five years). *** ESG: (E) Environment & Climate (S) – Social, Impact & Equity (G) Governance, Business ethics and Responsible Marketing. 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 163 4. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION 4.1.10 Multi-year CSR Strategy The Groupe’s multi-year CSR/ESG strategy is based on the following three main priorities. Targets are set by Executive Management; Groupe policies set a consistent framework for all subsidiaries, supplemented by local policies adapted to the context. The entities are responsible for operational implementation, with related action plans and monitoring of metrics. [ESRS 2 MDR-P-65 (a) to (f), ESRS 2 MDR-A-68 (a) to (e), ESRS 2 MDR-M-75, 77 (a) & (b), ESRS 2 MDR-T-80 (a) to (j) et 81 (a) & (b)] CSR/ESG issues Groupe policies Some key actions in brief 2024 Metrics Comments Targets and progress [ESRS 2 MDR-T-80 (a) to (g)] 1. European URD 2024 Eligible Groupe activities 11.9% Epsilon activities climate Taxonomy Reduction of Net Zero Climate ● Eight-point Climate action plan, aimed at 8% reduction SBTi reduction targets: carbon emissions Policy carbon emission reduction in line with the SBTi 23.1% reduction -50% by 2030 (GHG) CSR for Business 2030/2040 trajectory (2019 reference year) per capita -90% by 2040 Guidelines ● Strategic suppliers in compliance with the new 87% compliant engagement program Objective by 2025: 100% Renewable Net Zero Climate ● Eight-point climate action plan including point 65.2% of RE from 95% of renewable energies after energy Policy No. 2 Energy: increase the share of RE(1) direct sources(4) the purchase of RECs/GOs(2) Objective by 2030: 100% of RE from direct sources 2. Social: Impact HR General policy ● Recruitment programs for young people far 500 young 15th year of the MCTP, over & Equity Impact & Equity from the creative sphere people 400 participants policy & Country ● Percentage of Women in Groupe leadership 44.2% (5) 5th year of Publicis Track, policies positions (United States included) over 90 participants URD 2024 ● Women’s Forum for the Economy & Society for 1,800 participants Objective by 2025: 46% Press release women’s rights in Paris 12,000 participants online Training & HR General policy ● Marcel Classes and other training 94% Target 100% of employees professional URD 2024 ● Studio/Le Grand Studio programs 3,164 participants Of which 60% are women development Press release ● #WorkYourWorld 3,884 employees Of which 65% are women Employee well- Health & Safety ● Global partnership with Thrive Access to 100% To help employees take into being policy of employees account their mental health Press release ● #WorkingWithCancer pledge Over 2,700 Strong mobilization against corporate cancer-related stigma partners Compensation, URD 2024 ● Equal pay for men and women 2% of own 60% of own workforce covered in value sharing ● Adequate wage workforce needs 2024 with the Syndio tool an increase of 63% of own workforce covered in over 2% 2024 Engagement with Corporate ● Create & Impact (pro bono campaigns, Value €45 million Long-term commitments and communities Citizenship charter volunteering, sponsorship, etc.) concrete solidarity 3. Responsible Responsible ● Clients with an SBTi climate objective 98% (Top 100) Public climate commitments up marketing and Marketing policy ● “Once And For All” Coalition to support the $35 million Investment in content via the Business Press release (for media in favor of equality 2021-2024 Inclusion Investment Fund of Ethics OnceAndForAll) 80 participating Publicis Media Responsible ● Number of countries using A.L.I.C.E. companies Objective by 2025: use in large Marketing policy ● Number of clients/brands for where A.L.I.C.E. is +50 countries. Press release for used +250 With local adaptations NIBI ● Deployment of the NIBI program Ongoing Business ethics Janus Code of Employee training in Janus: 90%(3) Target: 100% of employees Conduct and Ethics ● Anti-corruption; 90% Ethics is at the heart of practices Anti-Bribery And ● Data protection; 89% and standards in all business Anti-Corruption ● Data security. 89% lines. policy Data Protection policy Data Security policy Responsible CSR for Business ● Compliance with the new ESG Enhanced 87% Target: 100% of Groupe suppliers purchasing Guidelines Program Target: 100% of critical suppliers ● Number of suppliers assessed by EcoVadis 355 Ecosystem & Website ● VivaTechnology: Tech can permeate the 165,000 13,500 start-ups Innovation economy and society participants in 120 countries represented Paris (1) RE: Renewable Energy. (2) REC: Renewable Energy Certificates/GO: guarantees of origin. (3) Training on the Janus Code of Ethics takes various forms: online training in Marcel, awareness-raising sessions during programs for new employees, and more specific internal sessions for certain positions. (4) The share of renewable energy increased from 65.2% to 75% by including offices in the United States where the transition to renewable energy sources is blocked and can only be achieved through the establishment of long-term contracts (see Section 4.2.4). (5) The proportion of women in the Groupe’s main Executive Committees rose from 44.2% to 45.8% after excluding the United States, following the decision of the Supreme Court of June 2023, which could make a quota policy uncertain or even illegal. 164 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION 4 4.1.11 Disclosure requirements - General disclosures / Due diligence process [ESRS 1 61, ESRS 2 GOV-4-30, 31, 32] Key elements to consider Associated ESRS Section in the Sustainability report a) Integration of the due ESRS 2 GOV-2 Detailed information concerning the integration of due diligence into the diligence process in ESRS 2 GOV-3 governance, strategy and business model is available in Sections 4.1.3 ■ governance ESRS 2 SBM-3 “CSR/ESG governance”, 4.6.1 “Governance and scope” of the Duty ■ strategy of Care Plan, 4.1.4 “Integration of sustainability items into compensation”, ■ business model 4.1.9 “Double materiality analysis and financial impact”, 4.2.1 “The Groupe’s climate commitments”, 4.3.2 “Analysis of impacts, risks and opportunities related to social issues”. b) Stakeholder ESRS 2 GOV-2 Items concerning stakeholder engagement in the due diligence process engagement in the ESRS 2 SBM-2 are available in Sections 4.1.3 “CSR/ESG governance”, 4.1.8 “Stakeholder due diligence process ESRS 2 IRO-1 consultation”, 4.1.9 “Double materiality analysis and financial impact”, ESRS 2 MDR-P as well as within the topical ESRS related to Climate (E1-2), social issues (S1-1, S1-2), workers in the value chain (S2.2) and consumers and end-users (S4-2). c) Identifying and ESRS 2 SBM-3 The items concerning the identification and assessment of negative assessing adverse impacts are available in Sections 4.1.9 “Double materiality analysis and impacts financial impact”, 4.2.1.1 “Impacts, risks and opportunities related to environmental and climate issues”, 4.2.1.3 “Risks associated with environmental and climate issues”, 4.3.2.1 “Impacts related to social and human issues”, 4.3.2.2 “Risks related to social and human issues”, 4.3.9.1 “Impacts, risks and opportunities related to purchasing”, 4.3.12.3 “Risks related to consumers and end-users”. The items are also available in the following sections of the Duty of Care Plan: 4.6.2 “Risk identification and methodology”, 4.6.2.3 “Risks monitored in terms of human rights and fundamental freedoms”, 4.6.4 “Health risks and personal safety risks monitored”, 4.6.5 “Climate and environmental risks monitored”. See also Section 2.1 “Main risk factors”. d) Actions undertaken to ESRS 2 MDR-A The actions undertaken to counter the negative impacts are described in counter adverse Section 4.1.10 “Multi-year CSR strategy” as well as in the topical ESRS impacts related to Climate (E1-3) and social issues. e) Measure the ESRS 2 MDR-M The items aiming to measure the effectiveness of the actions and to effectiveness of ESRS 2 MDR-T communicate are available in Sections 4.1.10 “Multi-year CSR strategy”, actions and as well as in the topical ESRS on Climate (E1-4) and social issues (S1-5), communicate (S1-9), (S1-12), (S1-13), (S1-14), (S1-15), (S1-16). Information is also available in Section 4.1.6 of the Duty of Care Plan “System in place for the application and monitoring of the Duty of Care Plan”. 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 165 4. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION / Simplified cross-reference table of the ESRS disclosure requirements with the chapters and sections of the URD [ESRS 2 IRO-2-56, ESRS 2 IRO-2-59] 12 Standards & Topics (ESRS) Materiality Sections of Chapter 4 and other Chapters of the document ESRS 1 and ESRS 2 - Requirements and General Information BP-1: Preparation 4.1.1 General basis for preparation & 4.1.2 CSR Reporting methodology and process SBM-1: Strategy, business model 4.1.7 Strategy and business model - See also Introduction & Chap. 1 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders 4.1.8 Stakeholder consultation SBM-3: Impacts, risks and opportunities in line with the 4.1.5 ESG risk management and mapping company’s strategy IRO-1: IRO identification process 4.1.9 Double materiality analysis: matrix & table IRO-2: ESRS covered in the sustainability report Present table & 4.1.1 List of non-material ESRS GOV-1: The role of the administrative, management and 3.1.1 Organization of governance supervisory bodies 3.1.2 Composition of the Board of Directors GOV-2: Information sent to the Company’s 3.1.3 Operation of the Board of Directors administrative, management and supervisory bodies and the sustainability issues handled by these bodies 3.1.4 Composition and activities of the Board of Directors’ GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related Committees performance in incentive schemes 3.1.3.3 Missions and activities of the Board of Directors GOV-4: Statement on due diligence GOV-5: Risk management and internal controls over 3.2 Compensation of executive corporate officers sustainability reporting 4.1.11 Statement on due diligence 4.1.5 ESG risk management and mapping & 4.1.6 Sustainability- related internal controls 3.1.3.3 Missions and activities of the Board of Directors 3.1.4.1 Audit and Financial Risks Committee 3.1.4.4 Strategic, Environmental and Social Committee 2.2.3.4 Process of preparing the extra-financial information ESRS E1 - Climate Material 4.2.1.1 Impacts, Risks and Opportunities related to environmental E1-1: Transition plan and climate issues E1-2: Policies related to climate change mitigation and 4.2.3 Transition plan adaptation 4.2.2 Reducing impacts with the Net Zero Climate Policy E1-3: Actions and resources related to the policies E1-4: Targets 4.2.2 Reducing impacts E1-5: Energy consumption and energy mix 4.2.4 GHG emissions reduction E1-6: GHG emissions (Scopes. 1 + 2 + 3) 4.2.1 See Decarbonization targets and levers table E1-7: GHG removals and carbon credits 4.2.4 Energy consumed and increase in RE E1-8: Internal carbon pricing scheme 4.2.4 See GHG emissions table E1-9: Anticipated financial effects 4.2.5 Reduction and offsetting actions 4.2.1.3 See Internal carbon price (ICF) ESRS E2 - Pollution Non- material* ESRS E3 - Water & Marine Resources Non- Water consumption material* ESRS E4 - Biodiversity and Ecosystems Non- Analysis of impacts on biodiversity material* ESRS E5 - Resource Use & Circular Economy Material ESRS Partially covered E5-1: Policies related to resource use and circular economy 4.2.9.2 Groupe policies E5-2: Actions E5-3: Targets 4.2.9.3 Waste management DR (&AR) not covered – It will be in 2025 166 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION 12 Standards & Topics (ESRS) Materiality Sections of Chapter 4 and other Chapters of the document ESRS S1 - Own workforce Material S1-1: Own workforce policy 4.3.3 Key points of the social and human resources (HR) policy S1-2: Dialogue with employees and their representatives 4.3.7.3 Promoting social dialogue S1-3: Impact repair and channels for raising concerns 4.3.3 See Whistleblowing system for employees S1-4: Material impacts, risks and opportunities S1-5: Targets 4.3.2 Impacts, risks and opportunities (IRO) S1-6: Employee characteristics 4.3.3 HR Policy & 4.3.4 Impact & Equity Policy S1-7: Non-employee characteristics 4.3.2.4 Employee characteristics - Demographic metrics S1-8: Coverage of collective bargaining and social 4.3.2.4 See Non-employee characteristics dialogue 4.3.7.3 See Collective bargaining and social dialogue coverage S1-9: Diversity tables S1-10: Adequate wages 4.3.4 Impact & Equity Policy S1-11: Social protection 4.3.8.1 Rewarding and sharing value S1-12: Persons with disabilities 4.3.6.2 Health coverage S1-13: Training 4.3.4.1 See point 8) Persons with disabilities S1-14: Health & Safety 4.3.5 Developing skills S1-15: Work-life balance 4.3.6.2 Health and Safety S1-16: Compensation 4.3.6.5 Work-life balance S1-17: Human rights cases and complaints 4.3.8 Rewarding and sharing value 4.3.7.4 See Table & 4.4.2.1 Centralized whistleblowing system ESRS S2 - Workers in the value chain Material S2-1: Policies related to workers in the value chain S2-2: Dialogue process with workers in the value chain 4.3.9.2 Procurement Policy CSR for Business Guidelines 4 S2-3: Adverse impacts remediation process 4.3.9.3 Actions taken in favor of supply chain employees S2-4: Actions concerning material impacts S2-5: Targets for the management of material adverse 4.3.9.3 See whistleblowing system impacts, management of material risks and DR (& AR) for which current data are partial – It will be covered opportunities in 2025 4.3.9.2 Procurement Policy CSR for Business Guidelines & 4.3.10.2 Due diligence & 4.3.11.3 Enhanced ESG Program ESRS S3 - Affected communities Non- S3-1, S3-2, S3-3, S3-4, S3-5 material* Create & Impact, policy and actions in favor of communities ESRS S4 - Consumers and end-users Material S4-1: Policies related to consumers & end-users 3.1.1.6 Code of Conduct and Ethics & 4.4.2 Janus, ethical principles S4-2: Dialogue process 4.3.12.6 Dialogue with consumers S4-3: Adverse impacts remediation process and 4.3.12.6 Consumer and end-user dialogue policy & 4.3.12.7 See channels to raise concerns Whistleblowing system S4-4: Actions to manage material risks and 4.3.13.1 Applying ethical principles in all business lines opportunities S4-5: Targets DR (&AR) not covered ESRS G1 - Business conduct Material G1-1: Policies related to business conduct 3.1.1.6 Janus Code of Conduct and Ethics G1-2: Management of relationships with suppliers 4.3.9.2 Procurement Policy CSR for Business Guidelines G1-3: Prevention and detection of corruption and 4.4.3 Anti-Corruption Plan bribery G1-4: Incidents of corruption or bribery 4.4.2.1 Centralized whistleblowing system See Table G1-5: Political influence and lobbying 4.4.3.8 Lobbying practices G1-6: Payment practices 4.3.9.2 See Supplier payment rules 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT • PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 167 4. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT ENVIRONMENT: FIGHT AGAINST CLIMATE CHANGE 4.2 ENVIRONMENT: FIGHT AGAINST CLIMATE CHANGE ESRS E1 CLIMATE Publicis Groupe has voluntarily chosen to follow the recommendations of the TCFD (Task Force on Climate- related Financial Disclosure) now integrated into the ISSB; 4.2.1 The Groupe’s climate the environmental policy is based on the recommended principles – governance, strategy, risk management, key commitments [ESRS E1-1-14] metrics and targets – in order to allow a clearer understanding of the targets and resources implemented. Publicis Groupe was the first communication group to Additional information can be found on the Groupe’s support and promote the Ten Principles of the United website, in the CSR section, where public responses to Nations Global Compact in 2003. The Company confirmed external questionnaires such as the one issued by the CDP its climate commitments by joining the United Nations Climate Change can be found. “Caring for Climate” advocacy. The first climate targets were backed by the so-called “20-20-20” European Climate- Publicis Groupe also participates in other tra
