. RISK FACTORS Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the material risks and uncertainties described below. The matters described below are not the only risks and uncertainties facing our company, and risks and uncertainties not known to us or not described below also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows can be negatively affected, the value of securities we have issued could be adversely affected, resulting in stockholders and purchasers losing part or all of their investment, and we may not be able to achieve our strategic initiatives or expectations. This Annual Report also includes statements reflecting assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events that are intended as forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should be read in conjunction with the section entitled Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements and Information. Summary RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of some of the material risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Risks Related to Operating Our Business Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. A variety of issues could affect the timing or profitability of our projects, and could result in, among other things, project termination or payment of liquidated damages. Our business is subject to operational hazards (e.g., wildfires, explosions) that can result in significant liabilities, and we may not be insured against all potential liabilities. Insurance and claims expenses, as well as the unavailability or cancellation of third-party insurance coverage, could have a material adverse effect on us. Our business and operating results are subject to physical risks associated with changes in climate. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or we may incur significant costs if we are unable to efficiently manage our workforce. A loss of business from certain significant customers could have a material effect on our business. Changes in estimates related to revenues and costs under customer contracts could result in a reduction or elimination of revenues or profits and the recognition of losses. We may fail to adequately recover on contract change orders or claims against customers. We are subject to lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings, as well as project surety claims. We may be unsuccessful in generating internal growth. 15 Many of our contracts may be canceled or suspended on short notice or may not be renewed or replaced. The nature of our business exposes us to warranty, engineering and other related claims. We can incur liabilities or suffer negative financial or reputational impacts due to health and safety matters. Disruptions or failure to adequately protect our information technology systems could materially affect our business and reputation. A deterioration of our reputation or brands could have an adverse impact on our business. Our financial results are based on estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual results. Our inability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy may adversely impact our growth. Our management structure could be inadequate to support our business as it expands and becomes more complex. The loss of, or our inability to attract or keep, key personnel could disrupt our business. Our investments, including our joint ventures, expose us to risks and may result in conflicts of interest. We are subject to credit and investment risk with respect to our customers and projects. Risks associated with operating in international markets and U.S. territories could harm our business and prospects. Our business is subject to the availability of suppliers, subcontractors and equipment manufacturers. A lack of availability or an increase in the price of fuel, materials or equipment could adversely affect our business or our customers. Scrutiny and expectations with respect to corporate sustainability practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to reputational or other risks. Risks Related to Our Industries Negative macroeconomic conditions and industry-specific economic and market conditions can adversely impact our business. Our revenues and profitability can be negatively impacted if customers encounter financial difficulties or disputes arise with our customers. Our business is highly competitive and competitive pressures could negatively impact our business. Technological advancements and other market conditions could negatively affect our business. Risks Related to Regulation and Compliance Regulatory requirements applicable to our business and potential changes related to those requirements may adversely affect our business. Our unionized workforce and related obligations may adversely affect our operations. We could be adversely affected by failure to comply with laws applicable to our foreign activities. Our failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could result in significant liabilities and costs. Certain specific regulatory requirements are applicable to us and certain of our subsidiaries, which could materially impact our business. Changes in tax laws could adversely affect our financial results. Opportunities for government contracts or projects could subject us to increased regulation and costs and may pose additional risks relating to funding and compliance. Immigration laws, including inability to verify employment and restrictions on movement, could adversely impact our business. Risk Related to Financing Our Business We may not have access to sufficient funding to finance desired growth and operations. We have a significant amount of debt that can negatively impact our business. We may not have sufficient cash flow to service our debt. Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk. We may be unable to compete for projects if we cannot obtain surety bonds, letters of credit or bank guarantees. A downgrade in our debt rating could restrict our ability to access capital markets. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Our sale or issuance of additional common stock or other equity securities could be dilutive to each stockholder s ownership interest or affect the market price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that we will declare or pay future dividends on our common stock. Certain provisions of our governing documents could make an acquisition of Quanta more difficult. Risks Related to Operating Our Business Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Certain industries in which we operate can be cyclical and our business is subject to seasonality and other factors that can result in significantly different operating results from quarter to quarter, and therefore our results in any particular quarter may 16 not be indicative of future results. Our quarterly results have been and may in the future be materially and/or adversely affected by, among other things: the timing and volume of work we perform and our performance with respect to ongoing projects and services, including as a result of fluctuations in the amount of work customers assign to us under our agreements (e.g., MSAs), delays and reductions in scope of projects, and project and agreement terminations, expirations or cancellations; increases in project costs that result from, among other things, natural disasters and emergencies, adverse weather conditions or events, legal challenges, permitting, regulatory or environmental processes, tariffs, or inaccurate project cost estimates; variations in the size, scope, costs and operating income margins of ongoing projects, as well as the mix of our customers, contracts and business; fluctuations in economic, political, financial, industry and market conditions on a regional, national or global basis, including as a result of, among other things, inflationary pressure that impacts our costs associated with labor, equipment and materials; increased interest rates; default or threat of default by the U.S. federal government with respect to its debt obligations; U.S. government shutdowns; natural disasters and other emergencies (e.g., wildfires, weather-related events, pandemics); deterioration of global or specific trade relationships; or geopolitical conflicts and political unrest; pricing pressures as a result of competition; changes in the budgetary spending patterns or strategic plans of customers or governmental entities; supply chain and other logistical difficulties, as well as sourcing restrictions on materials necessary for the services we provide; liabilities and costs incurred in our operations that are not covered by, or that are in excess of, our third-party insurance or indemnification rights, including significant liabilities that arise from the inherently hazardous conditions of our operations (e.g., explosions, fires) and the operations of our subcontractors, and which could be exacerbated by the geographies in which we operate; disputes with customers or delays and payment risk relating to billing and payment under our contracts and change orders, including as a result of customers that encounter financial difficulties, are insolvent or have filed for bankruptcy protection; the resolution of, or unexpected or increased costs associated with, pending or threatened legal proceedings, indemnity obligations, multiemployer pension plan obligations (e.g., withdrawal liability) or other claims; restructuring, severance and other costs associated with, among other things, winding down certain operations and exiting markets; estimates and assumptions in determining our financial results, remaining performance obligations and backlog, including the timing and significance of impairments of long-lived assets, equity or other investments, receivables, goodwill or other intangible assets; significant fluctuations in foreign currency rates; the recognition of tax impacts related to changes in tax laws or uncertain tax positions; and the timing and magnitude of costs we incur to support our operations or growth internally or through acquisitions. A variety of issues could affect the timing or profitability of our projects, which may result in additional costs to us, reductions or delays in revenues, the payment of liquidated damages or project termination. Our business is dependent in part upon projects that can be cyclical in nature and are subject to risks of delay or cancellation. The timing of or failure to obtain contracts, delays in awards of, start dates for or completion of projects and the cancellations of projects can result in significant periodic fluctuations in our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Many of our projects involve complex design, engineering, financing, permitting, right of way acquisition, procurement and construction phases that occur over extended time periods, sometimes several years, and we have encountered and may in the future encounter project delays, additional costs or project performance issues as a result of, among other things: inability to meet project schedule requirements or achieve guaranteed performance or quality standards for a project, which can result in increased costs, through rework, replacement or otherwise, or the payment of liquidated damages to the customer or contract termination; 17 failure to accurately estimate project costs or accurately establish the scope of our services; failure to make judgments in accordance with applicable professional standards (e.g., engineering standards); unforeseen circumstances or project modifications not included in our cost estimates or covered by our contract for which we cannot obtain adequate compensation, including concealed or unknown environmental, geological or geographical site conditions or technical problems such as design or engineering issues; changes in laws or permitting and regulatory requirements during the course of our work; delays in the delivery or management of design or engineering information, equipment or materials; our or a customer s failure to manage a project, including the inability to timely obtain land, permits or rights of way or meet other permitting, regulatory or environmental requirements or conditions; changes to project or customer schedules; natural disasters or emergencies, including wildfires and earthquakes, as well as significant weather events (e.g., hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes, floods, droughts, blizzards and extreme temperatures) and adverse or unseasonable weather conditions (e.g., prolonged rainfall or snowfall, early thaw in Canada and the northern United States); difficult terrain and site conditions where delivery of materials and availability of labor are impacted or where there is exposure to harsh and hazardous conditions; protests and other public activism, legal challenges or other political activity or opposition to our operations or projects or those of our joint ventures; other factors such as terrorism, geopolitical conflicts, public health crises (e.g. pandemics) and delays attributable to U.S. government shutdowns or any related under-staffing of government departments or agencies; changes in the cost, availability, lead times or quality of equipment, commodities, materials, consumables or labor; and delay or failure to perform by suppliers, subcontractors or other third parties, or our failure to coordinate performance of such parties, as approximately 20% of our work is subcontracted to other service providers. Many of these difficulties and delays are beyond our control and can negatively impact our ability to complete the project in accordance with the required delivery schedule or achieve our anticipated operating income margin on the project. Delays and additional costs associated with delays may be substantial and not recoverable from third parties, and in some cases, we may be required to compensate the customer for such delays, including in circumstances where we have guaranteed project completion or performance by a scheduled date and incur liquidated damages if we do not meet such schedule. We also generate a significant portion of our revenues under fixed price contracts, including contracts for large projects and/or projects where we provide EPC services (e.g., large electric transmission and substation projects, power generation projects, data center facility projects). We have strategically expanded these service offerings in recent years, including with respect to power generation projects, and the size and scope of these projects continues to increase. The contracts for these projects often involve complex pricing, scope of services and other bid preparation components that require challenging estimates and assumptions on the part of our personnel, which increases the risk that costs incurred on such projects can vary, sometimes substantially, from our original estimates. Performance difficulties can result in project delays, project cancellations and damage to our relationship with customers, as well as damage to our reputation, which can be exacerbated when the difficulties arise on a high-profile project. As a result, additional costs or penalties, a reduction in our productivity or efficiency or a project termination in any given period can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and can also adversely affect our ability to secure new contracts. Our business is subject to operational hazards, including, among others, wildfires and explosions, that can result in significant liabilities, and we may not be insured against all potential liabilities. Due to the nature of our services and certain of our product solutions, as well as the conditions in which we and our customers operate, our business is subject to operational hazards and accidents that can result in significant liabilities. These operational hazards include, among other things, electricity, fires, explosions, leaks, collisions, mechanical failures, and damage from severe weather conditions and natural disasters. Furthermore, certain operational hazards have become more widespread in recent years due to changes in climate and other factors, and certain of our customers operate energy- and communications-related infrastructure assets in locations and environments that increase the likelihood and/or severity of these operational hazards. 18 In particular, locations throughout our primary operating regions, including but not limited to, the United States, Canada and Australia, have recently experienced and are increasingly impacted by wildfires, including locations that have not historically experienced wildfire events but that are becoming more susceptible to wildfire events due to changes in climate. Our customers operate electrical power, natural gas, communications and other infrastructure assets in these areas, which in turn has exposed us and other contractors to increased risk of liability in connection with our operations, as these wildfire events can be started by electrical power and other infrastructure on which we have performed services, including inspection, consulting, construction, upgrade, repair and maintenance and other services. For example, certain of our customers have been determined to be or are potentially responsible for certain catastrophic wildfire events in the western United States due to failure of their infrastructure, and certain of these wildfire events remain under investigation. From time to time, Quanta operating companies have received tenders of defense, demands for preservation of documents and indemnity and subpoenas during the course of investigations and reviews of wildfire events, which can often extend over a prolonged period of time, and additional claims or legal proceedings involving Quanta and its operating companies related to wildfire events may be brought in the future. We also often perform services in locations that are densely populated and that have higher value property and assets, such as California and metropolitan areas, which can increase the impact of any of these hazards or other accidents. For example, one of our larger operating companies specializes in underground gas and electric distribution and transmission services and operates in metropolitan areas throughout the northeastern United States, including New York City, New York . Additionally, we operate a significant number of helicopters in the performance of our services, including the transportation of line workers, the setting of poles, the stringing of wires and wildfire control and prevention, among other activities, including in locations that have a higher risk of wildfires and in densely populated areas. Our operation of helicopters is subject to various risks, such as crashes, collisions, fires, adverse weather conditions or mechanical failures. We also perform site-work services and railroad construction services, as well as services on natural gas systems, pipelines, refineries, petrochemical plants and other infrastructure assets, and failure of or accidents with respect to work we perform on any of these types of assets could result in significant claims or liabilities. We also manufacture certain products, including power transformers and mobile energy storage systems, and a failure of one of our products could also lead to similar operational hazards (e.g., explosions or mechanical failures). Events arising from operational hazards and accidents have resulted in significant liabilities to us in the past and may expose us to significant claims and liabilities in the future. These claims and liabilities can arise through indemnification obligations to customers, our negligence, negligence by our subcontractors or otherwise, and such claims and liabilities can arise even if our operations are not the cause of the harm. Our exposure to liability can also extend for years after we complete our services, and potential claims and liabilities arising from significant accidents and events can take years and significant legal costs to resolve. Potential liabilities include, among other things, claims associated with personal injury, including severe injury or loss of life, and destruction of or significant damage to property and equipment (with respect to both our customers and other third parties), as well as harm to the environment, and other claims discussed above and can lead to suspension of operations, adverse effects to our safety record and reputation and/or material liabilities and legal costs. In addition, if any of these events or losses related thereto are alleged or found to be the result of our or our customer s activities or services, we could be subject to government enforcement actions, civil or criminal penalties, civil litigation and governmental actions, including investigations, citations, fines and suspension of operations. Insurance coverage may not be available to us or may be insufficient to cover the cost of any of these liabilities and legal costs, and our insurance costs may increase if we incur liabilities associated with operational hazards. If we are not fully insured or indemnified against such liabilities and legal costs or a counterparty fails to meet its indemnification obligations to us, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, to the extent our reputation or safety record is adversely affected, demand for our services could decline or we may not be able to bid for certain work. Insurance and claims expenses, as well as the unavailability or cancellation of third-party insurance coverage, could have a material adverse effect on us. As part of our overall risk management strategy, we self-insure, or insure through our wholly-owned captive insurance company, a significant portion of our claims exposure, including all amounts up to the applicable deductible of our third-party insurance programs and certain additional amounts related to the general and auto liability programs. We are also responsible for our legal expenses relating to such claims, which can be significant both on an aggregate and individual claim basis. As a supplement to our self-insurance program, we maintain insurance with excess insurance carriers for potential losses, which exceed the amounts we self-insure or insure through our wholly-owned captive insurance company, arising out of our business and operations, and such insurance is subject to high deductibles. We renew our third-party insurance policies on an annual basis, and therefore deductibles and levels of coverage offered may change in future periods, and there is no assurance that any of our coverages will be renewed at their current levels or at all or that any future coverage will be available at reasonable and competitive rates. In connection with such renewals, we evaluate the level of insurance coverage and adjust insurance levels 19 based on risk tolerance, risk volatility, and premium expense. Our insurance coverages may not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances or against all claims and liabilities asserted against us, and if we are not fully insured against such claims and liabilities, our business, financial condition. results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. For example, due to the increased occurrence and future risk of wildfires, as described above, insurers have reduced coverage availability and increased the cost of insurance coverage for such events in recent years. As a result, Quanta s current level of insurance coverage for wildfire events may not be sufficient to cover potential losses in connection with these events. For more information see Risk Management and Insurance in Item 1. Business in Part I of this Annual Report Further, there has been a wave of blockbuster, or so-called nuclear verdicts resulting from liabilities arising out of vehicle and other accidents in recent years. Given this current claims environment, the amount of coverage available from excess insurance carriers is decreasing, and the premiums for this excess coverage are increasing significantly. For the foregoing reasons, our insurance and claims expenses may increase, or we could increase our self-insured retention as policies are renewed or replaced. In addition, we may assume additional risk within our captive insurance company that we may or may not reinsure. Although we reserve for anticipated losses and expenses and periodically evaluate and adjust our claims reserves to reflect our experience, estimating the number and severity of claims, as well as related costs to settle or resolve them, is inherently difficult and subject to a high degree of variability, and such costs could exceed our estimates. Accordingly, our actual losses associated with insured claims may differ materially from our estimates and materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations in material amounts. Our business and operating results are subject to physical risks associated with changes in climate. Changes in climate have caused, and are expected to continue to cause, among other things, changes to meteorological and hydrological patterns, as well as impacts to the frequency and intensity of wildfires, hurricanes, floods, droughts, extreme heat, other storms and severe weather-related events and natural disasters. These changes have and may in the future impact our future operating results and may have a long-term impact on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows. While we seek to mitigate these risks, we recognize that certain risks are inherent given how and where we conduct our operations. For example, catastrophic natural disasters can negatively impact projects we are working on, our facilities and other physical locations, portions of our equipment, or the locations and service regions of our customers. Accordingly, a natural disaster has the potential to disrupt our and our customers businesses and may cause us to experience work stoppages, project delays, financial losses and additional costs to resume operations, including increased insurance costs or loss of coverage, legal liability and reputational losses, and we expect that increasing physical climate-related impacts may result in further changes to the cost or availability of insurance in the future. Physical risks associated with changes in climate have also increased hazards associated with certain of our operations, which in turn has increased the potential for liability and increased the costs associated with such operations. For example, as discussed above, severe drought and high wind speeds have significantly increased the risk of wildfires throughout the areas where we operate, which in turn has exposed us and other contractors to increased risk of liability in connection with our operations in those locations, as these events can be started by electrical power and other infrastructure on which we have performed services. Given the potentially significant liabilities associated with these events, to the extent we are deemed liable for a wildfire event, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, these climate conditions have also resulted in increased costs for wildfire-related third-party insurance and reduced the amount insurance carriers are willing to make available to us under such policies. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or we may incur significant costs in the event we are unable to efficiently manage our workforce or the cost of labor increases. Our ability to efficiently manage our business and achieve our strategic initiatives is limited by our ability to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled personnel, which is subject to a number of risks. The demand for labor resources has continued to increase in response to the increasing duration and complexity of customer capital budgets, the commencement of new, large-scale infrastructure projects, increased demand for infrastructure improvements and reliability and increased pressure to reduce costs. The pool of skilled workers in certain of our industries has also been reduced, and may be further reduced, due primarily to an aging utility workforce and longer-term labor availability issues, including with respect to experienced program managers and qualified journeyman linemen available for our Electric segment and experienced supervisors and foremen for our Underground and Infrastructure segment. The cyclical nature of certain of the industries in which we operate can also create shortages of qualified labor during periods of high demand and production, and the amount of travel required for project management-level positions can impact the number of potential candidates that decide to enter our industries. A shortage in the supply of personnel creates competitive hiring markets that may result in increased labor expenses, and we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant education and training expenses in order to recruit and train employees. The uncertainty of contract award timing and project delays can also present difficulties in managing our workforce size. Additionally, we may not be able to attract and retain the necessary skilled personnel for our expanding product and 20 service offerings. Our inability to efficiently manage our workforce may require us to incur costs resulting from excess staff, reductions in staff, or redundancies that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, the inflationary pressure in the United States and our other markets has increased our labor costs. Under certain of our contracts, labor costs are passed through to customers, and the portion of our workforce that is represented by labor unions typically operates under multi-year collective bargaining agreements that provide some visibility into future labor costs. However, the costs related to a significant amount of our workforce are subject to market conditions, and therefore inflationary pressure could increase our labor costs with respect to those employees. Increased labor costs can also impact our customers decision-making with respect to viability or timing of certain projects, which could result in project delays or cancellations and in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The loss of, or reduction in business from, certain significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. A few customers have in the past and may in the future account for a significant portion of our revenues. For example, our ten largest customers accounted for 30% of our consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. Although we have long-standing relationships with many of our significant customers, a significant customer may unilaterally reduce or discontinue business with us at any time or merge or be acquired by a company that decides to reduce or discontinue business with us. A significant customer may also encounter financial constraints, based on cost of capital or other reasons, file for bankruptcy protection or cease operations, any of which could also result in reduced or discontinued business with us. The loss of business from a significant customer could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes in estimates related to revenues and costs associated with our contracts with customers could result in a reduction or elimination of revenues, a reduction of profits or the recognition of losses. For fixed price contracts and certain unit-price contracts, we recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied over time and earnings or losses recognized on individual contracts are based on estimates of contract revenues, costs and profitability, as discussed in further detail in Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II of this Annual Report. Changes in contract estimates are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions to the estimates are made, and contract losses are recognized in full when losses are determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. Variable consideration amounts, including performance incentives, early pay discounts and penalties, may also cause changes in contract estimates. In addition, we recognize amounts associated with change orders and/or claims as revenue when it is probable that the contract price will be adjusted and the amount of any such adjustment can be reasonably estimated. Actual amounts collected in connection with change orders and claims can differ from estimated amounts. Consequently, the timing for recognition of revenues and profit or loss and any subsequent changes in estimates is uncertain and could result in a reduction or an elimination of previously reported revenues or profits or the recognition of losses on the associated contract. Any such adjustments could be significant and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may fail to adequately recover on contract change orders or claims brought by us against customers. We have in the past brought, and may in the future bring, claims against our customers. For example, as of December 31, 2025, the amount recognized related to unapproved change orders and claims was $983.6 million, which is discussed further in Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II of this Annual Report. These types of claims occur due to, among other things, impacts to projects as a result of factors not within the control of Quanta, such as natural disasters, significant weather events and public health events (e.g., pandemics), delays caused by customers and third parties and changes in project scope, which can result in additional costs that may not be recovered until the claim is resolved. While we generally negotiate with the customer for additional compensation, we may be unable to obtain, through negotiation, arbitration, litigation or otherwise, adequate amounts to compensate us for the additional work or expenses incurred. Litigation, arbitration or government approval (if needed) with respect to these matters is generally lengthy and costly, involves significant uncertainty as to timing and amount of any resolution, and can adversely affect our relationship with existing or potential customers. Furthermore, we can be required to invest significant working capital to fund cost overruns while the resolution of a claim is pending. Failure to obtain adequate and prompt compensation for these matters can result in a reduction of revenues and gross profit recognized in prior periods or the recognition of a loss. Any such reduction or loss can be substantial and can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 21 During the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings, as well as bonding claims and related reimbursement requirements. We have in the past been, and may in the future be, named as a defendant in lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. These actions seek, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury (including claims for loss of life), workers compensation, employment discrimination, sexual harassment, workplace misconduct, wage and hour claims and other employment-related damages, compensation for breach of contract, negligence or gross negligence or property damage, environmental liabilities, multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liabilities, punitive damages, consequential damages, and civil penalties or other losses or injunctive or declaratory relief, as well as interest and attorneys fees associated with such claims. Furthermore, given the growth that we have experienced, we have become a more attractive target for lawsuits by various third parties. In addition, we generally indemnify our customers for claims related to the services we provide and actions we take under our contracts, and, in some instances, we are allocated risk through our contract terms for actions by our customers, subcontractors or other third parties. Because our services in certain instances can be integral to the operation and performance of our customers infrastructure, we have been and may become subject to lawsuits or claims for any failure of the systems that we work on or damages caused by accidents and events related to such systems, even if our services are not the cause of such failures and damages. We could also be subject to civil and criminal liabilities, which could be material. Insurance coverage may not be available or may be insufficient for these lawsuits, claims or legal proceedings. The outcome of any allegations, lawsuits, claims or legal proceedings, as well as any public reaction thereto, is inherently uncertain and could result in significant costs, damage to our brands or reputation and diversion of management s attention from our business. Payments of significant amounts, even if reserved, could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, many customers, particularly in connection with new construction, require us to post performance and payment bonds. These bonds provide a guarantee that we will perform under the terms of a contract and pay our subcontractors and vendors. If we fail to perform, the customer may demand that the surety make payments or provide services under the bond, and we must reimburse the surety for any expenses or outlays it incurs. As of December 31, 2025, the total amount of our outstanding performance bonds was estimated to be approximately $14.9 billion. To the extent reimbursements are required, the amounts could be material and could adversely affect our consolidated business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We may be unsuccessful at generating internal growth, which could adversely affect our business. Many of the factors affecting our ability to generate internal growth are beyond our control, and we cannot be certain that our strategies for achieving internal growth will be successful. Our ability to generate internal growth will be affected by, among other factors, our ability to profitably scale the services we currently offer; expand our overall service offerings and product solutions; attract new customers; increase the number of projects we perform for existing customers; hire and retain qualified employees; and expand geographically within our current markets, as well as our ability to address regulatory, environmental and permitting requirements and economic or market conditions that affect us or our customers. Our inability to successfully generate internal growth may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Many of our contracts may be canceled or suspended on short notice or may not be renewed upon completion or expiration, and we may be unsuccessful in replacing our contracts, which could adversely affect our business. Our customers have in the past and may in the future cancel, delay or reduce the number or size of projects available to us for a variety of reasons, including capital constraints or inability to meet regulatory requirements. Furthermore, many of our customers may cancel or suspend our contracts on short notice even if we are not in default under the contract. Certain of our customers assign work to us on a project-by-project basis under MSAs. Under these agreements, our customers generally have no obligation to assign a specific amount of work to us. Additionally, the in-house service organizations of our existing or prospective customers are capable of performing, or acquiring businesses that perform, the same types of services we provide, and these customers may also face pressure or be compelled by regulatory or other requirements to self-perform an increasing amount of the services we currently perform for them, thereby reducing the services they outsource to us in the future. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows can be negatively impacted if our customers cancel or suspend contracts having significant value, we fail to renew or replace a significant number of our existing contracts when they expire or are completed or the anticipated volume of work under an existing MSA is not assigned to us. The nature of our business exposes us to potential liability for warranty, engineering and other related claims. We typically provide contractual warranties for our services and materials, guaranteeing the work performed against, among other things, defects in workmanship, and we may agree to indemnify our customers for losses related to our services. The length of these warranty periods varies and can extend for several years, and certain projects can have longer warranty 22 periods and include facility performance warranties that are broader than the warranties we generally provide. Warranties generally require us to re-perform the services and/or repair or replace the warranted item and any other facilities impacted thereby, at our sole expense, and we could also be responsible for other damages if we are not able to adequately satisfy our warranty obligations. In addition, we can be required under contractual arrangements with our customers to warrant any defects or failures in materials we provide. While we generally require materials suppliers to provide us warranties that are consistent with those we provide customers, if any of these suppliers default on their warranty obligations to us, we may incur costs to repair or replace the defective materials. Furthermore, our business involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development, construction, operations and management of electric power, power generation, communications, underground utility, pipeline and other infrastructure. Because our projects are often technically complex, our failure to make judgments and recommendations in accordance with applicable professional standards, including engineering standards, could result in damages. A significantly adverse or catastrophic event at a project site or completed project resulting from the services we performed could result in significant professional or product liability, personal injury (including claims for loss of life) or property damage claims or other claims against us, as well as reputational harm. These liabilities could exceed our insurance limits or impact our ability to obtain third-party insurance in the future, and customers, subcontractors or suppliers who have agreed to indemnify us against any such liabilities or losses might refuse or be unable to pay us. As a result, warranty, engineering and other related claims could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, certain of our operating companies manufacture products sold to customers and other third parties, and we can be exposed to product liability and warranty claims if such products result in, or are alleged to result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or our products actually or allegedly fail to perform as expected. Furthermore, certain of our products are designed to support critical infrastructure and any failure of such products could result in significant product liability and warranty claims, as well as damage to our reputation in the marketplace. Our product development, manufacturing and testing may be inadequate to detect all defects, errors, failures and quality issues, which could impact customer satisfaction or result in claims against us. As a result, we may have, and from time to time have had, to replace certain components and/or provide remediation in response to the discovery of defects in our products, and the occurrence of any defect, error, failure or quality issue could result in cancellation of orders, product returns, damage to our reputation, diversion of our resources, lawsuits or claims by our customers or other third parties and other losses to us or to any of our customers or third parties, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We can incur liabilities or suffer negative financial or reputational impacts relating to health and safety matters. Our operations are inherently hazardous and subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to the maintenance of safe conditions in the workplace. While we have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial resources in our occupational health and safety programs, our industry involves a high degree of operational risk, and there can be no assurance that we will avoid significant liability exposure. Although we have taken precautions designed to mitigate this risk, we have suffered serious accidents, including fatalities, and we anticipate that our operations may result in additional serious accidents in the future. As a result of these events, we could be subject to substantial penalties, revocation of operating licenses, criminal prosecution or civil litigation, including claims for bodily injury or loss of life, that could result in substantial costs and liabilities. In addition, if our safety record were to substantially deteriorate or we were to suffer substantial penalties or criminal prosecution for violation of health and safety regulations, our customers could cancel our contracts and elect to procure future services from other providers. Unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover, increase the costs of projects for our clients, and raise our operating costs. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Disruptions to our information technology systems or our failure to adequately protect critical data, sensitive information and technology systems could materially affect our business and reputation. We rely on information technology systems to manage our operations and other business processes and to protect sensitive company information. We also collect and retain information about our customers, stockholders, vendors, employees, contractors, business partners and other parties, all of whom expect that we will adequately protect such information. We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems and confidential information as well as the systems and information of key third parties and information technology vendors upon whom we rely. Certain of our vendors have experienced cyber-attacks that exploited vulnerabilities in their systems and have resulted in disruptions to their systems. While these events have not resulted in any known material impacts to our systems, we expect such attacks will continue in the future. Furthermore, the infrastructure systems and facilities on which we work are strategic targets that are at greater risk of cyber-attacks or acts of terrorism than other targets. Additionally, an intrusion into the information systems of a business we acquire may also ultimately compromise our systems. Our operations are decentralized with operating companies maintaining some of their own information systems, data and service providers, including some of their own security controls and processes. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity 23 risk management program and processes, including policies, controls and procedures, designed to apply to our operating companies will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting all information systems and operations. Our security measures and technology to protect our and our clients confidential or proprietary company information may not be successful, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent all threats to our systems and information. Moreover, we have acquired and continue to acquire companies with cybersecurity vulnerabilities and/or unsophisticated security measures, which exposes us to significant cybersecurity, operational, and financial risks until they are fully integrated into our information systems. Additionally, the increased use of remote working arrangements by employees, vendors, and other third parties has increased the exposure to possible attacks, thereby increasing the risk of a data security compromise. We have experienced and addressed cyber-attacks, breaches and disruptions of our information systems, and systems of key third parties and information technology vendors that we rely upon, in the past, and we expect such events to continue to arise in the future. While to date we have not experienced any material impact as a result of these events, the ultimate impact of future and similar events remains unknown, and we expect additional vulnerabilities to arise. Cyber-attacks can result in compromises of our payment systems, monetary losses, inability to access or operate our systems (e.g., ransomware), delays in processing transactions or reporting financial results, the disclosure or misappropriation of confidential, personal or proprietary company information (including for the purpose of transacting in our stock), or the release of customer, stockholder, vendor or employee information. An attack could also cause material service disruptions to our internal systems or to our operating companies systems, or in extreme circumstances, infiltration into, damage to or loss of control of our customers energy infrastructure systems. Any such breach or disruption could subject us to material liabilities, cause damage to our reputation or customer relationships, or result in regulatory investigations or other actions by governmental authorities as well as litigation, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, we may incur substantial costs related to the investigation and reporting of any such breach or disruption. Additionally, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage information technology systems change frequently and are generally not identifiable until they are launched against a target, we are unable to anticipate all attacker techniques or to implement comprehensive preventative measures, particularly because threat actors are increasingly using tools, including artificial intelligence, that are designed to circumvent controls and evade detection. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of system disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches. In addition, as a contractor supporting government agencies with respect to certain projects, including the Department of Defense (DoD), we must adhere to regulatory cyber compliance requirements outlined in the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), and other federal mandates with respect to these projects. The DoD has also finalized the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) process and commenced in late 2025 the process of incorporating CMMC assessments in applicable procurements. Obligations that may be imposed on us under the CMMC may be different from or in addition to those otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations, which may cause additional expense for compliance. Failure to meet these various requirements, whether mandated by regulation or contract, could cause material harm to our business, financial condition and reputation. Any deterioration in the quality or reputation of our brands, which can be exacerbated by the effect of social media or significant media coverage, could have an adverse impact on our business. Our brands and our reputation are among our most important assets, and our ability to attract and retain customers depends on brand recognition and reputation. Such dependence makes our business susceptible to reputational damage and to competition from other companies. A variety of events could result in damage to our reputation or brands, some of which are outside of our control, including: acts or omissions that adversely affect our business such as a crime, scandal, cyber-related incident, litigation or other negative publicity; failure to successfully perform, or negative publicity related to, a high-profile project, including, among others, our joint venture in LUMA and large-scale infrastructure projects (i.e., electric transmission projects, renewable and other generation projects and data center and manufacturing facilities); actual or potential involvement in a catastrophic fire, explosion, aviation incident, mechanical failure of infrastructure or similar event; or actual or perceived responsibility for a serious accident or injury. Increased media coverage and interest in energy transition matters and our industries, along with the intensification of media coverage generally, including through the considerable expansion in the use of social media, have increased the volume and speed at which negative publicity arising from these events can be generated and spread, and we may be unable to timely respond to, correct any inaccuracies in, or adequately address negative perceptions arising from such media coverage. In 24 addition, negative publicity relating to certain projects may result in increased regulatory scrutiny, adverse rulings or regulatory actions. If the reputation or perceived quality of our brands decline or customers lose confidence in us, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be adversely affected. Our financial results, financial condition and other financial and operational disclosures are based upon estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual results or future outcomes. In preparing our consolidated financial statements and financial and operational disclosures, estimates and assumptions are used by management to report, among other things, assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are necessary because certain information utilized is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with a high degree of precision from available data or cannot be readily calculated based on generally accepted methodologies. In some cases, these estimates are particularly difficult to determine, and we must exercise significant judgment, and as a result actual results and future outcomes can differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, our remaining performance obligations and backlog are difficult to determine with certainty. Customers often have no obligation under our contracts to assign or release work to us, and many contracts may be terminated on short notice. Cancellation or reduction in scope of a contract can significantly reduce the revenues and profit we recognize. Consequently, our estimates of remaining performance obligations and backlog may not be accurate, and we may not be able to realize our estimated remaining performance obligations and backlog. Our results of operations and financial condition can also be adversely affected by impairments to goodwill, other intangible assets, and long-lived assets, the value of which is dependent upon certain estimates and assumptions. We record goodwill when we acquire a business, which must be tested at least annually for impairment. We have recorded impairments in the past, and any future impairments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations for the period in which the impairment is recognized. See Critical Accounting Estimates in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition in Part II of this Annual Report for further information about our critical accounting estimates. Our inability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy may have an adverse impact on our growth. Our business strategy includes expanding our presence in the industries we serve and adjacent industries through strategic acquisitions of companies that complement or enhance our business. The number of acquisition targets that meet our criteria may be limited. We may also face competition for acquisition opportunities, and other potential acquirers may offer more favorable terms or have greater financial resources available for potential acquisitions. This competition may further limit our acquisition opportunities or raise the prices of acquisitions and make them less accretive, or possibly not accretive, to us. Furthermore, the increased antitrust scrutiny of and compliance requirements for potential acquisitions, including by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and Department of Justice under the Hart-Scott Rodino Act, the Sherman Act, the Clayton Act (each as amended) or other applicable laws, could negatively impact the cost and timing of or our ability to complete certain potential acquisitions. Failure to consummate future acquisitions could negatively affect our growth strategies. Additionally, our past acquisitions have involved, and our future acquisitions may involve, significant cash expenditures and stock issuances, the incurrence or assumption of debt and other known and unknown liabilities and exposure to burdensome regulatory requirements. We may also discover previously unknown liabilities or, due to market conditions, be required pursuant to specific transaction terms to assume certain prior known liabilities associated with an acquired business, and we may have inadequate or no recourse under applicable indemnification provisions or representation and warranty insurance coverage (due to policy terms or lack of coverage at rates we believe are reasonable). Known liabilities may also change over time and become more severe than previously anticipated. As a result, past or future acquisitions may ultimately have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The success of our acquisition strategy also depends on our ability to successfully integrate the operations of the acquired businesses with our existing operations and realize the anticipated benefits from the acquired businesses, such as the expansion of our existing operations, expansion into new, complementary or adjacent business lines, elimination of redundant costs and capitalizing on cross-selling opportunities. Our ability to integrate and realize benefits can be negatively impacted by, among other things: failure of an acquired business to achieve the results we expect; diversion of our management s attention from operational and other matters or other potential disruptions to our existing business; difficulties incorporating the operations and personnel, or inability to retain key personnel, of an acquired business; the complexities and difficulties associated with managing our business as it grows and evolves; additional financial reporting and accounting challenges associated with an acquired business; 25 unanticipated events or liabilities associated with the operations of an acquired business; loss of business due to customer overlap or other factors; and risks and liabilities arising from the prior operations of an acquired business, such as performance, operational, safety, cybersecurity, environmental, workforce or other compliance or tax issues, some of which we may not have discovered or accurately estimated during our due diligence and may not be covered by indemnification obligations or insurance. We cannot be sure that we will be able to successfully complete the integration process without substantial costs, delays, disruptions or other operational or financial problems. Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, we also generally require that key management and former principals of the businesses we acquire agree to non-compete covenants in the purchase agreement or, as applicable, employment agreements. Enforceability of these non-competition agreements varies by jurisdiction and typically is dependent upon specific facts and circumstances, making it difficult to predict their enforceability. Therefore, if a member of the key management of the business we acquire is terminated, we might be subject to increased competition if the restrictive covenants entered into by such person are not enforceable or have expired, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our management structure could be inadequate to support our business as it expands and becomes more complex. We cannot be certain that our management structure will be adequate to support our business as it continues to expand and become more complex. Due to our continued growth, as well as the increasing complexity of our projects, operations and industries, we may encounter difficulties managing our business, including with respect to our and our operating companies ability to coordinate and execute business strategies, plans and tactics. Furthermore, as our operations grow and increase in complexity, we may lack timely access to information that could impact the quality of decision-making by management or our ability to react to problems affecting key business matters. Future growth could also impose significant additional responsibilities on members of our senior management, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to recruit, integrate and retain new senior-level managers and executives. To the extent that we are unable to manage our growth effectively or are unable to attract and retain additional qualified management, we may not be able to continue to expand our operations or execute our business plan. The loss of, or our inability to attract or keep, key personnel could disrupt our business. We depend on the continued efforts of our executive officers, senior corporate management, regional leadership and management of our operating companies, which includes leadership and key personnel of the businesses we acquire. Although we typically enter into employment agreements with our executive officers and other key employees for initial terms of one year and subsequent renewal options, we cannot be certain that any individual will continue in such capacity for any particular period of time. We also depend on our ability to attract key operational and professional personnel as we grow our business and in order to establish and maintain an effective succession planning process. A shortage of these employees for various reasons, including intense competition for skilled employees, labor shortages, increased labor costs and the preference of some candidates to work remotely, could jeopardize our ability to successfully manage our decentralized operations or our ability to grow and expand our business. As a result, the loss of key personnel, as well as our inability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees that can succeed these key personnel, could negatively impact our ability to manage our business. Our investments, including our joint ventures, expose us to risks and may result in conflicts of interest that could adversely impact our business or result in reputational harm. We have entered into strategic relationships, joint ventures and other investment arrangements with various partners, including customers and infrastructure investors, through which we have invested in infrastructure assets and businesses, and we expect this activity to continue in the future. Certain of these investments are described further in Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II of this Annual Report. These types of investments expose us to increased risks, including poor performance by the infrastructure projects or businesses in which we have invested due to, among other things, difficult market or economic conditions or slowdowns (which may occur across one or more industries, sectors or geographies), changes to the supply or demand and fluctuations in the price of commodities, or fluctuations in the market price of the equity securities we hold in a company. That negative performance could result in lower investment returns, a decline in value or total loss of our investments or the possible sale of our investments at values below our initial projections, including at a loss, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, our investments are often illiquid, as they are typically investments in private companies and/or subject to contractual restrictions that impose restrictions or lock-up periods affecting our ability to sell our interest, and as a result, we may not be able to exit an investment that is performing poorly, declining in value or resulting in reputational harm. Quanta may also be exposed to reputational harm based on poor or incomplete 26 performance of our investments or an investment fund in which we participate, or based on the actions or conduct of the entities in which we are invested or our partners in such investments, all of which may be outside of our control. Any such reputational harm could adversely affect our ability to secure certain future projects or participate in future investment opportunities. Further, our relationship with a customer or investor that partners with us in a poorly performing investment could become impaired, which may negatively impact our ability to continue providing services to that customer. Conflicts of interest may also exist or arise as a result of the structure of our investment arrangements. For example, in these structures, Quanta can be the contractor for construction of a project as well as an equity investor in an entity that owns, manages or operates the project or possibly the manager of investments in the project. In those instances, conflicts of interest can exist for such things as contractor pricing and the handling of contractor change orders and other claims. While certain of these conflicts of interest are governed by applicable laws and regulations and we have also taken certain actions that we believe minimize or address anticipated conflicts of interest, including through internal management practices and the terms of agreements governing the investment arrangement, failure to properly manage such conflicts of interest, or even the appearance of a potential conflict of interest, can expose us to liability or harm our relationships with investment partners, which could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows or cause reputational harm to Quanta. Additionally, the purpose of our joint ventures is typically to combine skills and resources to allow for the bidding and performance of particular projects, and the success of these projects can be adversely affected by the performance of our joint venture partners, over whom we may have little or no control. Differences in opinions or views between us and our joint venture partners may result in delayed decision-making or failure to agree on material issues that may adversely affect the business and operations of our joint ventures. We and our joint venture partners are also generally jointly and severally liable for all liabilities and obligations of a joint venture. If a joint venture partner fails to perform or is unable to satisfy required capital contributions or other obligations, including liabilities stemming from claims or lawsuits, we could be required to make additional investments, provide additional services or pay more than our proportionate share of a liability to make up for their shortfall. Further, if our partners experience cost overruns or project performance issues that we are unable to adequately address, the customer may terminate the project, which could result in legal liability to us, harm our reputation and reduce our profit or increase our loss on a project. As a result, the failure by a joint venture partner to successfully perform or comply with applicable laws, regulations or client requirements could negatively impact our business. We extend credit to customers for purchases of our services and enter into other arrangements with certain of our customers, which subjects us to potential credit or investment risk. We grant credit, generally without collateral, to our customers, which primarily include utilities, renewable energy developers, technology companies, communications providers, industrial companies and energy delivery companies located primarily in the United States, Canada and Australia. In certain circumstances, we also allow our customers to defer payment until certain project milestones have been met or until a project is substantially completed, and customers typically withhold some portion of amounts due to us as retainage until a project is complete. In addition, we have provided in the past and may provide in the future other forms of financing to our customers or make investments in our customers projects. These payment arrangements subject us to potential credit risk related to changes in business and economic factors affecting our customers, and certain of our customers have experienced financial difficulties (including bankruptcy) in recent years, which has impacted our ability to collect amounts owed to us. If we are unable to collect amounts owed, or retain amounts paid to us, our cash flows are reduced, and we could experience losses. Business and economic factors resulting in financial difficulties (including bankruptcy) for our customers can also reduce the value of any financing or equity investment arrangements we have with our customers, thereby increasing the risk of loss in those circumstances. Losses experienced as a result of these credit and investment risks could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks associated with operating in international markets and U.S. territories could harm our business and prospects. Our overall business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows can be negatively impacted by our activities and operations outside the continental United States, including our international operations and operations in U.S. territories. Although these operations are presently conducted primarily in Canada and Australia, we also perform work in other foreign countries and U.S. territories. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we derived $2.00 billion, or 7.0%, of our consolidated revenues from foreign operations, the substantial majority of which was related to Canada and Australia. Changes in economic conditions, including those resulting from wars and other geopolitical conflicts, civil unrest, public health crises, pandemics, acts of terrorism, or volatility in global markets, may adversely affect demand for our services and our customers ability to pay for our services. In addition, at times we are paid for work outside the United States in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Such payments are subject to fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates and may exceed our local currency needs, and, in certain instances, those amounts may be subject to temporary blocking, taxes or tariffs, and we may experience difficulties if we attempt to convert such amounts to U.S. dollars. Furthermore, to the extent the volume of services we provide internationally increases, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be further exposed to the effects of fluctuating exchange rates. 27 There are numerous other risks associated with operating in international markets and U.S. territories, including, but not limited to, changes in applicable regulatory requirements; political instability and interference; economic and social instability and civil unrest; unfamiliar legal systems or business and labor practices; changes in laws, rules or regulations or the interpretation or manner of enforcement of laws, rules and regulations; expropriation or nationalization of our assets and operations; and complex tax regulations and other laws and international treaties. For example, our joint venture LUMA is exposed to various of these risks operating in Puerto Rico. Furthermore, we have incurred, and may incur in the future, significant costs or liabilities associated with an unsuccessful attempt to enter a new market and we have entered, and may in the future enter, a new market that ultimately proves to be unprofitable or has an otherwise adverse effect on our business. We may also incur significant costs and liabilities associated with winding down or exiting an existing market. These risks could restrict our ability to provide services to customers, operate our business in these locations profitably or fund our strategic objectives, which could negatively impact our overall business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Limitations on the availability of suppliers, subcontractors and equipment manufacturers that we depend on could adversely affect our business. We rely on suppliers to obtain necessary materials and subcontractors to perform portions of our services, and our customers rely on suppliers for materials necessary for the construction, upgrade and repair and maintenance of their infrastructure. We also rely on equipment manufacturers to timely provide us with the equipment required to conduct our operations, including a significant number of specialty vehicles. Limitations on the availability of suppliers, subcontractors or equipment manufacturers could negatively impact our or our customers operations, particularly in the event we rely on a single or small number of providers. The risk of a lack of available suppliers, subcontractors or equipment manufacturers can be heightened as a result of market, regulatory or economic conditions. For example, customers in certain U.S. states and Canada, in order to receive certain funding or for other reasons, may expect or compel us to engage a specified percentage of services from suppliers or subcontractors that meet diversity-ownership requirements, which can further limit our pool of available suppliers and subcontractors and limit our ability to secure contracts, maintain our services or grow in those areas. Availability of suppliers and manufacturers may also be limited by U.S. trade and other foreign policies that restrict business relationships with certain suppliers and manufacturers, including tariffs, duties, taxes, assessments or other limitations on the availability or sourcing of materials or components for our projects. Additionally, successful completion of our contracts can depend on whether our subcontractors successfully fulfill their contractual obligations. If our subcontractors fail to perform their contractual obligations, fail to meet the expected completion dates or quality or safety standards or fail to comply with applicable laws, such shortcomings may subject us to claims or liabilities, including from customers and third parties, or we may be required to incur additional costs or provide additional services to mitigate such shortcomings. As a result, regulatory or other requirements that require us to outsource a percentage of services to subcontractors, whether they are businesses meeting diversity-ownership requirements or otherwise, also limit our ability to self-perform our services, thereby potentially increasing performance risk associated with our services. Furthermore, services subcontracted to other service providers generally yield lower margins, and therefore these regulatory requirements can impact our profitability and results of operations. There are also increasing expectations in various jurisdictions that companies monitor the environmental and social performance of their value chain, including compliance with a variety of labor practices, as well as consider a wider range of potential environmental and social matters. Compliance can be costly, require us to establish or augment programs to diligence or monitor our suppliers, or potentially design supply chains to avoid certain regions altogether. Failure to comply with such regulations can result in fines, contractual penalties, reputational damage, denial of import for materials for our projects, or otherwise adversely impact our business. A lack of availability or an increase in the price of fuel, materials or equipment necessary for our business or our customers projects could adversely affect our business. Pursuant to certain contracts, including fixed price and EPC contracts where we have assumed responsibility for procuring materials for a project, we may be exposed to availability issues and price increases for materials that are utilized in connection with our operations, including, among other things, copper, steel, aluminum, specialized project components (e.g., transformers, solar panels, breakers, turbines, batteries) and raw materials utilized for certain of our product solutions. In addition, the timing of our customers ongoing projects, as well as their capital budgets and decision-making with respect to the timing of the future projects, can be negatively impacted by a lack of availability or an increase in prices of these materials. Prices and availability could be materially impacted by, among other things, supply chain and other logistical challenges (including inability of manufacturers to timely meet demand), global trade relationships (e.g., tariffs, duties, taxes, assessments, sourcing restrictions) and other general market and geopolitical conditions (e.g., inflation, market volatility, increased interest rates and geopolitical conflicts). The lack of availability of necessary materials could result in project delays, some of which could be attributable to us, and an increase in prices of materials could reduce our profitability on projects or negatively impact our customers, which 28 could have an adverse effect on demand for our services or our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, in the past sourcing restrictions on critical components for our customers projects (e.g., solar panels) have resulted in supply chain and logis
