. RISK FACTORS RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Any of the following risks, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, beyond our control or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Based on current information, we believe that the following identifies the most significant risks that could affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Risks Related to Our Business Our results are affected by competitive conditions and customer preferences. We operate in a highly competitive, global industry. Some of our competitors may have better-established customer relationships than we do, which may enable them to have their products specified for use more frequently and more quickly by these customers. Further, customers continually evaluate the benefits of internal manufacturing versus outsourcing, and a customer s decision to internally manufacture products that we provide may negatively impact us. If we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward pressure on prices, fewer customer orders, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities and a loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Further, we expect that existing and new competitors will improve their products and introduce new products with enhanced performance characteristics. The introduction of new products, more efficient production of existing products, or products sold at a lower cost by competitors could diminish our market share and increase pricing pressure on our products. Our competitors include companies outside of the U.S., including companies in countries where foreign governments seek to build a domestic-centric semiconductor ecosystem. From time to time, governments around the world may provide incentives or make other investments that could benefit and give competitive advantages to our competitors. Government incentives may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If our competitors can benefit from such government incentives and we cannot, it could strengthen our competitors relative position and have a material adverse effect on our business. We expect the demand for product offerings that align with sustainability goals (in areas such as substances of concern, circular economy, waste, water, nature/biodiversity, responsible procurement, human rights) to continue to increase, driven by end-user and customer demand, investor preference and government legislative and market-responsive product-specific actions. Failure to timely react to these trends and manage our product portfolio and innovation activities responsively could decrease the competitiveness of our products and result in the de-selection of us as a partner of choice. Fluctuations in the demand for semiconductors and the overall volume of semiconductor manufacturing may decrease demand for our products and may adversely affect our business. Our revenue is heavily dependent on demand from the global semiconductor ecosystem. The semiconductor industry has historically been, and is likely to continue to be, cyclical, with periodic downturns, resulting in decreased demand for our products. The semiconductor industry may be negatively impacted by factors such as decreased consumer spending, macroeconomic uncertainty and slow or negative economic growth, which could further decrease consumer spending and business investment in technologies and products that contain semiconductors. We have previously experienced a reduction in revenue and operating losses during cyclical downturns in the semiconductor industry, which can occur suddenly. During such cyclical downturns, we typically experience greater pricing pressure and shifts in product and customer mix, which can adversely affect our gross margin and net income. We are unable to predict the timing, duration or severity of any current or future downturns in the semiconductor industry. Furthermore, the semiconductor industry is subject to rapid advancements and demand for new and emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence. Additionally, we may incur unexpected or additional costs to align our operations with demand. If we do not, or are unable to, adequately anticipate changes in our business environment, we may lack the infrastructure, manufacturing capacity and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Conversely, we may expand our capacity too rapidly, resulting in excess fixed costs, and lower profitability. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to rapid technological change and customer requirements by continuing to innovate and introduce new and enhanced products and solutions, we may experience a loss of market share, decreased sales, revenue, profitability and damage to our reputation. The electronics industry is subject to rapid technological change, changing customer requirements and frequent new product introductions. In our industry, the first company to introduce an innovative product that addresses an identified market need will often have a significant advantage over competing products. A failure to successfully anticipate and respond to technological 16 Table of Contents changes by developing, marketing and manufacturing new products or enhancements to our existing products could harm our business prospects and significantly reduce our sales. Conversely, if a product concept does not progress beyond the development stage or only achieves limited acceptance in the marketplace, we may not receive a direct return on our expenditures, we may lose market share and our revenue and profitability may decline. Following development, it may take several years for sales of a new product to reach a substantial level, if ever. We cannot guarantee that the new products and technology we choose to develop and market will be successful. In addition, if new products have reliability or quality problems, we may experience reduced orders, higher manufacturing costs, delays in acceptance and payment, additional service and warranty expense and damage to our reputation. A large percentage of our net sales are generated from our international operations and are subject to economic, geopolitical, foreign exchange and other risks. We do business globally in approximately 80 countries. The percentage of net sales generated by international operations, including U.S. exports, was approximately 88% of our total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. Regionally, Asia Pacific represented approximately 79% of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. We expect that the percentage of our net sales derived from international operations will continue to be significant. Risks related to international operations that have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business, results of operations and reputation as well as our customers and suppliers include: economic uncertainty in the worldwide markets in which we operate; trade restrictions (including potential, new and changing regulations for exports of certain technologies and goods to China) and changes in tariffs; failure to comply with evolving international trade restrictions and economic sanctions, laws and regulations; positions taken by governmental agencies regarding possible national, commercial and/or security issues posed by the development, sale or export of certain raw materials, products and technologies; geopolitical tensions or conflicts, which may result in severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades of sovereign debt, declining valuation of certain investments, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, volatility in unemployment rates, increased logistics costs and delays and uncertainty about economic stability and raw materials; difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; differing labor regulations; challenges of maintaining appropriate business processes, procedures and internal controls and complying with legal, environmental, health and safety, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, data privacy, cybersecurity and other regulatory requirements that vary by jurisdiction, and the impact of improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners; challenges in developing relationships with local customers, suppliers and governments; fluctuating pricing and availability of raw materials and supply chain disruptions; changes in global or local economic conditions, including inflation, hyperinflation, fluctuations in interest rates and other increasing price levels in certain sectors, such as energy, impacting availability and cost of goods and services; public health crises and related implications thereof; expense and complexity of complying with U.S. and foreign import and export regulations, including the ability to obtain and renew required import and export licenses; fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates, including the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies that are important to our business; restrictions on the transfer of funds, potentially leading to the inability to readily repatriate earnings from foreign operations effectively; tax impacts and changes in global and local tax regulatory environments; challenges and costs associated with the protection of our intellectual property throughout the world; challenges associated with managing global and regional third-party service providers, including certain engineering, software development, manufacturing, information technology ("IT") and other functions; and customer or government efforts to encourage operations and sourcing in a particular country, including efforts to develop and grow local competitors, require local manufacturing and provide special incentives to government-backed local customers to buy from local competitors. 17 Table of Contents We are subject to a variety of rapidly evolving environmental laws and regulations that could cause us to incur significant liabilities and expenses and subject us to environmental litigation. We are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, rules, ordinances and permit requirements relating to pollution, protection of the environment, product content, greenhouse gas emissions, and the generation, storage, handling, transportation, treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances, which include certain substances of concern, and waste materials, which are rapidly evolving. Costs to comply with complex environmental laws and regulations, as well as internal voluntary programs and goals, are significant and we expect these costs will continue to be significant for the foreseeable future. Moreover, changes in the legal or regulatory environment could inhibit or interrupt our operations, require modifications to our products, processes or facilities or cause us to discontinue or relocate the production of certain products. Further changes to or our failure to comply with these and similar regulations may result in significant unanticipated costs, liabilities or capital expenditures or require changes in business practice that could result in reduced margins or profitability. As a result of our operations, including past operations and those related to divested businesses and discontinued operations of DuPont and certain of our former affiliates (and their respective former affiliates), which will generally be contractually allocated between us and DuPont based on the Applicable Percentages under the Separation and Distribution Agreement (the "Separation and Distribution Agreement"), described in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this Annual Report, we incur environmental operating costs for pollution abatement activities including waste collection and disposal, installation and maintenance of air pollution controls and wastewater treatment, emissions testing and monitoring and obtaining permits. We also incur environmental operating costs related to environmental-related research and development activities including environmental field and treatment studies as well as toxicity and degradation testing to evaluate the environmental impact of products and raw materials. In addition, we maintain and periodically review and adjust our accruals for probable environmental remediation and restoration costs. Considerable uncertainty exists with respect to environmental remediation costs and, under adverse changes in circumstances, the potential liability may be materially higher than our accruals. We face risks arising from various unasserted and asserted litigation matters arising out of the normal course of our current and former business operations, including intellectual property, commercial, product liability, environmental and antitrust lawsuits. We have noted a trend in public and private suits being filed on behalf of states, counties, cities and utilities alleging harm to the general public and the environment, including waterways and watersheds. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these various proceedings. An adverse outcome in any one or more of these matters could be material to our financial results. Various factors or developments can lead to changes in current estimates of liabilities. Such factors and developments may include, but are not limited to, additional data, safety or risk assessments, as well as a final adverse judgment, significant settlement or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling or unfavorable development could result in future charges that could have a material adverse effect on us. Supply chain and operational disruptions and volatility in energy and raw material costs could adversely impact our sales and earnings and impact access to sources of liquidity. Our manufacturing processes and operations depend on the continued availability of energy and raw materials, the costs of which are subject to worldwide supply and demand as well as other factors beyond our control, including potential legislation related to reducing greenhouse gas emissions, the introduction of tariffs, creating a carbon tax or implementing a cap and trade program which could create increases in costs and price volatility. Climate change increases the frequency and severity of potential supply chain and operational disruptions from weather events and natural disasters. The chronic physical impacts associated with increased temperatures, changes in weather patterns and rising sea levels, for example, could significantly increase costs and expenses and create additional supply chain and operational disruption risks. Supply chain disruptions, including as a result of the relocation of certain low-cost and limited source suppliers to less-developed countries, plant and/or power outages, labor shortages and/or strikes, geopolitical activity, tariffs, weather events and natural disasters, including hurricanes or flooding that impact coastal regions, and global health risks or pandemics could seriously harm our operations as well as the operations of our customers and suppliers. Our manufacturing operations may be adversely affected by impacts of pandemics including government actions and other responsive measures, quarantines and health and availability of essential onsite personnel. In addition, our suppliers may experience capacity limitations in their own operations or may elect to reduce or eliminate certain product lines. To address this risk, generally, we seek to have many sources of supply for key raw materials in order to avoid significant dependence on one or a few suppliers. In addition, and where the supply market for key raw materials is concentrated, we take additional steps to manage exposure to supply chain risk and price fluctuations through, among other things, negotiated long-term contracts some of which include minimum purchase obligations. However, there can be no assurance that such mitigation efforts will prevent future difficulty in obtaining sufficient and timely delivery of certain raw materials. 18 Table of Contents If we do not successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, our business and financial performance may suffer. Our go-to-market strategy is focused on leveraging our existing portfolio of products and services as well as introducing new products and services to meet the demands of our customers in a continually changing technological landscape. To successfully execute this strategy, we must emphasize the aspects of our core business where demand remains strong, identify and capitalize on organic growth, and innovate by developing new products and services that will enable us to expand beyond our existing technology categories. Any failure to successfully execute this strategy, including any failure to invest sufficiently in strategic growth areas and support our research and development activities, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Changes in the global and local tax regulatory environments in, and the distribution of income among, the various jurisdictions in which we operate, could adversely impact our results of operations. Our future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws, regulations and judicial rulings (or changes in the interpretation thereof), changes in United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of earnings permanently reinvested offshore, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures and various other governmental enforcement initiatives. We have ongoing federal, state and international income tax audits in various jurisdictions, and we evaluate uncertain tax positions that may be challenged by local tax authorities. The impact, if any, of these audits to our unrecognized tax benefits is not estimable. Our tax expense includes estimates of tax reserves and reflects other estimates and assumptions, including assessments of our future earnings which could impact the valuation of our deferred tax assets. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ) was enacted in the United States and imposes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax ( CAMT ) on certain corporations. We continue to monitor the impact and risk of this on our future effective tax rate. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the OBBBA ) OBBBA was enacted into law in the United States. The OBBBA modifies international corporate income tax law by, among other things, changing the tax rates for certain Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (now known as Net CFC Tested Income) and Foreign-Derived Intangible Income (now known as Foreign Derived Deduction Eligible Income), modifying the allocation of expenses in calculating foreign tax credits, as well as changing foreign tax credit limitations. Given the complexities of the changes and potential future clarifications of the provisions, we continue to evaluate the impact of the new legislation on future periods. Changes in tax laws or regulations, including multi-jurisdictional changes enacted in response to the action items provided by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD"), including the OECD s Global Anti-Base Erosion rules under Pillar Two, which introduces a global minimum corporate tax rate set at 15% on multinational enterprises, can increase tax uncertainty and may impact our provision for income taxes. Many countries have enacted or drafted legislation using the Pillar Two framework to implement domestic tax laws requiring a minimum tax rate of 15% ( domestic top-up tax ) on income earned in the respective countries. The introduction of Pillar Two in countries where the Company operates has negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact our effective tax rate. While the OECD released guidance on January 5, 2026 detailing a side-by-side framework that could exempt certain U.S.-parented groups, including Qnity, from certain of the Pillar Two rules, the final outcome remains uncertain. Given the unpredictability of possible further changes to and the potential interdependency of the United States or foreign tax laws and regulations, it is difficult to predict the cumulative effect of such tax laws and regulations on our results of operations. If we are unable to attract or retain key personnel and qualified employees, or maintain relations with our employees, unions and other employee representatives, it could adversely affect our ability to compete and achieve our strategic goals. Attracting, developing and retaining talented employees is essential to our successful delivery of products and services, ability to innovate, and ability to identify trends and develop new markets. Many of our key personnel have significant experience in the semiconductor industry and deep technical expertise. In addition, due to the specialized and technical nature of our business, our future performance depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain skilled employees, particularly specialized research and development and engineering personnel, in order to maintain our efficient production processes, drive innovation in our product offerings and maintain our deep customer relationships. As the semiconductor industry has grown in recent years, competition for qualified talent, particularly those with significant industry experience, has intensified. We may be required to increase salary and/or benefits to attract and retain top performers which could increase our costs and adversely impact our results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Certain of our employees in the U.S. are covered by collective bargaining agreements. These agreements typically contain provisions regarding the general working conditions of our employees, including provisions that could affect our ability to restructure our operations, close facilities or reduce our number of employees. We may not be able to extend existing collective bargaining agreements or, upon the expiration of such agreements, negotiate such agreements in a favorable and timely manner or without work stoppages, strikes or similar actions. The loss of one or more key employees, our inability to successfully integrate, motivate and reward our employees, attract or develop additional qualified employees, any delay in hiring key personnel, any deterioration of the relationships with our employees, unions and other employee representatives, or any material work stoppage, strike or similar action could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition or prospects. Our reliance on certain key customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers could adversely affect our overall sales and profitability. Sales to a limited number of large customers constitute a significant portion of our overall revenue, shipments, cash flows, collections and profitability. Our top ten customers accounted for 34%, 34% and 32% of our net sales in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We would have no or limited contractual recourse if our large customers decided to stop buying and using our products in their manufacturing processes with limited advance notice to us. The cancellation, reduction or deferral of purchases of our products by any one of these customers could meaningfully reduce our revenues. The loss of one or more of these key customers, if our products are not specified for our large customers products or if we suffer a material reduction in their purchase orders, could impair our results of operations for the affected earnings periods. In addition, there is limited available manufacturing capacity that meets our quality standards and regulatory requirements. If we are unable to arrange for sufficient production capacity among our suppliers or contract manufacturers, or if our suppliers or contract manufacturers encounter production, quality, financial or other difficulties (including due to labor or geopolitical disturbances or natural disasters), we may be unable to meet our customers demands. To help ensure continuity of supply to our customers, we have increased our procurement efforts to shorten lead times. These increases in materials inventory and purchase commitments have resulted, and could continue to result, in excess and/or obsolete inventory charges if the demand for our products is ultimately less than our expectations. Finally, we rely on independent distributors to distribute our products and to assist us with the marketing and sale of certain of our products. There can be no assurance that our distributors will focus adequate resources on selling our products to end users, or will be successful in selling our products, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Risks related to trade disputes, regulations and policies could have an adverse impact on our operations and reduce the competitiveness or availability of our products relative to local and global competitors. There is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among China, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and the U.S., that political, diplomatic and national security influences could lead to trade disputes, impacts and/or disruptions, in particular those affecting the semiconductor industry. Trade regulations, policies and disputes can and have increased tariffs and trade barriers, which can and have limited our ability to sell certain products to certain customers, and otherwise impacted our global supply and distribution chains and research and development activities, particularly those arising out of relations between the U.S. and China. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as negotiations between the U.S. and affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions or exclusions that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of raw materials, and our buying organization s ability to execute our raw materials sourcing model to offset the effects of the tariffs. In addition, we are subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations that restrict the delivery of some of our products and services to certain countries (and nationals thereof), to certain end users, and for certain end uses. These restrictions may prohibit the transfer of certain of our products, services and technologies, and they may require us to obtain a license from the U.S. government before delivering the controlled item or service. Obtaining export licenses may be difficult, costly and time-consuming, and we may fail to receive licenses that we apply for on a timely basis or at all. We must also comply with export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations imposed by other countries. Our export and trade control compliance program may be ineffective or circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. Compliance with these laws could meaningfully limit our sales in the future. Ultimately, changes in, and responses to, U.S. trade controls have the potential to reduce the competitiveness of our products and cause our sales to decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks may be especially exacerbated as they relate to China, a market that is important to our business, representing approximately 33% of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. 20 Table of Contents Our business, results of operations and reputation could be adversely affected by industry-specific risks, including process safety, product stewardship and regulatory compliance issues. Our business exposes us to industry-specific risks which include, but are not limited to risks arising from: product safety or quality, shifting public perception, federal, state and local regulations on manufacturing or labeling, packaging, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and customer product liability claims. In most jurisdictions, we must test the safety, efficacy and environmental impact of our products to satisfy regulatory requirements and obtain the needed approvals. In certain jurisdictions, we must periodically renew our approvals, which may require us to demonstrate compliance with then-current standards. The regulatory approvals process is lengthy, complex and in some markets unpredictable, with requirements that can vary by product, technology, industry and country. Regulatory standards and trial procedures are continuously changing in response to technological developments, changes in legislation and governmental, non-governmental organization ( NGO ) and societal demands for increasing levels of product safety and environmental protection. The pace of change, together with any lack of regulatory harmony could result in unintended noncompliance. Each of these laws, rules and regulations imposes costs on our business, including financial costs and potential diversion of our management s attention, and may present risks to our business, including potential fines, restrictions on our actions and reputational damage if we do not fully comply. To maintain our right to produce or sell existing products or to commercialize new products, we must be able to demonstrate our ability to satisfy the requirements of regulatory agencies, industries and customers. Efforts to comply with new and changing regulations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased administrative expenses and diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. The failure to meet existing and new requirements or receive necessary permits or approvals could have near- and long-term effects on our ability to produce and sell certain current and future products which could increase operating costs and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, negative publicity related to product liability, safety, health and environmental matters may damage our reputation. Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected by interruption or regulation of our information technology or network systems and storage of information and other business disruptions. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with laws and regulations regarding data privacy could also lead to regulatory investigations, litigation, fines, or other adverse business consequences. We rely on centralized and local information technology and physical networks and systems, some of which are managed or accessible by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to otherwise manage or support our business. Additionally, we collect, store, process, use and have access to certain data, including proprietary business and personal information or data that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, orders and controls or rules imposed by customer or other contracts. The processing and storage of personal information is increasingly subject to privacy and data security regulations, and many such regulations are country or territory-specific. The interpretation and application of data protection laws in the U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and elsewhere are continuing to evolve and may be different across these jurisdictions. Violations of these laws or standards could result in criminal or civil sanctions, investigations or enforcement actions. Even the mere allegation of such violations, could harm our ability to do business, our results of operations, financial position and reputation. Information technology system and/or network disruptions, whether caused by internal or external factors, could have an adverse impact on our operations as well as the operations of our customers and suppliers. Other business disruptions may also be caused by security breaches. We and/or our suppliers may fail to effectively prevent, detect and recover from security breaches and, therefore, such breaches could result in misuse of our assets, loss of property including trade secrets and confidential or personal information, and other business disruptions. As a result, we may be subject to legal claims or proceedings, reporting errors, processing inefficiencies, negative media attention, loss of sales, interference with regulatory compliance, which could result in sanctions or penalties, liability or penalties under privacy laws, disruption in our operations and damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Like other major corporations, we are the target of cyber-attacks, from time to time, which include phishing, spam emails, hacking, social engineering, industrial espionage and malicious software. We have determined that these attacks have resulted, and could result in the future, in unauthorized parties gaining access to certain confidential business information. However, risks from previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected us, including our business strategy and results of operations. Further, the use of artificial intelligence by us, our customers, suppliers and other business partners and third-party providers may further introduce vulnerabilities onto our IT systems and data. 21 Table of Contents We seek to actively manage the risks within our control that could lead to business disruptions and security breaches. As these threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant resources to enhance our control environment, processes, practices and other protective measures. Despite these efforts, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our revenues and operating results have fluctuated in the past and may do so in the future, which could impact our stock price. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year due to a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. We manage our expenses based in part on our expectations of future revenues. Because some of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short term, a change in the timing of revenue or the amount of profit we generate from a small number of transactions can unfavorably affect operating results in a particular period. Factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably include: our ability to develop, introduce and market new, enhanced and competitive products in a timely manner; trends in the semiconductor industry, macroeconomic and market conditions and geopolitical uncertainty; legal, tax, accounting or regulatory changes (including changes in import/export regulations and tariffs, such as regulations imposed by the U.S. government on product imports from certain countries, including China and Mexico, as well as the related trade disputes and trade barriers) or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing requirements; the size and timing of customer orders; consolidation of our customers, which could impact their purchasing decisions and negatively affect our revenues; procurement shortages, increased prices, the failure of suppliers to perform their obligations and additional expenses to respond promptly to any supply shortages or other supplier problems; decisions to increase or accelerate our purchasing of raw materials, components or other supplies in an effort to mitigate supply risk; changes in our capital expenditure requirements, and the schedule and timing, including potential delays, thereof; manufacturing difficulties; customer decisions to decelerate orders in order to draw down their inventory; customer cancellations of or delays in shipments, installations or customer acceptances or, alternatively, acceleration of orders from customers to increase their inventory; our customers rate of replacement of our consumable products or decision to delay expansion projects; changes in average selling prices, customer mix and product mix; our competitors introduction of new products; disruptions in transportation, communication, demand, information technology or supply, including strikes, acts of God, wars, terrorist activities and natural or man-made disasters; changes in our estimated tax rate; and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Enforcing our intellectual property rights, or defending against intellectual property claims asserted by others, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, know-how and confidential information, trademarks, tradenames and trade dress, are important to our business. We endeavor to protect our business, including our products, processes and services, by protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights under the intellectual property laws of certain jurisdictions around the world. However, we may be unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights in key jurisdictions for various reasons including government policies and regulations. Further, changes in government policies and regulations, including changes made in reaction to pressure from NGOs, or the public generally, could impact the extent of intellectual property protection afforded by such jurisdictions. We have designed and implemented internal controls intended to restrict unauthorized access to and use of our intellectual property, including our trade secrets and confidential information. Despite these precautions, our intellectual property is vulnerable to infringement, misappropriation and other unauthorized access and use, including through employee or licensee error or actions, theft by employees or third parties and cybersecurity incidents and other security breaches. When unauthorized access and use or counterfeit products are discovered, we report such incidents to governmental authorities for investigation, as appropriate, and take measures intended to mitigate any potential impact and to stop any unauthorized access. Third parties may also claim our products, processes or services, or our names and marks, including new names and marks adopted by us in connection with our recent spin-off from DuPont (the "Spin-Off"), violate their intellectual property rights. Defending such claims, even those without merit, can be time-consuming and expensive. In addition, as a result of such claims, we and/or certain of our subsidiaries have been, and may in the future be, required to enter into license agreements, modify the 22 Table of Contents design of our products, processes or services, rebrand our offerings or cease the sale or other commercial exploitation of the affected products, services or brands. If challenges are resolved adversely, it could negatively impact our ability to obtain licenses on competitive terms, commercialize new products and generate sales from existing products, and we could become liable for damages. Any one or more of the above factors could significantly affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Failure to effectively manage acquisitions, divestitures, partnerships and other portfolio actions could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We continuously evaluate acquisition candidates that may strategically fit our business and/or growth objectives. If we are unable to successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, we could fail to achieve anticipated synergies and cost savings, including any expected increases in revenues and operating results, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. We expect to continually review our portfolio of assets for contributions to our objectives and alignment with our growth strategy. Moreover, we might incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions or divestitures that reduce our earnings. In addition, if the execution or implementation of acquisitions, divestitures, partnerships, joint ventures and other portfolio actions is not successful and/or we fail to effectively manage cost as our portfolio evolves, it could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. Our business relies in part on the availability of financing for our products and services. The capital and credit markets may experience extreme volatility or disruptions that may lead to uncertainty and liquidity issues for both borrowers and investors. Certain customers and suppliers, as well as our business, may need access to credit and trade finance lines and other financing instruments for certain transactions and to provide financial assurance as required by regulatory agencies. Additionally, we may need to access the capital markets to supplement our existing funds and cash generated from operations to satisfy our needs for example, for working capital or capital expenditure requirements. A variety of factors beyond our control could impact the availability or cost of capital, including domestic or international economic conditions, increases in key benchmark interest rates and/or credit spreads, the adoption of new or amended banking or capital market laws or regulations, and the repricing of market risks and volatility in capital and financial markets. In the event of adverse capital and credit market conditions, we may be unable to obtain capital market financing on favorable terms, or at all, and changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized credit-rating agencies could adversely affect our ability to obtain capital market financing and the cost of such financing. Additionally, a large portion of our total consolidated cash is held overseas and may not be efficiently accessible to finance or to otherwise support our capital market requirements. Such factors may impact our ability, or the ability of our customers or suppliers, to obtain debt financing, guarantees or hedging from financial institutions which may negatively impact our business. Risks Related to our Recent Spin-Off from DuPont We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Spin-Off. We believe that, as an independent, publicly traded company, we are better positioned to, among other things: focus our financial and operational resources on our specific business, growth profile and strategic priorities; design and implement corporate strategies and policies targeted to our operational focus and strategic priorities; guide our processes and infrastructure to focus on our core strengths; implement and maintain a capital structure designed to meet our specific needs; and more effectively respond to industry dynamics. However, we may be unable to achieve some or all of these benefits in the time we expect, if at all, for a variety of reasons, including: compliance with the requirements of being an independent, publicly traded company require significant amounts of our management s time and effort, which may divert management s attention from operating and growing our business; we may be more susceptible to market fluctuations, actions by activist stockholders and other adverse events than if we were still a part of DuPont; our businesses are less diversified than DuPont s businesses prior to the Spin-Off; we may not enjoy the same benefit of leverage and market reputation that we enjoyed as part of DuPont; we are more exposed to matters such as foreign currency exchange rates as a smaller, stand-alone company than we had been as a part of the larger DuPont enterprise; under the terms of the Tax Matters Agreement (the "Tax Matters Agreement") with DuPont, we are restricted from taking certain actions that could cause the distribution to fail to qualify as a tax-free transaction and these restrictions may limit us for a period of time from pursuing strategic transactions and equity issuances or engaging in other transactions that may increase the value of our business; and under the terms of the Corteva Letter Agreement and the Legacy Liabilities Assignment Agreement (as defined herein), we are restricted in our ability to transfer to third parties or separate our businesses and assets without assigning certain Legacy Liabilities (as defined in the Corteva Letter Agreement) contractually allocated to us in connection with the Spin-Off to such separated businesses and assets or transferees or meeting certain other alternative conditions. If we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as an independent company, or do not achieve them in the time we expect, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 23 Table of Contents We could incur substantial additional costs and experience temporary business interruptions, and we may not be adequately prepared to meet the requirements of an independent, publicly traded company on a timely or cost-effective basis. We have historically operated as part of DuPont, and DuPont has provided us with various corporate functions. DuPont does not provide us with assistance other than the transition and other services described in the Transition Services Agreements. These services do not include every service that we have received from DuPont in the past, and DuPont is only obligated to provide the transition services for limited periods following completion of the Spin-Off. Following the cessation of the Transition Services Agreements, we will need to provide internally or obtain from unaffiliated third parties the services we will no longer receive from DuPont. We may be unable to replace these services in a timely manner or on terms and conditions as favorable as those we receive from DuPont. In connection with the Spin-Off, we have been installing and implementing information technology infrastructure to support certain of our business functions, including accounting and financial reporting, research and development, human resources, legal and compliance, insurance, communications and indirect sourcing. If we are unable to transition effectively, we may incur temporary interruptions in business operations. Any delay in implementing, or operational interruptions suffered while implementing, our new information technology infrastructure could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, in connection with the Spin-Off, we are now subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. Beginning with our second required Annual Report on Form 10-K, we will be required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes Oxley Act ), which will require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Under the Sarbanes Oxley Act, we are also required to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures. To comply with these requirements, we may need to upgrade our systems, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff. These reporting and other obligations may place large demands on management, administrative and operational resources, including accounting systems and resources. If we are unable to upgrade our financial and management controls, reporting systems, information technology systems and procedures in a timely and effective fashion, our ability to comply with financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies under the Exchange Act could be impaired, and we may be unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of shares of our common stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. We have incurred indebtedness in connection with the Spin-Off In connection with the Spin-Off, we incurred indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount of $4.1 billion, consisting of the $2.35 billion Senior Secured Term Loan Facility, which was entered into on October 31, 2025, and the $1.0 billion of Senior Secured Notes due 2032 and $750 million of Senior Unsecured Notes due 2033, which were issued on August 15, 2025. We also entered into the Senior Secured Revolving Facility of $1.25 billion on October 31, 2025. We may also add incremental term loan facilities, increase commitments under the revolving credit facility or otherwise incur additional indebtedness in the future. Such debt obligations could potentially have important consequences to us and our debt and equity investors, including: requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments; making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations; reducing the amount of borrowings that may be obtained through offering certain of our assets as security; increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade of our debt, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt financing; increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business; limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; placing us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors that may not be as highly leveraged with debt; requiring us to repatriate earnings to the United States, causing withholding taxes to be applied, which in turn could increase our effective tax rate; and limiting our ability to borrow additional funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pursue our business strategies, pay cash dividends or repurchase common stock. 24 Table of Contents To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness, the foregoing risks could increase. In addition, our actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Our cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and we may not be able to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance our debt. We may have received better terms from unaffiliated third parties than the terms received in the commercial agreements we and/or certain of our subsidiaries will enter into with DuPont and/or certain of its subsidiaries. In connection with the Spin-Off, we and/or certain of our subsidiaries have entered into various other agreements with DuPont and/or certain of its subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, the Tax Matters Agreement, the Employee Matters Agreement, the Transition Services Agreements, the Intellectual Property Cross-License Agreement, the Transitional House Marks Trademark License Agreement, the ESL Cost Sharing Agreement and certain other intellectual property-related, real estate-related, confidentiality-related, regulatory-related and commercial agreements, which govern certain relationships between us and DuPont that were previously provided within DuPont. Such agreements were intended to be entered into on arm s-length terms similar to those that would be agreed with an unaffiliated third party such as a buyer in a sale transaction, but we did not have an independent board of directors or a management team independent of DuPont representing our interests while such agreements were being negotiated. In addition, until the Spin-Off was completed, we continued to be a wholly owned subsidiary of DuPont and, accordingly, DuPont still had the sole discretion to determine and change the terms of the separation through the distribution date. As a result of these factors, some of the terms of such agreements may not reflect terms that would have resulted from arm s-length negotiations among unaffiliated third parties, and it is possible that we might have been able to achieve more favorable terms if the circumstances differed. If the Spin-Off were to fail to qualify for non-recognition treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, DuPont could be subject to significant tax liabilities, and our indemnification obligations to DuPont related to such taxes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. DuPont received a written opinion (the "Tax Opinion") from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP to the effect that, among other things, DuPont's distribution of our stock, together with certain related transactions, will qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). The Tax Opinion relies on certain facts, assumptions and undertakings, and certain representations from DuPont and us, regarding the past and future conduct of both respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the Tax Opinion, the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) could determine on audit that the distribution and/or certain related transactions should be treated as a taxable transaction if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or that the distribution should be taxable for other reasons, including if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions of the Tax Opinion. Generally, taxes resulting from the failure of the Spin-Off to qualify for non-recognition treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be imposed on DuPont or DuPont stockholders who received shares of Qnity common stock in the Spin-Off. Under the Tax Matters Agreement that we entered into with DuPont, we are generally obligated to indemnify DuPont against some or all of such taxes imposed on DuPont in certain circumstances. Such indemnifiable taxes could be significant. To the extent that we are responsible for any liability under the Tax Matters Agreement, there could be a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future reporting periods. Even if the distribution otherwise constitutes a tax-free transaction to stockholders under Section 355 of the Code, DuPont may be required to recognize corporate-level tax on the distribution and certain related transactions under Section 355(e) of the Code if, as a result of transactions considered part of a plan with the distribution, there is a 50% or greater change of ownership in DuPont or us. If DuPont is required to recognize corporate-level tax on the distribution and/or certain related transactions under Section 355(e) of the Code, then under the Tax Matters Agreement, we may be required to indemnify DuPont for all or a portion of such taxes, which could be a significant amount, if such taxes were the result of either direct or indirect transfers of Qnity common stock or certain reasons relating to the overall structure of the distribution. We agreed to numerous restrictions to preserve the tax-free treatment of the Spin-Off, which may reduce our strategic and operating flexibility. Our ability to engage in certain transactions could be limited or restricted after the distribution to preserve, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax-free nature of the distribution and certain related transactions. These covenants include certain restrictions on our activity for a period of two years following the Spin-Off, including on our ability to enter into acquisition, merger, liquidation, sale and stock redemption and certain other transactions with respect to our stock or assets. In addition, under the Tax Matters Agreement, we may be required to indemnify DuPont against any such tax liabilities as a result of the acquisition of our stock or assets, even if we do not participate in or otherwise facilitate the acquisition. Furthermore, we are subject to specific restrictions on discontinuing the active conduct of our trade or business, the issuance or sale of stock or other securities, and sales of assets outside the ordinary course of business. 25 Table of Contents These covenants and indemnification obligations may significantly limit our ability to pursue certain transactions that we may believe to otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders or that might increase the value of our business, and might discourage or delay a strategic transaction that our stockholders may consider favorable. In connection with the Spin-Off, we have been contractually allocated, and directly pay or indemnify DuPont for, certain liabilities, including certain PFAS liabilities. If we are required to make payments pursuant to these indemnification obligations, we may need to divert cash to meet those obligations and our business, financial condition, and results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. In addition, DuPont will indemnify us for certain liabilities. These indemnification obligations may not be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of liabilities we incur, and DuPont may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future. Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Employee Matters Agreement and the Tax Matters Agreement with DuPont, we have been contractually allocated, and directly pay or indemnify DuPont for, certain liabilities (including those contractually allocated between DuPont and Qnity based on the Applicable Percentages as defined in the Separation and Distribution Agreement) for uncapped amounts, which may include, among other items, historical tax obligations, associated defense costs, settlement amounts and judgments. Payments pursuant to these indemnification obligations, including those in respect of certain legacy and other liabilities (including Legacy Liabilities (as defined in the Corteva Letter Agreement), any funding obligations of DuPont under the Memorandum of Understanding, legacy PFAS liabilities and liabilities related to businesses and operations of DuPont that were previously discontinued or divested), may be significant and could negatively impact our business, particularly indemnification obligations relating to our actions that could impact the tax-free nature of the distribution. Furthermore, with respect to such liabilities contractually allocated between DuPont and Qnity based on the Applicable Percentages, Qnity has irrevocably granted to DuPont, coupled with an interest, sole and exclusive authority to, among other things, commence, notice, prosecute, manage, control, conduct, administer, handle, manage, defend (or assume the defense of), litigate, arbitrate, mediate, settle, resolve, dispose of, cover or otherwise determine all matters with respect to any claims related to, arising out of or resulting from any such liabilities. DuPont may also, in its sole discretion, require Qnity to remit any amounts owed in respect of Qnity s share of such liabilities directly to the relevant third-party owed such amount. DuPont s exercise of this authority could result in an increase in the financial burden of such liabilities borne by us, and such increase could be material to our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. Third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities contractually allocated to DuPont, including those related to DuPont s Industrials business and DuPont s share of those contractually allocated between DuPont and Qnity based on their respective Applicable Percentage (including Legacy Liabilities (as defined in the Corteva Letter Agreement), any funding obligations of DuPont under the Memorandum of Understanding, legacy PFAS liabilities and liabilities related to businesses and operations of DuPont that were previously discontinued or divested). DuPont will agree to indemnify us for such applicable liabilities, but such indemnification may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities or our Applicable Percentage thereof, as applicable. In addition, DuPont may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations with respect to the liabilities we incur that have been contractually allocated to DuPont. Even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from DuPont any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Although we have not identified any conflicts of interest, certain of our directors and employees may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their financial or equity interests in DuPont, or because of their previous positions with DuPont. Because of their former positions with DuPont, certain of our executive officers and directors own equity interests in both us and DuPont. Continuing ownership of DuPont shares and equity awards could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest if we and DuPont face decisions that could have implications for both us and DuPont. For example, our officers and directors could be motivated or seen to be motivated to make decisions benefiting DuPont that would not have been made if they had no ownership of DuPont shares or equity awards, which may in turn cause harm to our reputation. We have not currently identified any conflicts of interest; however, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between us and DuPont regarding the terms of the agreements governing the Spin-Off and our relationship with DuPont. Potential conflicts of interest may also arise out of any commercial arrangements that we or DuPont, and/or our respective affiliates, may enter into in the future. For example, due to the existing relationships between our officers and directors who have historically been employed by DuPont, our officers and directors may make or be seen to be making decisions benefiting DuPont that would not have been made if we had no such officers or directors. A dispute regarding a potential or actual conflict of interest involving us and DuPont could negatively impact our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, public perception of such an actual or apparent conflict of interest could pose reputational risks and expose us to increased scrutiny from investors and regulators. 26 Table of Contents We are subject to certain restrictions in the Corteva Side Letter, which may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies. In connection with their separation, DuPont entered into a letter agreement with Corteva (the Corteva Letter Agreement ) that imposes limitations intended to preserve the agreed allocation of certain legacy liabilities among the parties following the separation. In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Corteva Letter Agreement, in addition to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, we entered into the Legacy Liabilities Assignment Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, we are bound by, and subject to, on a partially assigned basis, certain terms and conditions of the Corteva Letter Agreement, including the same limitations on our ability to transfer to third parties or separate our businesses and assets without assigning certain Legacy Liabilities (as defined in the Corteva Letter Agreement) contractually allocated to us in connection with the Spin-Off to such separated businesses and assets or transferees or meeting certain other alternative conditions, except that the value of the Minimum EBITDA is equal to $1,100,000,000. Restrictions under our Intellectual Property Cross-License Agreement with DuPont will limit our ability to prosecute, maintain and enforce certain intellectual property. We are dependent to a certain extent on DuPont to prosecute, maintain, defend and enforce certain of the intellectual property licensed under our Intellectual Property Cross-License Agreement with DuPont. For example, DuPont has the sole right to file, prosecute maintain and defend the patents, including patents filed on trade secrets and other know-how, licensed to us. DuPont also has the sole right to enforce the intellectual property, including patents, trade secrets and other know-how, licensed to us. If DuPont chooses to not enforce the intellectual property licensed to us under the Intellectual Property Cross-License Agreement, we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competitive products and services. Risks Related to our Capital Stock We cannot be certain that an active trading market for our common stock will be sustained and our stock price may fluctuate significantly. Qnity became an independent, publicly traded company, and Qnity common stock commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "Q" at the start of trading on November 3, 2025. We cannot guarantee that an active trading market will be sustained for our common stock. If an active trading market is not sustained, our stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares of our common stock at an attractive price, or at all. The trading price of our common stock is determined in the public markets and may be influenced by many factors that may cause the price to fluctuate significantly, some of which may be beyond our control, including: our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; the failure of securities analysts to continue to cover our common stock; actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates or our earnings guidance; the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; overall market fluctuations and domestic and worldwide economic conditions; and other factors described in this RISK FACTORS section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. A large number of shares of our common stock are or will be eligible for future sale, which may cause our stock price to decline. Upon completion of the distribution, there was an aggregate of approximately 209,443,730 million shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, giving effect to a distribution ratio of one share of our common stock for every two shares of DuPont common stock. These shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), unless the shares are owned by one of our affiliates , as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. Any sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that such sales might occur, in connection with the distribution or otherwise, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We are unable to predict whether large amounts of our common stock will be sold in the open market. In addition, a portion of DuPont common stock was held by index funds tied to stock indices prior to the distribution. If we were included in these indices at the time of the distribution, these index funds may be required to sell our common stock they receive in the distribution. 27 Table of Contents Our stockholders percentage of ownership in Qnity may be diluted in the future. Our stockholders percentage ownership in Qnity may be diluted in the future because of equity issuances of our common stock for acquisitions, capital market transactions or otherwise, including, without limitation, outstanding equity awards resulting from the treatment of DuPont equity awards in connection with the distribution and equity awards that we may grant to our directors, officers and employees in the future. Such issuances may have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common stock with respect to dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. For example, we could grant holders of Qnity preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of Qnity preferred stock could affect the residual value of our common stock. Our Series A Preferred Stock has separate voting rights over certain potentially material matters and transactions, and the Trust is required to vote against such matters and transactions. In addition to our common stock, we have Series A Preferred Stock, all issued and outstanding shares of which are held by a noncharitable purpose trust (the "Trust") established for the purpose of enforcing the rights of the Series A Preferred Stock under the Certificate of Designation and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, without the prior affirmative and unanimous vote of the holders of all of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, we are not be permitted to, among other things, (i) amend, alter, change, modify, supplement, repeal or adopt any provision inconsistent with, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, through any Corporate Event (as defined therein)), (a) any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws that expressly limit our corporate purpose and the authority of our board of directors such that, as a matter of Delaware corporate law, we and our board of directors will not be able to take any action, directly or indirectly, to challenge, breach, question, dispute, undermine, diminish, revoke, circumvent, impair, negate, supersede, prohibit, restrict, hinder, prevent, interfere with or otherwise contravene DuPont s sole and exclusive authority to determine the matters described in the first paragraph of the section entitled We are subject to risks associated with certain of our indemnification obligations under the Separation and Distribution Agreement, pursuant to which we may be required to make substantial cash payments to DuPont or the applicable third party for matters solely and exclusively controlled by DuPont , or in a manner that would circumvent, revoke, impair, negate, supersede, prohibit, restrict, diminish, hinder, prevent, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect any of the powers, designations, preferences, privileges, protections or rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, or (b) any provision of the Certificate of Designation, or (ii) take, or attempt to take, any action, enter into any agreement, or consummate any transaction (including, without limitation, any financing transaction or Corporate Event) that would result in the Series A Preferred Stock no longer being outstanding or being held (either beneficially or of record) by any person other than the Trust, or that would otherwise circumvent, revoke, impair, negate, supersede, prohibit, restrict, diminish, hinder, prevent, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect any of the powers, designations, preferences, privileges, protections or rights of the Series A Preferred Stock. Additionally, as all shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are held by the Trust, and the Trust is prohibited under the terms of its trust documents from voting in favor of any such actions, we expect and intend that the aforementioned limitations on our corporate purpose and the authority of our board of directors is perpetual. Such separate voting rights by our Series A Preferred Stock may discourage or prevent third parties from initiating or entering into transactions with Qnity, or Qnity from entering into transactions, that would otherwise be attractive to Qnity or its common stockholders. 28 Table of Contents Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, Delaware law and in the Tax Matters Agreement and other Spin-Off-related agreements may prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay, deter or prevent a change in control. Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, to which we are subject, imposes various impediments to the ability of a third-party to acquire control of us, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. Additionally, provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could deter, delay or prevent a third-party from acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, including without limitation, the authority of the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. Several of the agreements that we and/or certain of our subsidiaries entered into with DuPont and/or certain of its subsidiaries in connection with the Spin-Off require DuPont s consent to any assignment of our rights and obligations, or a change of control of us, under the agreements. These consent rights may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control or similar transaction that you may consider favorable. In addition, indemnity obligations and/or certain restrictive covenants in the Tax Matters Agreement might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control that you may consider favorable. The exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or employees, or our stockholders, or the underwriters of any offering giving rise to such claim, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, other employees, stockholders or agents to us or our stockholders, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, other employees, stockholders or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us or our directors, officers other employees, stockholders or agents. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. These exclusive forum provisions will not apply to any action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 
