: RISK FACTORS of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 are among those that may affect our performance materially or could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable securities law and regulations of relevant securities exchanges, we do not intend to update publicly any forward-looking statements, even if our expectations have been affected by new information, future events or other developments. You should consider our forward-looking statements in light of the factors listed or referenced under RISK FACTORS herein. RB Global, Inc. 1 Table of Contents SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A: RISK FACTORS in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the RISK FACTORS section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the RISK FACTORS section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Risks Related to Our Business Our business and operating results would be adversely affected due to the loss of one or more significant suppliers, a reduction in significant volume from suppliers, an adverse change in our supplier relationships, or a disruption to our supply of damaged, total loss and low-value vehicles. Our business and operating results would be adversely affected if we are unable to meet or exceed our buyer customers demand and expectations or due to a disruption in demand of damaged, total loss and low-value vehicles. Our market position and competitive advantage could be threatened by our competitors and/or disruptive new entrants. If our facilities lack the capacity to accept additional vehicles, then our relationships with insurance companies or other vehicle suppliers could be adversely affected. We may be unable to keep existing facilities or open new facilities in desirable locations and on favorable terms, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Macroeconomic factors, including high fuel prices, high labor costs, inflation and changes in used car prices, may have an adverse effect on our revenues and operating results. Reliance on our subhaulers and trucking fleet operations could materially and adversely affect our business and reputation. Weather-related and other events beyond our control may adversely impact operations. An increase in the number of damaged and total loss vehicles we purchase could adversely affect our profitability. A significant change in used-vehicle prices could impact the proceeds and revenue from the sale of damaged and total loss vehicles. IAA assumes the settlement risk for vehicles sold through its marketplaces. Changes in laws affecting the import and export of damaged and total loss vehicles may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We are subject to potential liabilities with respect to IAA s prior separation from KAR Auction Services, Inc. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of, and synergies from, acquisitions and may become responsible for certain liabilities and integration costs as a result. Damage to our reputation could harm our business. We may incur losses as a result of our guarantee and inventory contracts and advances to consignors. The availability and performance of our information technology ( IT ) systems and infrastructure is critical to our business and continued growth. Consumer behavior is rapidly changing, and if we are unable to successfully adapt to consumer preferences and develop and maintain a relevant and reliable inventory management and multichannel disposition experience for our customers, our financial performance and brand image could be adversely affected. We rely on data provided by third parties, the loss of which could limit the functionality of certain of our platforms and disrupt our business. Government regulation of the digital landscape is evolving, and unfavorable regulations could substantially harm our business and results of operations. If our ability, or the ability of our third-party service partners, cloud computing providers or third-party data center hosting facilities, to safeguard the reliability, integrity and confidentiality of our and their IT systems is compromised, if unauthorized access is obtained to our systems or customers , suppliers', counterparties' and employees' confidential information, or if authorized access is blocked or disabled, we may incur material reputational harm, legal exposure, or a negative financial impact. Our future expenses may increase significantly and our operations and ability to expand may be limited as a result of licenses, laws and regulations governing auction sites, environmental protection, international trade, tariffs and other matters. Losing the services of one or more key personnel or the failure to attract, train and retain personnel could materially affect our business. Failure to maintain safe sites could materially affect our business and reputation. Income and commodity tax amounts, including tax expense, may be materially different than expected, and there is a trend by global tax collection authorities towards the adoption of more aggressive laws, regulations, interpretations and audit practices. RB Global, Inc. 2 Table of Contents Our substantial international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, including foreign exchange rate fluctuations that could harm our results of operations. Our business operations may be subject to a number of federal and local laws, rules and regulations governing international trade, including export control regulations. Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, or the CFPOA, and similar laws associated with our activities outside of the U.S. could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. We are pursuing a long-term growth strategy that may include acquisitions and developing and enhancing an appropriate sales strategy, which requires upfront investment with no guarantee of long-term returns. Third-party claims, litigation, regulatory proceedings or government investigations to which we are subject or in which we become involved, regardless of their merit, could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Privacy concerns and our compliance with current and evolving domestic or foreign laws and regulations regarding the processing of personal information and other data may increase our costs, impact our marketing efforts, or decrease adoption and use of our products and services, and our failure to comply with those laws and regulations may expose us to liability and reputational harm. Our business continuity plan may not operate effectively in the event of a significant interruption of our business. Our insurance may be insufficient to cover losses that may occur as a result of our operations. Certain global conditions may affect our ability to conduct successful events. Financial Risks Ineffective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our financial statements, reduce investor confidence, and adversely impact our stock price. We have substantial indebtedness, and the degree to which we are leveraged may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our debt instruments have restrictive covenants that could limit our financial flexibility. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property We may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our growth prospects. Risks Related to Our Industry Competition could result in reductions in our future revenues and profitability. Decreases in the supply of, demand for, or market values of used equipment, could harm our business. Risks Related to Our Organization and Governance Our articles, by-laws, shareholder rights plan and applicable Canadian provincial and federal law contain provisions that may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. U.S. civil liabilities may not be enforceable against us, our directors, or our officers. We are governed by the corporate laws of Ontario, Canada, which in some cases have a different effect on shareholders than the corporate laws of Delaware. RB Global, Inc. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1: BUSINESS Company Overview Established in 1958, the Company is a leading, omnichannel marketplace and trusted provider of value-added insights, services and transaction solutions for buyers and sellers of commercial assets and vehicles worldwide. Through our global network of auction sites and digital platform, we serve customers worldwide across a variety of asset classes, including automotive, construction, commercial transportation, government surplus, lifting and material handling, energy, mining and agriculture. Our marketplace brands include Ritchie Bros., the world's largest auctioneer of commercial assets and vehicles offering online bidding, and IAA, a leading global digital marketplace connecting vehicle buyers and sellers. Our portfolio of brands also includes Rouse Services ( Rouse ), which provides complete end-to-end asset management and market data-driven intelligence; SmartEquip, an innovative technology platform that supports customers' management of the equipment lifecycle and integrates parts procurement with both original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and dealers; and VeriTread, an online marketplace for heavy haul transport. Our sectors are organized by asset class and include automotive, commercial, construction and transportation ( CC&T ), and other. Automotive includes automobiles, including passenger vehicles and buses. CC&T includes equipment needed for earth moving, lift and material handling, as well as vocational and commercial trucks and trailers. Other primarily includes assets and equipment in the agricultural, forestry and energy industries, government surplus assets, smaller consumer recreational transportation items and parts sold in our vehicle dismantling business until June 21, 2025, the date of its deconsolidation in connection with the LKQ SYNETIQ transaction described in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 4 Loss on Deconsolidation and Recognition of Equity Method Investment. Each respective sector includes salvage and non-salvage transactions. Our customers are primarily automobile insurance companies, end users, dealers, fleet owners, and OEMs of commercial assets and vehicles. We have a global presence, with operations primarily in the United States, Canada, Australia and across Europe, and employ approximately 8,000 full-time employees worldwide, of which approximately 68% are located in the United States. The Company is incorporated in Canada under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). Macroeconomic Conditions and Industry Trends Various macroeconomic conditions and trends, including inflationary pressures, actual or potential tariffs, and volatility in interest rates affect our business, GTV and operating costs. Our GTV is further influenced by unit volume growth and changes in average selling prices, which in part are driven by prevailing market conditions. CC&T Industry volumes are influenced by a broad range of factors, including macroeconomic conditions, demographic trends, government initiatives, and infrastructure investment. Structural shifts in the market such as the expansion of data centers, increased manufacturing activity, and re shoring efforts also play a significant role in shaping demand. During the fourth quarter, we observed early indications of improving seller confidence, supported by stabilizing values for used equipment, a more favorable interest rate environment, and continued strength in large-scale construction projects, including civil infrastructure and mega projects. Automotive Industry unit volume growth is influenced by both the total number of accidents and the proportion of those accidents classified as total losses. Accident frequency is primarily driven by the number of vehicles in operation and aggregate miles traveled. A substantial percentage of these accidents are insured, and insurer involvement plays an important role in determining whether a vehicle is deemed a total loss. At the same time, underinsured accidents can create headwinds for volumes, as insufficient coverage may delay or reduce total loss designations and thereby limit the flow of vehicles into salvage channels. Total loss determinations are shaped by several factors, including used vehicle pricing, vehicle age, design complexity, technology content, and repair costs. In 2025, the inflation differential between automotive repair costs and used vehicle prices continued to narrow, though it remains positive. This dynamic supports a higher percentage of total loss determinations relative to overall accidents, creating a favorable environment for salvage activity despite the moderating effect of underinsured incidents. RB Global, Inc. 4 Table of Contents Competition We encounter different competitors by region, sector, and service across the entire suite of solutions we offer to our partners and customers. Competition in our CC&T sector for transaction solutions is highly fragmented geographically and by transaction format. We compete for sellers against online and physical auctioneers, brokers, OEMs and equipment dealers offering trade-in services. Some of our customers, including large fleet owners, may seek private sales instead of third-party transaction solutions. The market is constantly evolving and subject to change driven by new and existing competitors and technology-enabled selling solutions for sellers. In the automotive sector, we provide services to the salvage and non-salvage segments; our sellers on the salvage segment are comprised of primarily insurance companies seeking transaction solutions for their damaged or low-value vehicles. We primarily compete with Copart, Inc. and several other independent used vehicle auction companies. In the non-salvage sale segment, we compete with Adesa, Manheim, ACV Auctions and other independent auctioneers offering online and live wholesale solutions. Our performance against service level agreements and gross returns to drive optimal net returns is critical to our success as we compete. Competitive Advantages Global platform: Our global platform allows us to connect buyers and sellers, offer insights and value-added services for commercial assets and vehicles through our omnichannel marketplace, both digitally and through our auction sites worldwide. We offer unmatched choice and flexibility, tailoring transaction solutions to suit our customers' diverse and changing needs. We also offer our customers a full spectrum of value-added services, such as transportation and logistics, appraisal, inspection, refurbishing, titling, loan payoff, and financial services. Trusted local customer relationships: Our sales teams act as trusted advisors in their long-standing customer relationships. We take a long-term view, offering clear transparent communication and unparalleled solutions to simplify our customers' experience and cultivate lasting partnerships. Data, insights and services: Rich data and analytics are a cornerstone to providing the best customer experience. We invest in data science to deliver asset value predictions, generate user leads, prioritize marketing investments, interpret price trends, and more. Proprietary machine vision technology combined with proprietary asset pricing models are used internally to set internal target values and optimize marketplace operations and externally to provide our customers with reliable asset values. In addition, Rouse is the leading provider of construction equipment rental benchmarks, and construction equipment valuations to lenders, rental companies, contractors, and dealers. Our business model is built upon an extensive data ecosystem, proprietary analytics, data science techniques, and trusted customer relationships rooted in service and confidentiality. Global presence: We achieve exceptional agility with our extensive global network, which enables us to be closer in proximity to our customers. This proximity helps minimize transportation costs and provides our customers with the choice of care, custody, and control of assets. Flexibility of yard space and teammates: Teammates working across different businesses and sectors can come together across multiple locations to meet our customers' needs when necessary. Specifically, in a catastrophic event impacting our automotive sector customers, we can increase the speed of our response and avoid incremental operating costs by leveraging all of our teammates and any unused capacity across our global network of locations. Global buyer base and demand engine: Our global presence and sophisticated approach to driving buyer demand allows us to generate deep pools of liquidity for transactions, enabling global market pricing for commercial assets and vehicle sellers and helping to deliver the best price realization. We serve customers in approximately 170 countries across a variety of sectors and continuously source and cultivate new buyers around the world. Brand: Our well-established brands are well recognized and have a loyal customer base. The Company's marketplace brands include Ritchie Bros., the world's largest auctioneer of commercial assets and vehicles, and IAA, a leading global digital marketplace connecting vehicle buyers and sellers. RB Global's portfolio of brands also includes Rouse, which provides complete end-to-end asset management and market data-driven intelligence, SmartEquip, an innovative technology platform that supports customers' management of the equipment lifecycle and integrates parts procurement with both OEMs and dealers and VeriTread, an online marketplace for heavy haul transport. Growth Strategy Our growth strategy is anchored in a commitment to put our partners and customers first and consistently exceed expectations. By delivering on this promise and maintaining operational excellence, we strengthen our position as a trusted global partner for insights, services, and transaction solutions. RB Global, Inc. 5 Table of Contents We see significant opportunities to increase transaction volumes and expand market share by creating a seamless and trusted experience for our sellers and buyers. Our strategy focuses on three key priorities: i. Deliver Premium Price Performance for assets transacted across our omnichannel marketplaces while effectively accommodating our partners' liquidity preferences. The key is to manage supply and create deep liquidity pools by expanding our global buyer base through harnessing technology to merchandise assets at scale and provide a diverse and thoughtfully selected range of assets to meet each buyer's unique needs. ii. Grow our enterprise partner base , which includes insurance companies in our automotive sector and large fleet owners in our CC&T sector. Our partners increasingly rely on our expertise to enhance their profitability by optimizing the lifecycle of the assets they transact through us. The more effectively we can communicate and demonstrate our value upstream from the transaction, the stronger our position will be to earn more transactions from partners and gain market share. iii. Focus on driving growth with our regional CC&T customers , comprised of small and mid-size businesses that highly value the personalized engagement and relationship with our sales territory managers. By leveraging the expertise of our sales team as trusted advisors, we are confident in our ability to strengthen these existing relationships and build new ones. As we optimize and expand our sales coverage, we are well-positioned to capture additional market share and deliver sustained growth. To execute this strategy, we are modernizing our technology capabilities, investing in talent development, and pursuing strategic acquisitions to broaden our capabilities and extend our market reach. Service Offerings We provide a global marketplace for our partners and customers to buy and sell a variety of asset classes by leveraging our proprietary transaction solutions, services and market insights. The table below outlines the various branded solutions we offer to help our partners and customers more efficiently manage their asset lifecycles and improve their return on investments. Solution Brand Description Transaction Solutions RB Auction Onsite and online marketplace for selling and buying used equipment J.M. Wood IronPlanet Online marketplace for selling and buying used equipment GovPlanet Online marketplace for the sale of government and military assets Marketplace-E Online marketplace with a fixed price format Boom & Bucket SalvageSale Full-service project management and salvage inventory support Ritchie Bros. Private Treaty Confidential, negotiated sale of large equipment IAA AuctionNow Global online auction bidding and buying solution that features inventory located at physical branches and offsite locations. IAA Buy Now Online buy now format available between scheduled auctions. IAA Custom Bid Bidding tool that provides buyers focused on recycling the ability to set pre-bids in an auction based on vehicle attributes IAA Timed Auctions Timed auction format that allows for competitive bidding and sale prior to a scheduled auction CSAToday Online portal that gives sellers the ability to manage their vehicle assets and monitor sales performance Financial Services Ritchie Bros. Financial Services Loan origination service that uses a brokerage model to match loan applicants with appropriate financial lending institutions Appraisal Services Rouse Appraisals Unbiased, certified appraisal services Inspection Services Ritchie Bros. Inspections Truck and heavy equipment inspections IAA Inspection Services Remote inspections and appraisals for salvage vehicles Listings Services Mascus Online equipment listing service, B2B dealer portal, and an online fixed price marketplace platform RB Global, Inc. 6 Table of Contents Solution Brand Description Refurbishing Services Ritchie Bros. Refurbishing Repair, paint, and other make-ready services Transportation Services Ritchie Bros. Logistics End-to-end transportation and customs clearance solution for sellers and buyers with shipping needs VeriTread Transport Online transportation marketplace, connecting shippers and carriers IAA Transport Integrated shipping solution allowing buyers to schedule shipment of vehicles during the checkout process IAA Tow App Mobile dispatch solution that assists the tow network Data Services Rouse The leading provider of construction equipment market intelligence IAA Vehicle Score A cutting-edge computer vision tool that assesses vehicle damage severity. Our automated Vehicle Score model provides fast and accurate ratings based on photos taken at vehicle check-in, saving time and money IAA Vehicle Value A predictive model that uses machine learning and data mining methods to create an accurate, unbiased vehicle value Parts Services SmartEquip Online marketplace connecting equipment owners with parts manufacturers Catastrophe Response Services Catastrophe (CAT) Services Industry-leading strategic catastrophe response service focused on real estate capacity, operational execution, transportation logistics and vehicle merchandising and selling Title Services IAA Title Services Full suite of title services that facilitate the title documentation, settlement and retrieval process IAA Loan Payoff Service that mitigates the time-consuming process of managing a total loss claim requiring loan payoff and title release Contract options We offer consignors several contract options to meet their individual needs and sale objectives for selling assets, which include: Straight commission contracts, where the consignor receives the gross proceeds from the sale less a pre-negotiated commission rate; Fixed fee commission contracts, where the consignor receives the gross proceeds from the sale less a fixed flat fee; and Guarantee contracts, where the consignor receives a guaranteed minimum amount plus an additional amount if proceeds exceed a specified level. Other value-added services We provide a wide array of value-added services to make the process of selling and buying equipment and vehicles convenient for our customers: Title search services, where registries are commercially available, to help ensure equipment sold through RB Global is free and clear of all liens and encumbrances (if we are not able to deliver clear title, we provide a full refund up to the purchase price to the buyer); Making equipment available for inspection, testing, and comparison by prospective buyers; Displaying high-quality, zoomable photographs of equipment on our website; Providing 360-degree video inspection technology to increase buyer confidence in equipment being purchased; Providing industry-leading professional equipment inspections and reports; Providing free detailed equipment information on our website for most equipment; Providing access to commercial transportation companies and customs brokerages through our logistical services; and Handling all pre-auction marketing, as well as collection and disbursement of proceeds. RB Global, Inc. 7 Table of Contents Intellectual Property We believe our intellectual property has significant value and is an important factor in marketing our organization, services, and website, as well as differentiating us from our competitors. We own or hold the rights to use valuable intellectual property such as trademarks, service marks, domain names and tradenames. We protect our intellectual property in Canada, the U.S., and internationally through federal, provincial, state, and common law rights, including registration of certain trademark and service marks for many of our brands, including our core brands. We also have secured patents for inventions and have registered our domain names. We rely on contractual restrictions and rights to protect certain of our proprietary rights in products and services. Effective protection of our intellectual property can be expensive to maintain and may require litigation. We must protect our intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights in many jurisdictions throughout the world. In addition, we may, from time to time, be subject to intellectual property claims, including allegations of infringement, which can be costly to defend. For a discussion of the risks involved with intellectual property litigation and enforcement of our intellectual property rights, see the related information in Part I, Item 1A: RISK FACTORS of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Sustainability In 2025, we continued to advance our sustainability framework, which guides our actions and drives our sustainability progress. We continue to work closely with our sustainability program stakeholders to ensure that our priorities remain aligned with our partners and our shared values. Please see our website for our latest sustainability reports and further details on our initiatives and accomplishments. The Company is regulated by federal, state, local, and international environmental laws governing the protection of the environment, health and safety, the use, transport and disposal of hazardous substances and control of emissions including greenhouse gases into the environment. Compliance with existing laws has not had a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings or global competitive position. However, climate- and weather-related initiatives and changing laws and regulations governing the environment may affect the supply of, the demand for, and the market values of equipment in the future. Our business enables a circular economy of vehicles and equipment. We engage our customers to optimize the use and efficiency of equipment, and to reuse, refurbish, and recycle before disposition, as extending the life of heavy equipment and vehicles is core to our business model. In 2025, we continued to evaluate our environmental impact. To support our reporting and take further meaningful action, we dedicated resources to build on our emissions inventory and partner with internal stakeholders throughout our business to formalize our methodology, obtain more primary data, integrate business systems, enhance estimations, review emissions sources, and implement new processes and tools to support data collection, review, monitoring and reporting. We also completed the implementation of a software solution to streamline and support our future reporting needs. As a result of our efforts, we have made significant improvements to our methodology, refining our calculation approaches to incorporate the use of primary data. We continue our commitment to environmental management by ensuring availability of treatment systems to manage wastewater, implementing an electronics recycling program to enhance waste management to decrease landfill impact, and continuing to utilize air filtration systems when necessary. Human Capital We employ approximately 8,000 full-time employees and approximately 700 part-time employees worldwide at December 31, 2025. Approximately 5,300 of our full-time employees work at our auction and branch sites to support our operations and solution services and approximately 1,400 full-time employees are focused on sales and solutions for our customers. We also periodically hire contractors as needed to support our auctions, various businesses, and other projects. RB Global, Inc. 8 Table of Contents Development and Engagement We believe that our people are our greatest asset, and are vested in employee learning and development. We have curated tools and resources and developed training programs to provide our leaders and employees with the skills to grow successfully. We continuously look for ways to create on-the-job learning opportunities so that our employees feel invested and engaged. Employees are involved in strategic initiatives and in finding ways to better serve our customers, and each other. In 2025, we launched the following development initiatives: We introduced a new year-end performance review process to better measure employee performance and foster meaningful development discussions We made strong investments in leadership development, such as the introduction of the Leadership Foundations Program for new managers, helping develop skills to inspire, delegate, and communicate effectively. We also launched a leadership development curriculum with monthly courses focused on self-awareness, trust-building, leading through change, and effective coaching, in addition to a new online learning program with resources targeted to continuously strengthen leadership capabilities. We improved salvage sale operations through targeted training and new tools that streamlined workflows, and equipped our field teams with the latest knowledge and resources needed to work confidently and effectively. We expanded Title University, a training program for our titling operations, by enhancing virtual training and improving performance tracking. Health & Safety Safety is a top priority at RB Global and core to who we are. Our objective is to keep our people healthy and safe to send everyone home, every day, the way they came to work. Our global Environmental, Health, Safety and Security ( EHSS ) team is focused on creating a unified approach to policies, procedures and best practices with the goal of keeping our teammates and customers safe and maintaining the highest level of environmental, health and safety standards. All new employees are required to complete safety onboarding training that captures our health and safety programs, our policy statement and provides an overview of our global EHSS policies and expectations. Our 2025 completion rate for the safety onboarding program was 97% (2024: 97%). We also have a risk management process to support our safety orientation programs and our health and safety commitment, which ensures that our employees are exposed to the lowest possible level of risk. Our risk management process is continuous and includes both a review of all incidents as they occur and an annual review of incidents from the prior year to identify trends and assess whether changes in our policies and procedures are required. In 2025, all auction sites completed monthly hazard assessments to identify risks and take the necessary corrective actions. In addition, we also require all of our global employees in operations to complete a mandatory annual safety training curriculum. We measure our Total Recordable Injury Rate ( TRIR ), which is the number of reportable incidences per 100 full-time workers during the year. Our annual TRIR goal is to be lower than the industrial average. TRIR for 2025 was 1.59 (2024: 1.78), which was below the industrial average. Ethical Conduct We are committed to a culture of excellence. We aim to build a community with strong values of responsibility and integrity, continue to invest in training and development, and to create an open environment where honest communications are the expectation not the exception. Our Code of Conduct contains guidelines for conducting business with the highest standards of ethical behavior, which is delivered through annual training to our employees. We also offer the RB Global Ethics Hotline, which is operated by an independent third-party and is always available from any location around the world, as a resource through which anonymous concerns can be raised. Governance We believe in doing the right thing for everyone involved in our business and seek to do business with third parties who follow the same core values. This is reflected in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. With the exception of our CEO, our Board of Directors consists of elected independent members. RB Global, Inc. 9 Table of Contents The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the Company's strategic approach to sustainability and, together with the Audit Committee, related public disclosures. The Committee also oversees the nomination and compensation of directors. The Audit Committee oversees our risk management processes, financial reporting, and matters related to legal and regulatory compliance, while our global Executive Leadership Team provides strategic direction and oversight of sustainability across key business functions. The Role of Technology Building a modern architecture on which we can scale and grow profitably is a core element of our growth strategy. The role of technology in our business continues to evolve and becomes increasingly important, as our sellers and buyers adopt mobile and online channels to complete their transactions and fulfill their business needs. We continue to invest in technologies to transition to a modern cloud-based architecture, driven by microservices that allow for agility, flexibility and scalability of our solutions. We remain focused on technology enablement to transform the way we leverage technology to drive future profitable growth. We are in the deployment phase of providing our customers with a modern unified payment system to process transaction solutions. We are also investing in the development of a new platform to unite our various auction platforms to provide greater stability and simplify our processes for buyers and sellers. Our new platform is designed to provide an updated modern design, improved search functions and navigation capabilities to make it easier for our customers to bid at our auctions and process their transactions. During 2025, we implemented a new digital payments platform and digital checkout system at Ritchie Bros. auction events in the United States and we plan to continue enhancing and deploying the platform to additional regions globally in 2026 and 2027. We will continue to evaluate, invest and evolve our products and capabilities based on the ongoing needs of our customers and partners. Our technology capabilities also deliver choices for our customers in the form of multiple channels for buyers and sellers, meeting customers asset management needs through information-rich software solutions and leveraging our rich data repository to drive strong sales and improved pricing decisions. We provide our customers with leading tools and capabilities to deliver full life-cycle asset management for used equipment and vehicles. Revenue Mix Our revenues are comprised of: Service revenue, including: i. Transactional seller revenues, which includes commissions and other fees earned from consignors to facilitate the sale of an asset such as inbound tow, liens search, title processing, online listing and inspection fees; ii. Transactional buyer revenues, which includes tiered buyer transaction and other fees earned from buyers to complete the purchase of an asset, such as title processing, late pick-up, platform registration and other administrative fees; and iii. Marketplace services revenues, which includes fees earned from various optional services provided to buyers, sellers, or other third parties, such as transportation, buyer towing, refurbishment, financing, parts procurement, data and appraisal, and other ancillary services. Inventory sales revenue, which consists of revenue relating to assets that are purchased by the Company and then resold. Our revenue can fluctuate significantly based on the mix of sales arrangements, which is driven by customer preferences. Completed straight commission, fixed commission or guarantee commission contracts result in the commission being recognized as service revenue based on a percentage of gross transaction value or based on a fixed value, while completed inventory contracts result in the full GTV of the assets sold being recorded as inventory sales revenue. As a result, a change in the revenue mix between service revenue and revenue from inventory sales can have a significant impact on our revenue growth percentages. Governmental Regulations and Environmental Laws Our operations are subject to a variety of federal, provincial, state and local laws, rules, and regulations throughout the world. Compliance with these regulations and laws requires human level awareness, performance and expertise, and investments in our enterprise management systems to facilitate efficient workflow, data tracking and auditing capabilities to measure compliance. We believe that we are compliant in all material respects with those laws, rules, and regulations that affect our business, and that such compliance does not impose a material impediment on our ability to conduct our business. RB Global, Inc. 10 Table of Contents We believe that, among other things, laws, rules, and regulations related to the following list of items affect our business: Imports and exports of commercial assets. Particularly, there are restrictions in the U.S. and Europe that may affect the ability of equipment owners to transport certain equipment between specified jurisdictions. Also, engine emission standards in some jurisdictions limit the operation of certain trucks and equipment in those regions. Development or expansion of auction sites. Such activities depend upon the receipt of required licenses, permits, and other governmental authorizations. We are also subject to various local zoning requirements pertaining to the location of our auction sites, which vary among jurisdictions. The use, storage, discharge, and disposal of environmentally sensitive materials. Under such laws, an owner or lessee of, or other person involved in, real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances located on or in, or emanating from, such property, as well as related costs of investigation and property damage. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or lessee or other person knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Worker health and safety, privacy of customer information, and the use, storage, discharge, and disposal of environmentally sensitive materials. The acquisition and sale of totaled and recovered theft vehicles are regulated by state or other local motor vehicle departments in each of the locations in which we operate. Some of the transport vehicles used at our marketplaces are regulated by the U.S. Department of Transportation or similar regulatory agencies in the other countries in which we operate. In many states and provinces, regulations require that a damaged and total loss vehicle be forever branded with a salvage notice in order to notify prospective purchasers of the vehicle s previous salvage status. Some state, provincial and local regulations limit who can purchase damaged and total loss vehicles, as well as determine whether a damaged and total loss vehicle can be sold as rebuildable or must be sold for parts or scrap only. We are subject to various local zoning requirements with regard to the location of our auction and storage facilities, which requirements vary from location to location. We are indirectly subject to the regulations of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 due to our vendor relationships with financial institutions. Available Information We file with the SEC reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Form 8-K, proxy materials and other filings required under the Exchange Act. Investors may access any materials we file with the SEC through the EDGAR database on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and others should note that we announce material financial information using our company website (https://rbglobal.com) and investor relations website (https://investor.rbglobal.com), which host our SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, and webcasts. Information about RB Global, Inc., its business, and its results of operations may also be announced by posts on LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/rb-global-inc). The information that we post on our LinkedIn page could be deemed to be material information. As a result, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in RB Global, Inc. to review the information that we post on our LinkedIn page. We are providing these website addresses solely for the information of investors, and the information on or accessible through our websites and social media channels is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Also available for investors in the Governance section of our investor relations website are the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for our directors, officers and employees ( Code of Conduct ), Board Mandate, Audit Committee Charter, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Shareholder Engagement Policy, Articles and By-laws, and Board Chair Role and Description. Additional information related to RB Global, Inc. is also available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. As a Business Corporations Act (Ontario) ( OBCA ) company with our principal place of business in Canada, U.S. civil liabilities may not be enforceable against us. Please see Part I, Item 1A. RISK FACTORS U.S. civil liabilities may not be enforceable against us, our directors, or our officers. RB Global, Inc. 11 Table of Contents ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider each of the risks described below before purchasing our common shares. The RISK FACTORS set forth below are not the only risks that may affect our business. Our business could also be affected by additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could materially suffer. As a result, the trading price of our common shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Information in this section may be considered forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of certain qualifications regarding such statements. Risks Related to Our Business Our business and operating results would be adversely affected due to the loss of one or more significant suppliers, a reduction in significant volume from suppliers, an adverse change in our supplier relationships, or a disruption to our supply of damaged, total loss and low-value vehicles. Our business depends on suppliers of damaged, total loss and low-value vehicles. Our vehicle suppliers include insurance companies, used-vehicle dealers, rental car and fleet lease companies, auto lenders and charitable organizations, among others. We have established long-term relationships with virtually all of the major automobile insurance companies. During fiscal year 2025, approximately 23% of our consolidated revenues were associated with vehicles supplied by the Company's three largest supplier customers. Our agreements with insurance company suppliers are generally subject to cancellation by either party upon 30 to 90 days notice. There can be no assurance that our existing agreements will not be canceled or that we will be able to enter into future agreements on favorable terms with these suppliers. We work to develop strong relationships with our suppliers to better understand their needs. From time to time, however, we may experience the loss of suppliers or a reduction in volume from suppliers, including top vehicle suppliers. If we lose one or more of our significant suppliers, or if one or more of our large suppliers were to significantly reduce volume for any reason or favor competitors or new entrants, we may not be successful in replacing such business and our profitability and operating results could be materially adversely affected. Generally, institutional and dealer suppliers make non-binding long-term commitments with us regarding consignment volumes. Changes in the consignment patterns of our key suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. There are many factors that can adversely affect volume from suppliers, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: A decrease in the number of vehicles in operation or miles driven; Mild weather conditions that cause fewer traffic accidents; Reduction of policy writing by insurance providers that would affect the number of claims over a period of time; Increases in fuel prices that could lead to a reduction in the miles driven per vehicle, which may reduce the accident rate; Changes in vehicle technology, an increase in autonomous vehicles and vehicles equipped with advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS); A decrease in the percentage of claims resulting in a total loss or elimination of automotive collision coverage by consumers; Delays or changes in state title processing; Government regulations on the standards for producing vehicles; and Changes in direct repair procedures that would reduce the number of newer, less damaged total loss vehicles, which tend to have higher salvage values. Furthermore, in periods when the supply of vehicles from the insurance sector declines, salvage operators have acquired and, in the future, may acquire vehicles on their own. Also, when used vehicle prices are high, used-vehicle dealers may retail more of their trade-in vehicles on their own rather than selling them at auction. If the supply or value of damaged, total loss and low-value vehicles coming to auction declines significantly, our revenues and profitability may be adversely affected. RB Global, Inc. 12 Table of Contents Our business and operating results would be adversely affected if we are unable to meet or exceed our buyer customers demand and expectations or due to a disruption in demand of damaged, total loss and low-value vehicles. We believe our future success depends in part on our ability to respond to changes in buyer requirements, our ability to meet service level expectations of both buyers and sellers and our ability to meet regulatory requirements for such customers. IAA s buyer customers include automotive body shops, rebuilders, used car dealers, automotive wholesalers, exporters, dismantlers, recyclers, brokers, and the general public, among others. We work to develop strong relationships and interactive dialogue with our customers to better understand current trends and customer needs. If we are not successful in meeting our customers expectations, our customer relationships could be negatively affected and result in a loss of future business, which would adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our market position and competitive advantage could be threatened by our competitors and/or disruptive new entrants. We face significant competition for the supply of damaged and total loss vehicles and the buyers of those vehicles. IAA s principal sources of competition historically have come from (1) direct competitors, (2) new entrants, including new vehicle remarketing venues, and (3) existing alternative vehicle remarketing venues, including used-vehicle auctions and certain salvage buyer groups. Due to the increasing use of the Internet and other technology as marketing and distribution channels, we may face increasing competition from online wholesale and retail marketplaces (generally without any meaningful physical presence) and from our own customers, including insurance companies, when they sell directly to end users through such platforms rather than remarket vehicles through our marketplaces. Increased competition could result in price reductions, reduced margins or loss of market share. Our future success also depends on our ability to respond to evolving industry trends, changes in customer requirements and new technologies. Some of IAA s competitors may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, may be able to respond more quickly to evolving industry dynamics and changes in customer requirements, or may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of new or emerging services and technologies. Our ability to successfully grow through investments in the area of emerging opportunities depends on many factors, including advancements in technology, regulatory changes and other factors that are difficult to predict, or that may significantly affect the future of electrification, autonomy, and mobility. If we are unable to compete successfully or to successfully adapt to industry changes, our business, revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected. If our facilities lack the capacity to accept additional vehicles, then our relationships with insurance companies or other vehicle suppliers could be adversely affected. Capacity at our facilities varies from period to period and by region as a result of various factors, including natural disasters. We may not be able to reach agreements to purchase or lease storage facilities in markets where we have limited available capacity, and zoning restrictions or difficulties obtaining use permits may limit our ability to expand our capacity through acquisitions of new land. If we fail to have sufficient capacity at one or more of our facilities, our relationships with insurance companies or other vehicle suppliers could be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We may be unable to keep existing facilities or open new facilities in desirable locations and on favorable terms, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Local land use and zoning regulations, environmental regulations and other regulatory requirements may impact our ability to find suitable locations and influence the cost of our operations. Most of IAA s salvage auction vehicle facilities are leased. The termination or expiration of leases at existing facilities may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close the facilities. If we determine to close a location, we may remain obligated under the applicable lease for the remaining lease term and may have to expense the unamortized portion of the right-of-use assets, in part or in full, as an impairment which may have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Also, if we are unable to maintain our existing facilities or open new facilities in desirable locations and on favorable terms, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Further, in an increasing number of markets where we experience significant capacity constraints together with pressing customer demand and a lack of viable alternatives for expansion due to zoning and land use restrictions, we may be required to purchase, lease or occupy industrial sites, which may contain significant environmental impacts. RB Global, Inc. 13 Table of Contents In addition, some of the facilities on which we operate are impacted by significant recognized environmental concerns and pollution conditions. IAA has incurred, and we may in the future incur, expenditures relating to compliance and risk mitigation efforts, releases of hazardous materials, investigative, remedial or corrective actions, claims by third parties and other environmental issues, and such expenditures, individually or in the aggregate, could be significant. Federal and state environmental authorities have investigated IAA s role in contributing to contamination at the Lower Duwamish Waterway Superfund Site in Seattle, Washington and the role of one of IAA s subsidiaries in contributing to the Pyrite Canyon Plume in Jurupa Valley, California. Our potential liability at these sites cannot be estimated at this time. Macroeconomic factors, including high fuel prices, high labor costs, inflation, tariffs and changes in used car prices, may have an adverse effect on our revenues and operating results. Macroeconomic factors that affect oil prices and the vehicle and commodity markets can have adverse effects on our revenue and operating results. Significant increases in the cost of fuel, whether due to inflationary pressures, including as a result of tariffs, or otherwise, could lead to a reduction in miles driven per car and a reduction in accident rates. A material reduction in accident rates, whether due to a reduction in miles driven or other factors, could reduce our vehicle assignment volumes, which in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our revenues. In addition, significant increases in the cost of fuel have resulted and could continue to result in an increase in the prices charged to us by our independent subhaulers and trucking fleet operators. Further, we have recently experienced labor shortages, which have resulted in an increase in associated costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wages to attract and retain employees. If these conditions or other inflationary pressures, including as a result of tariffs, continue, our costs for towing and branch labor may continue to rise. To the extent we are unable to pass these costs on to our customers, the increase in prices charged by our independent subhaulers and trucking fleet operators and the increase in labor costs could negatively impact our profitability. Volatility in salvage car prices could have a material adverse effect on our revenues in future periods. Adverse economic conditions, including increases in interest rates and lease rates, real estate values and real estate development and construction costs, may increase the costs required to invest in capacity expansion or delay our ability to open new facilities, both of which could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Reliance on our subhaulers and trucking fleet operations could materially and adversely affect our business and reputation. We rely on independent subhaulers and trucking fleet operations to pick up and deliver vehicles to and from our auction facilities. Consistent with the economy generally, we have recently experienced a shortage of towers and haulers, which has resulted in an increase in costs charged to us by towers and subhaulers for these services, and we cannot provide assurances that towers and subhaulers will be available in a timely manner to pick up and deliver vehicles. Failure to pick up and deliver vehicles in a timely manner could harm our brand and reputation, and adversely impact our overall business and results of operations. Further, an increase in fuel cost may lead to increased prices charged by our independent subhaulers and trucking fleet operators, which may significantly increase our cost. We may not be able to pass these costs on to our suppliers or buyers. We are also exposed to risks associated with inclement weather, disruptions in the transportation infrastructure and increase in the price of fuel, any of which could increase our operating costs. If we experience problems or are unable to negotiate or obtain favorable terms with our subhaulers, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Weather-related and other events beyond our control may adversely impact operations. Extreme weather or other events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, forest fires, floods, global pandemics or other health crises, terrorist attacks or war, may adversely affect the overall economic environment, the markets in which we compete, and our operations and profitability. These events, which may increase in frequency and magnitude as a result of climate- and weather-related changes, may impact our physical auction facilities, causing a material increase in costs, or delays or cancellation of auction sales, which could have a material adverse impact on our revenues and profitability. In some instances, for example with the severe storm in September 2022 known as Hurricane Ian , these events may result in a sharp influx in the available supply of damaged and total loss vehicles and there can be no assurance that our business will have sufficient resources to handle such extreme increases in supply. Our failure to meet our customers demands in such situations could negatively affect our relationships with such customers and result in a loss of future business, which would adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. In addition, revenues generated as a result of the total loss of vehicles associated with such a catastrophe are typically recognized subsequent to the incurrence of incremental costs and such revenues may not be sufficient to offset the costs incurred. RB Global, Inc. 14 Table of Contents Mild weather conditions tend to result in a decrease in the available supply of damaged and total loss vehicles because traffic accidents decrease, and fewer vehicles are damaged. Accordingly, mild weather can have an adverse effect on our damaged and total loss vehicle inventories, which would be expected to have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating results and related growth rates. An increase in the number of damaged and total loss vehicles we purchase could adversely affect our profitability. In certain countries, the salvage market typically operates on a principal basis, in which a vehicle is purchased and then resold, rather than on an agent basis, in which the auction acts as a sales agent for the owner of the vehicle. Operating on a principal basis exposes us to inventory risks, including losses from theft, damage and obsolescence. If we purchase vehicles, the increased costs associated with acquiring the vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our gross profit margin and operating results. Vehicles sold under purchase agreements were approximately 2.7% of IAA s vehicles sold both domestically and internationally for fiscal year 2025. In addition, when vehicles are purchased, we are subject to changes in vehicle values, such as those caused by changes in commodity prices or changes in used car prices. Decreases in commodity prices, such as steel and platinum, may negatively affect vehicle values and demand at auctions. In addition, declines in used car prices, especially if they occur faster than anticipated, can lead to a significant gap between pre-accident value and sales price. A significant change in used-vehicle prices could impact the proceeds and revenue from the sale of damaged and total loss vehicles. The volume of new vehicle production, accuracy of lease residual estimates, interest rate fluctuations, customer demand and changes in regulations, among other things, all potentially affect the pricing of used vehicles. A sustained reduction in used-vehicle pricing could result in lower proceeds from the sale of damaged and total loss vehicles and a related reduction in revenue per vehicle, a potential loss of consignors and decreased profitability. Conversely, when used vehicle prices are high, used-vehicle dealers may retail more of their trade-in vehicles on their own rather than selling them at auction, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. IAA assumes the settlement risk for vehicles sold through its marketplaces. Typically, following the sale of a vehicle, IAA does not release the vehicle to a buyer until such time as it has received full payment for the vehicle. We may be obligated, however, to remit payment to a seller before receiving payment from a buyer and in those circumstances, we may not have recourse against sellers for any buyer s failure to satisfy its payment obligations. Because we retain possession of the vehicle, we can resell the vehicle to mitigate any potential losses. Since revenue for most vehicles does not include the gross sales proceeds, failure to collect the receivables in full may result in a net loss up to the amount of gross sales proceeds on a per vehicle basis in addition to any expenses incurred to collect the receivables and to provide the services associated with the vehicle. If we are unable to collect payments on a large number of vehicles and we are unable to resell them and recover our costs, the resulting payment obligations to the seller and decreased fee revenues may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in laws affecting the import and export of damaged and total loss vehicles may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Changes in laws, regulations and treaties that restrict the importation of damaged and total loss vehicles into foreign countries may reduce the demand for damaged and total loss vehicles and impact our ability to maintain or increase IAA s international buyer base. The adoption of such laws or regulations in other jurisdictions that have the effect of reducing or curtailing our activities abroad could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition by reducing the demand for our products and services. We are subject to potential liabilities with respect to IAA s prior separation from KAR Auction Services, Inc. On February 27, 2018, KAR Auction Services, Inc. ( KAR ) announced a plan to pursue the separation and spin-off (the Separation ) of IAA (its salvage auction services business) into a separate public company. On June 28, 2019, KAR completed the distribution of 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of IAA to the holders of record of KAR s common stock on June 18, 2019, on a pro rata basis (the Distribution ). Under the terms of the Separation and Distribution, each of IAA and KAR is required to indemnify the other party from and with respect to certain liabilities. IAA s and KAR s ability to satisfy these indemnities, if called upon to do so, will depend respectively upon our and KAR s future financial strength. If we are required to indemnify KAR, or if we are not able to collect on indemnification rights from KAR, our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. RB Global, Inc. 15 Table of Contents We may not realize the anticipated benefits of, and synergies from, acquisitions and may become responsible for certain liabilities and integration costs as a result. We have acquired, and may continue to acquire, businesses that have previously operated independently from us. The integration of our operations with those of acquired businesses, including J.M. Wood, is intended to result in financial and operational benefits, including certain tax and run-rate synergies. There can be no assurance, however, regarding when or the extent to which we will be able to realize these and other benefits. Integration may also be difficult, unpredictable and subject to delay because of possible company culture conflicts and different opinions on future business development. We may be required to integrate or, in some cases, replace, numerous systems, including those involving management information, purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, billing, employee benefits, payroll and regulatory compliance, many of which may be dissimilar. Difficulties associated with the integration of acquired businesses could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, in connection with acquisitions, we have assumed, and may assume in connection with future acquisitions, certain potential liabilities. To the extent such liabilities are not identified by us or to the extent indemnifications obtained from third parties are insufficient to cover such liabilities, these liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. Damage to our reputation could harm our business. One of our founding principles is that we operate a fair and transparent business, and consistently act with integrity. Maintaining a positive reputation is key to our ability to attract and maintain customers, investors and employees. Damage to our reputation could cause significant harm to our business. Harm to our reputation could arise in a number of ways, including, but not limited to, employee conduct which is not aligned with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (and associated Company policies around behavioral expectations) or our Company s core values, safety incidents, failure to maintain customer service standards, loss of trust in the fairness of our sales processes, the types of assets that we choose or are obligated to sell, and other technology or compliance failures. We may incur losses as a result of our guarantee and inventory contracts and advances to consignors. Our most common type of auction contract is a straight commission contract, under which we earn a pre-negotiated, fixed commission rate on the gross sales price of the consigned equipment at auction. We use straight commission contracts when we act as agent for consignors. In recent years, a majority of our annual business has been conducted on a straight commission basis. In certain other situations, we will enter into underwritten transactions and either offer to (a) guarantee a minimum level of sale proceeds to the consignor, regardless of the ultimate selling price of the consignment; or (b) purchase the equipment outright from the seller for sale through one of our sales channels. We determine the level of guaranteed proceeds or inventory purchase price based on appraisals performed on equipment by our internal personnel. Inaccurate appraisals could result in guarantees or inventory values that exceed the realizable auction proceeds. In addition, a change in market values could also result in guarantee or inventory values exceeding the realizable auction proceeds. If auction proceeds are less than the guaranteed amount, our commission will be reduced, and we could potentially incur a loss, and, if auction proceeds are less than the purchase price, we paid for equipment that we take into inventory temporarily, we will incur a loss. Because a majority of our auctions are unreserved, there is no way for us to protect against these types of losses by bidding on or acquiring any of the items at such auctions. In addition, we do not hold inventory indefinitely waiting for market conditions to improve. If our exposure to underwritten contracts increases, this risk would be compounded. Occasionally, we advance to consignors a portion of the estimated auction proceeds prior to the auction. We generally make these advances only after taking possession of the assets to be auctioned and upon receipt of a security interest in the assets to secure the obligation. If we were unable to auction the assets or if auction proceeds were less than amounts advanced, we could incur a loss. Additionally, we have two vendor contracts with the U.S. Government s Defense Logistics Agency ( DLA ) pursuant to which we acquire, manage and resell certain assets of the DLA. Each of the DLA contracts obliges the Company to purchase rolling and non-rolling stock assets in an amount and of a type over which we have limited ability to control. In many cases, the type of assets purchased are not what we typically sell through any of our other channels. Although the prices we pay for the non-rolling stock inventory are a fraction of the original acquisition value, we may not have the ability to attract buyers for those assets and we may be unable to sell those assets on a timely basis or at all. This would have an adverse effect on our financial results. RB Global, Inc. 16 Table of Contents The availability and performance of our IT systems and infrastructure is critical to our business and continued growth. The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our websites, online bidding service, auction management systems, enterprise resource planning systems, transaction processing systems, network infrastructure and customer relationship management systems are important to our reputation, our business and our continued growth. We currently rely on our own proprietary systems, licensed on-premise systems, and third-party cloud computing applications and infrastructure located in the United States and other countries. The systems and infrastructure we rely on may experience service interruptions or degradation because of hardware or software defects or malfunctions, denial of service or ransomware attacks and other cybersecurity events, human error and natural events beyond our control. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks. Additionally, as part of our management of these IT resources, we integrate, make updates to or initiate other types of changes to our systems and infrastructure to address ongoing availability and performance concerns or to improve the same, and the risk of disruption is increased when such changes are undertaken. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our recovery planning may not be sufficient for all possible disruptions. Further, the access to and use of needed hardware and software, including cloud computing resources, may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any loss of the right to access or use any of these components and resources, the degraded performance, or loss of the functionality, of our systems, or a failure to timely or successfully integrate and update our systems or infrastructure, could mean a failure to realize cost savings or operational benefits anticipated to be derived from an IT initiative, significantly increase our expenses, damage our reputation and otherwise result in delays in providing our services. Our business and results of operations would be particularly harmed if, for any reason, access to our online bidding service was lost or its functionality degraded. Consumer behavior is rapidly changing, and if we are unable to successfully adapt to consumer preferences and develop and maintain a relevant and reliable inventory management and multichannel disposition experience for our customers, our financial performance and brand image could be adversely affected. Our business continues to evolve into a one-stop inventory management and multichannel disposition company where customers can buy, sell, or list equipment, when, how, and where they choose- both onsite and online, and manage their existing fleets and/or inventory using our online inventory management tools. As a result of this evolution, increasingly we interact with our customers across a variety of different channels, including live auction, online, through mobile technologies, including the mobile apps, social media, and inventory management systems. Our customers are increasingly using tablets and mobile phones to make purchases online and to get detailed equipment information for assets that they own or are interested in purchasing. Our customers also engage with us online, including through social media, by providing feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. Shopping patterns are rapidly changing, and our success depends on our ability to anticipate and implement innovations in customer experience and logistics in order to appeal to customers who increasingly rely on multiple channels to meet their equipment management and disposition needs. Our ability to provide a high quality and efficient customer experience is also dependent on external factors over which we may have little or no control, including, without limitation, the reliability and performance of the equipment sold in our marketplaces and the performance of third-party carriers who transport purchased equipment on behalf of buyers. If for any reason we are unable to implement our inventory management, data solutions, bidding tools and other multichannel initiatives, provide a convenient and consistent experience for our customers across all channels, or provide our customers the services they want, when and where they want them at a compelling value proposition, then our financial performance and brand image could be adversely affected. We rely on data provided by third parties, the loss of which could limit the functionality of certain of our platforms and disrupt our business. Our analytics teams rely on asset, pricing and other data, including personal data, provided to us by our customers and other third parties. Some of this data is provided to us pursuant to third-party data sharing policies and terms of use, under data sharing agreements by third-party providers or by customers with consent. Any of these parties could change their data sharing policies and terms of use, including by making them more restrictive, terminating or not renewing agreements, or, customers could revoke their consent, any of which could result in the loss of, or significant impairment to, our ability to collect and provide useful data or related services to our customers. These third parties could also interpret our data collection and use policies or practices as being inconsistent with their policies or business objectives or lose confidence in our data protection and privacy practices, which could result in the loss of our ability to collect this data. Any such changes could impair our ability to deliver our analytics service to our customers in the manner currently anticipated or at all, impairing the return on investment that our customers derive from using our analytics platform and related products, as well as adversely affecting our business and our ability to generate revenue. RB Global, Inc. 17 Table of Contents Government regulation of the digital landscape is evolving, and unfavorable regulations could substantially harm our business and results of operations. We are subject to federal, provincial, state and local laws, rules and regulations governing digital commerce and online services. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of digital commerce or other services, in particular online marketplace services, and increase the cost of doing business, including providing online disposition services. These regulations and laws may cover taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, machine learning and automated decision making, pricing, transaction processing, content, intellectual property rights, electronic contracts, digital marketing communications, consumer protection, and the characteristics and quality of our disposition services. It is not always clear how existing laws governing issues such as property transfers, digital, sales and similar taxes, intellectual property rights, and user privacy and data protection apply to digital commerce and online services. Changes to laws, rules and regulations and unfavorable resolution of these issues may harm our business and results of operations. If our ability, or the ability of our third-party service partners, cloud computing providers or third-party data center hosting facilities, to safeguard the reliability, integrity and confidentiality of our and their IT systems is compromised, if unauthorized access is obtained to our systems or customers , suppliers', counterparties' and employees' confidential information, or if authorized access is blocked or disabled, we may incur material reputational harm, legal exposure, or a negative financial impact. We rely on IT resources to manage and operate our business, including maintaining proprietary databases containing sensitive and confidential information about our customers, suppliers, counterparties and employees (which may include personal information and credit information) and utilizing approved third-party technology providers to support the management and operation of IT systems and infrastructure. The malicious tools and techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or impair IT systems and devices and the data processed thereby evolve frequently in terms of attack vectors and sophistication and we may not be able to anticipate these vectors or to timely implement adequate preventative and protective measures. Unauthorized parties have and may in the future attempt to gain access to our and our providers primary and backup systems or facilities through various means, including hacking into IT systems or facilities, fraud, trickery or other means of deceiving our and their employees or contractors. Ransomware attacks are increasingly prevalent and severe, and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational loss, and diversion of funds. Further, breaches experienced by other companies may also be leveraged against us and sophisticated actors can mask their attacks, making them increasingly difficult to identify and prevent. There can be no assurance that impacts from these incidents will not be material or significant in the future. In addition, our limited control over our customers may affect the security and integrity of our IT sys
