. RISK FACTORS The RISK FACTORS set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. There may be additional risks that we consider not to be material, or which are not known, and any of these risks could affect our operations. The ordering of the RISK FACTORS set forth below is not intended to reflect a risk's potential likelihood or magnitude. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements. Macroeconomic, Business, Market and Operational Risks Adverse economic or other conditions could reduce the demand for cruises and passenger spending, adversely impacting our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including impairing the value of our goodwill, ships, trademarks and other assets and potentially affecting other critical accounting estimates where the impact may be material to our operating results. Demand for cruises is affected by international, national, and local economic conditions. Weak or uncertain economic conditions may impact consumer confidence and pose a risk as vacationers postpone or reduce discretionary spending. This, in turn, may result in cruise booking slowdowns, decreased cruise prices and lower onboard revenues. Given the global nature of our business, we are exposed to many different economies, and our business could be negatively impacted by challenging conditions in any of the markets in which we operate, and/or related reactions by our competitors in such markets. Our operating costs could increase due to market forces and economic or geopolitical factors beyond our control. Our operating costs, including fuel, food, payroll and benefits, airfare, taxes, insurance, and security costs, can be and have been subject to increases due to market forces and economic or geopolitical conditions or other factors beyond our control, including global inflationary pressures. Increases in these operating costs could adversely affect our future profitability. Price increases for commercial airline services for our guests or major changes or reduction in commercial airline services and/or availability could adversely impact the demand for cruises and undermine our ability to provide reasonably priced vacation packages to our guests. Many of our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to or from the ports where our cruises embark or disembark. Increases in the price of airfare would increase the overall price of the cruise vacation to our guests, which may adversely impact demand for our cruises. In addition, changes in the availability and/or regulations governing commercial airline services could adversely affect our guests ability to obtain air travel, as well as our ability to transfer our guests to or from our cruise ships, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Terrorist attacks, war, and other similar events could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We are susceptible to a wide range of adverse events, including terrorist attacks, war, conflicts, civil unrest and other hostilities. The occurrence of these events or an escalation in the frequency or severity of them, and the resulting political instability, travel restrictions and advisories and concerns over safety and security aspects of traveling or the fear of any of the foregoing, have had, and could have in the future, a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry. These events could also result in additional security measures taken by local authorities which have, and may in the future, impact access to ports and/or destinations. In addition, such events have led, and could lead, to disruptions, instability and volatility in global markets, supply chains and industries, increased operating costs, such as fuel and food, and disruptions affecting our newbuild construction and fleet modernization efforts, any of which could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Further, such events could have the effect of heightening the other risks we have described in this report, any of which also could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Disease outbreaks or an increase in concern about the risk of illness could adversely impact our business and results of operations, and may cause significant disruptions, create new risks, and exacerbate existing risks. Disease outbreaks and increased concern related to illness when traveling to, from, and on our ships, could cause a decrease in demand for cruises, guest cancellations, travel restrictions, an unavailability of ports and/or destinations, cruise cancellations, ship redeployments and an inability to source our crew, provisions or supplies from certain places. In addition, we may be subject to consumer perception that cruises are more susceptible than other vacation alternatives to the spread of infectious diseases. In response to disease outbreaks, our industry, including our passengers and crew, may be subject to enhanced health and safety requirements in the future which may be costly and take a significant amount of time to implement across our fleet. For example, local governments may establish their own set of rules for self-quarantines and/or require proof of individuals' health status or vaccination prior to or upon visiting. Based on our assessment of these requirements and recommendations, or for other reasons, we may determine it necessary to cancel or modify certain of our Global Brands cruise sailings. The impact of any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, any operating or health protocols that we may develop or that may be required by law in the future in response to infectious diseases may be costly to develop and difficult to implement and may be less effective than we expected in reducing the risk of infection and spread of such disease on our cruise ships, all of which will negatively impact our operations and expose us to reputational and legal risks. Incidents on ships, at port facilities, land destinations and/or affecting the cruise vacation industry in general, and the associated negative media coverage and publicity, have affected and could continue to affect our reputation and impact our sales and results of operations. Cruise ships, private destinations, port facilities and shore excursions operated and/or offered by us and third parties may be susceptible to the risk of accidents, illnesses, mechanical failures, environmental incidents, inappropriate crew or passenger behavior, and other incidents which could bring into question safety, health, security and vacation satisfaction of our guests and negatively impact our sales, operations and reputation. Incidents involving cruise ships, and, in particular the safety, health and security of guests and crew and the media coverage thereof, have impacted and could impact demand for our cruises and pricing in the industry. In particular, we cannot predict the impact on our financial performance and the public s concern regarding the health and safety of travel, especially by cruise ship, and related decreases in demand for travel and cruising. Moreover, our ability to attract and retain guests and crew depends, in part, upon the perception and reputation of our company and our brands and the public s concerns regarding the health and safety of travel generally, as well as regarding the cruising industry and our ships specifically. Our reputation and our business could also be damaged by continued or additional negative publicity regarding the cruise industry in general, including publicity regarding the spread of contagious disease, over-tourism in key ports and destinations and the potentially adverse environmental impacts of cruising. The considerable expansion in the use of social and digital media has compounded the potential scope and reach of any negative publicity. In addition, incidents involving cruise ships may result in additional costs to our business, increasing government or other regulatory oversight and, in certain cases, potential litigation. Significant weather, climate events and/or natural disasters could adversely impact our business and results of operations. Natural disasters (e.g., earthquakes, volcanos, wildfires), weather and/or climate events (including hurricanes and typhoons) could impact our source markets and operations resulting in travel restrictions, guest cancellations, an inability to source our crew or our provisions and supplies from certain places. We may be required to alter itineraries and cancel a cruise or a series of cruises or to redeploy our ships due to these types of events, which could have an adverse effect on our sales, operating costs and profitability in the current and future periods. Increases in the frequency, severity or duration of these types of events would exacerbate their impact and could disrupt our operations or make certain destinations less desirable or unavailable impacting our revenues and profitability further. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and on industry performance. Our sustainability activities, including initiatives to sustain our planet, energize communities and accelerate innovation, could result in reputational risks, increased costs and other risks. Customers, investors, lenders, regulators and other industry stakeholders have placed increasing importance on responsible and sustainable corporate practices and on the implications and social cost of their investments, which could cause us to incur additional costs and changes to our operations. If our practices or disclosures do not meet stakeholders' evolving expectations and standards, our customer and employee retention, our access to certain types of capital, including export credit financing, and our brands and reputation may be negatively impacted, which could affect our business operations and financial condition. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report and comply with various sustainability activities, which could increase our operating costs and affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, from time to time, we communicate certain initiatives regarding climate change and other sustainability activities. We could fail or be perceived to fail to achieve such initiatives, which may negatively affect our reputation. The future adoption of new technology or processes to achieve the initiatives could also result in the impairment of existing assets. Our reliance on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to implement our newbuild and ship upgrade programs and to repair and maintain our ships exposes us to risks which could adversely impact our business. We rely on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to effectively construct our new ships and to repair, maintain, and upgrade our existing ships on a timely basis and in a cost effective manner. There are a limited number of shipyards with the capability and capacity to build, repair, maintain and/or upgrade our ships. As such, any disruptions affecting the shipyard supply chain will adversely impact our business as there are limited substitutes. In addition, suspensions and/or slowdowns of work at shipyards, have impacted and could continue to impact our ability to construct new ships as planned, our ability to timely and cost-effectively procure new capacity, and our ability to execute scheduled drydocks and/or fleet modernizations. Building, repairing, maintaining and/or upgrading a ship is sophisticated work that involves significant risks. Material increases in commodity and raw material prices, and other cost pressures impacting the construction of a new ship, such as the cost or availability of labor and financing, could adversely impact the shipyard s ability to build the ship on a cost-effective basis. We may be impacted if shipyards, their subcontractors, and/or our suppliers encounter "force majeure events", insolvencies or other financial difficulties, supply chain, technical or design problems when building or repairing a ship. These problems have impacted and may in the future impact the timely delivery or cost of new ships or the ability of shipyards to repair and upgrade our fleet in accordance with our needs or expectations. In addition, mechanical faults and/or unforeseen incidents may result in cancellation of cruises or delays of new ship orders or necessitate unscheduled drydocks. Such events could result in lost revenue, increased operating expenses, or both, and thus adversely affect our results of operations. An increase in capacity worldwide or excess capacity in a particular market could adversely impact our cruise sales and/or pricing. Although our ships can be redeployed, cruise sales and/or pricing may be impacted by the introduction of new ships into the marketplace, reductions in cruise capacity, overall market growth and deployment decisions of ourselves and our competitors. As of December 31, 2025, a total of 47 new ships with approximately 113,000 berths were on order for delivery through 2029 in the cruise industry, including twelve ships currently scheduled to be delivered to our Global and Partner Brands. The further net growth in capacity from these new ships and future orders, without an increase in the cruise industry s demand and/or share of the vacation market, could depress cruise prices and impede our ability to achieve yield improvement. In addition, to the extent that we or our competitors deploy ships to a particular itinerary/region and the resulting capacity in that region exceeds the demand, it may negatively affect our pricing and profitability. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets. Unavailability of ports of call may adversely affect our results of operations. We believe that port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. The availability of ports and destinations is affected by a number of factors, including industry demand and competition for key ports and destinations, existing capacity constraints, constraints related to the size of certain ships, security, financial limitations on port development, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, geopolitical developments, local governmental regulations, environmental regulations, and governmental response to disease outbreaks. Higher fuel costs also may adversely impact the destinations on certain of our itineraries as they become too costly to include. In addition, certain ports and destinations have faced a surge of both cruise and non-cruise tourism which, in certain cases, has fueled anti-tourism sentiments and related countermeasures to limit the volume of tourists allowed in these destinations. In certain destinations, countermeasures to limit the volume of tourists have been contemplated and/or put into effect, including proposed limits on cruise ships and cruise passengers, which could limit the itinerary and destination options we can offer our passengers going forward. Increased demand and competition for key ports of call or destinations, limitations on the availability or feasibility of use of specific ports of call and/or constraints on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports or destinations could adversely affect our operations and financial results. We may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market. We operate in the vacation market and cruising is one of many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. We, therefore, risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to other vacation operators, which provide other leisure options, including hotels, resorts (including all-inclusive resorts), internet-based alternative lodging sites, theme parks, sightseeing destinations, package holidays and tours. We also face competition from other cruise lines on the basis of cruise pricing, travel advisor preference and also in terms of the nature of ships, services and destinations that we offer to guests. Our revenues are sensitive to the actions of other cruise lines in many areas including pricing, scheduling, capacity and promotions, which can have a substantial adverse impact not only on our revenues, but also on overall industry revenues. In the event that we do not effectively market or differentiate our cruise brands from our competitors or otherwise compete effectively with other vacation alternatives, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. If we are unable to appropriately manage our cost and capital allocation strategies with our goal of satisfying guest expectations, it may adversely impact our business success. We strive to provide high quality products and deliver high quality services. There can be no assurance that we can successfully balance these goals with our cost management and capital allocation strategies. Our business also requires us to make capital allocation decisions across a broad scope of investment options with varying return profiles and time horizons for value realization. These include significant capital investment decisions such as ordering new ships, upgrading our existing fleet, enhancing our technology and/or data capabilities and expanding our portfolio of land-based assets, based on expected market preferences, competition and projected demand. There can be no assurance that our strategies will be successful, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Investments in older tonnage, in particular, run the risk of not meeting expected returns and diluting related asset values. Our expansion into new markets and investments in new ventures and land-based destination projects may not be successful. We opportunistically seek to grow our business through, among other things, expansion into new destinations or source markets and establishment of new ventures complementary to our current offerings. We have also invested, and may in the future continue to opportunistically invest, either directly or indirectly through joint ventures and partnerships, in a growing portfolio of key land-based projects, including port and terminal facilities and private destination projects in several jurisdictions such as Mexico and the Bahamas. These projects increase the complexity of our business and require significant levels of investment to develop. In addition, we face greater exposure to certain key risks depending on the scope, location, and the ownership and management structure of these projects. Development activities may be delayed or adversely affected by construction challenges, supply chain disruptions, weather events, labor availability, environmental or site-specific conditions, and delays in obtaining or maintaining permits, any of which could adversely affect our ability to complete our projects as planned. We may also face opposition or challenges from non-governmental organizations (NGOs), community groups, or other stakeholders, including claims related to environmental impact, cultural heritage, or land use. Such challenges may result in litigation, administrative proceedings, reputational harm, or additional compliance costs. Once operational, these projects are also subject to ongoing regulatory, labor and political risks in foreign jurisdictions, including changes in government policies, tax or regulatory regimes, any of which could disrupt operations or increase costs. These projects can also strain our management, personnel, operations and systems. There can be no assurance that these business expansion efforts will develop as anticipated or that we will succeed, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment and otherwise may experience an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our reliance on travel advisors to sell and market our cruises exposes us to certain risks which could adversely impact our business. We rely on travel advisors to generate bookings for our global brands. Accordingly, we must maintain competitive commission rates and incentive structures. If we fail to offer competitive compensation packages or fail to maintain our relationships, these agencies may be incentivized to sell cruises offered by our competitors, which could adversely impact our operating results. Our reliance on third-party sellers is particularly pronounced in certain markets. In addition, the travel advisor community is sensitive to economic conditions that impact discretionary income of consumers. Significant disruptions or contractions in the industry could reduce the number of travel advisors available for us to market and sell our cruises, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Business activities that involve our co-investments with third parties may subject us to additional risks. Partnerships, joint ventures and other business structures involving our co-investments with third parties generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create additional risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations or could have or develop business interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. In addition to financial risks, our co-investment activities have also presented managerial and operational risks and expose us to reputational or legal concerns. These or other issues related to our co-investments with third parties could adversely impact our operations or liquidity. Further, due to the arrangements we have in place with our partners in these ventures, we are limited in our ability to control the strategy of these ventures, or their use of capital and other key factors to their results of operation, which could adversely affect our investments and impact our results of operations. Past or potential acquisitions that we may decide to pursue in the future carry inherent risks which could adversely impact our financial performance and condition. The Company, from time to time, has engaged in acquisitions and may pursue acquisitions in the future, which are subject to, among other factors, the Company s ability to identify attractive business opportunities and to negotiate favorable terms for such opportunities. Accordingly, the Company cannot make any assurances that potential acquisitions will be completed timely or at all, or that if completed, we would realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. Acquisitions also carry inherent risks such as, among others: (i) the potential delay or failure of our efforts to successfully integrate business processes and realizing expected synergies; (ii) difficulty in aligning procedures, controls and/or policies; and (iii) future unknown liabilities and costs that may be associated with an acquisition. In addition, acquisitions may adversely impact our liquidity and/or debt levels, and the recognized value of goodwill and other intangible assets can be negatively affected by unforeseen events and/or circumstances, which may result in an impairment charge. Any of the foregoing events could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We rely on supply chain vendors and third-party service providers who are integral to the operations of our businesses. These vendors and service providers may be unable or unwilling to deliver on their commitments or may act in ways that could harm our business. We rely on supply chain vendors to deliver key products to the operations of our businesses around the world. Any event impacting a vendor s ability to deliver goods of the expected quality at the location and time needed could negatively impact our ability to deliver our cruise experience. Events impacting our supply chain could be caused by factors beyond the control of our suppliers or us, including inclement weather, natural disasters, labor actions, increased demand, problems in production or distribution, cybersecurity events, and/or disruptions in third-party logistics or transportation systems. Our supply chain can also be impacted by new laws and regulations, such as tariffs and trade sanctions. For example, the imposition by the U.S. government of tariffs on products imported from certain countries and trade sanctions against certain countries have introduced greater uncertainty with respect to policies affecting trade between the United States and other countries. Major developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs by the United States and/or other countries, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any interruptions to our supply chain could increase our costs and could limit the availability of products critical to our operations. In addition, increased regulation or stakeholder expectations regarding sourcing practices, or supplier conduct that does not meet such standards, could cause our operating costs to increase or result in publicity that negatively affects our reputation. In order to achieve cost and operational efficiencies, we outsource to third-party vendors certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, such as our onboard concessionaires, certain of our call center operations, guest port services, logistics distribution and operation of a large part of our information technology systems. We are subject to the risk that certain decisions are subject to the control of our third-party service providers and that these decisions may adversely affect our activities. A failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider s compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. There is also a risk the confidentiality, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or communicated over third-party networks or platforms could become compromised. The potential unavailability of insurance coverage, an inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or our failure to have coverage in sufficient amounts to cover our incurred losses may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We seek to maintain appropriate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates. We normally obtain insurance based on the cost of an asset rather than replacement value, and we also elect to self-insure, co-insure, or use deductibles in certain circumstances for certain risks such as loss of use of a ship or other business interruption. The limits of insurance coverage we purchase are based on the availability of the coverage, evaluation of our risk profile and cost of coverage. We do not carry business interruption insurance and accordingly we have no insurance coverage for loss of revenues or earnings from our ships or other operations. Accordingly, we are not protected against all risks and cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred which could result in an unexpected decrease in our revenue and results of operations in the event of an incident. We are members of four Protection and Indemnity ( P&I ) clubs, which are part of a worldwide group of 12 P&I clubs, known as the International Group of P&I Clubs (the IG ). P&I coverage provided by the clubs is on a mutual basis, and we are subject to additional premium calls in the event of a catastrophic loss incurred by any member of the 12 P&I clubs, whereby the reinsurance limits purchased by the IG are exhausted. We are also subject to additional premium calls based on investment and underwriting shortfalls experienced by our own individual insurers. We cannot be certain that insurance and reinsurance coverage will be available to us and at commercially reasonable rates in the future or at all or, if available, that it will be sufficient to cover potential claims. Additionally, if we or other insureds sustain significant losses, the result may be higher insurance premiums, cancellation of coverage, or the inability to obtain coverage. Such events could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Disruptions in our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems may adversely affect our results of operations. Our principal executive office and principal shoreside operations are located in Florida, and we have shoreside offices throughout the world. Actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes/typhoons, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires or floods), municipal lockdowns, curfews, quarantines, or similar events in these locations may have a material impact on our business continuity, reputation and results of operations. In addition, substantial or repeated information system failures, computer viruses or cybersecurity attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. We do not generally carry business interruption insurance for our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems. As such, any losses or damages incurred by us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Provisions of our Articles of Incorporation, By-Laws and Liberian law could inhibit a change of control and may prevent efforts by our shareholders to change our management. Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws and Liberian law may inhibit third parties from effectuating a change of control of the Company without approval from our board of directors which could result in the entrenchment of current management. These include provisions in our Articles of Incorporation that prevent third parties, other than A. Wilhelmsen AS and Cruise Associates and their permitted transferees, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of our outstanding shares without the consent of our board of directors. Financial Risks We may not be able to obtain sufficient financing or capital for our needs or may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or consistent with our expectations. To fund our capital expenditures (including new ship orders), operations and scheduled debt payments, we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and the sale of equity or debt securities in private or public securities markets. Any circumstance or event which leads to a decrease in consumer cruise spending, such as worsening global economic conditions or significant incidents impacting the cruise industry, could negatively affect our operating cash flows. Although we believe we can access sufficient liquidity to fund our operations, investments and obligations as expected, there can be no assurances to that effect. Our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including, but not limited to, the strength of the financial markets, global market conditions, including inflationary pressures, interest rate fluctuations, credit ratings, our financial performance, the performance of our industry in general and the size, scope and timing of our financial needs. In addition, even where financing commitments have been secured, significant disruptions in the capital and credit markets could cause our banking and other counterparties to breach their contractual obligations to us or could cause the conditions to the availability of such funding not to be satisfied. This could include failures of banks or other financial service companies to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements or to pay us amounts that may become due. If any of the foregoing occurs for a prolonged period of time it will have a long-term negative impact on our cash flows, our ability to meet our financial obligations, our results of operations and our financial condition. Our liquidity could be adversely impacted if we are unable to satisfy the covenants required by our credit facilities. Failure to comply with the terms of these debt facilities could result in an event of default. Generally, if an event of default under any debt agreement occurs, then pursuant to cross default acceleration clauses, our outstanding debt and derivative contract payables could become due and/or terminated. In addition, in such events, our credit card processors could hold back payments to create a reserve. We cannot provide assurances that we would have sufficient liquidity to repay, or the ability to refinance the debt if such amounts were accelerated upon an event of default . There can be no assurance that we will declare or pay dividends in the future or that we will repurchase shares pursuant to our share repurchase program consistent with historical amounts or at all. Although we currently pay a quarterly cash dividend and we have adopted a share repurchase program, we are not obligated to pay cash dividends or to repurchase a specified number or dollar value of shares under share repurchase program or at all. The declaration and payment of any future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors. The level of dividends and amount, timing, and purchases under our share repurchase program, if any, are influenced by many factors and may fluctuate based on our operating results, cash flows, and priorities for the use of cash, and the market price of common stock. In addition, we cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term shareholder value. Compliance and Regulatory Risks Changes in U.S. or other countries foreign travel policy have affected, and may continue to affect our results of operations. Changes in U.S. and other countries' foreign policy have in the past and could in the future result in the imposition of travel restrictions or travel bans on persons to certain countries or result in the imposition of travel advisories, warnings, rules, regulations or legislation exposing us to penalties or claims of monetary damages. In addition, some countries have previously adopted restrictions against U.S. travelers. The timing and scope of these changes and regulations can be unpredictable, and they could cause us to cancel scheduled sailings, possibly on short notice, or could result in litigation against us. This, in turn, could decrease our revenue, increase our operating costs and otherwise impair our profitability. Factors associated with climate change, including an increasing global regulatory focus, could adversely affect our business. There is increasing global regulatory focus on climate change, greenhouse gas and other emissions, and new laws and regulations are expanding mandatory disclosure, reporting and diligence requirements. These regulatory efforts, both internationally, regionally and nationally, are still developing, including the international alignment of such efforts, and we cannot yet determine what the final regulatory programs or their impact will be on our business. However, such climate change-related regulatory activity in the future may adversely affect our business and financial results by requiring us to reduce our emissions, pay for our emissions, modify our itineraries and may increase our exposure, if any, to climate change-related litigation. Such activity may also impact us by increasing our operating costs, including fuel costs. For example, the European Union has enacted parts of a series of significant carbon reforms under its Fit for 55 package designed to meet its 2030 emission goals, which would require us, among other things, to purchase emission allowances, increase the use of low carbon fuel onboard our vessels as well as connectivity to shore power. In addition, various state, regional and foreign government or regulatory agencies have enacted, or may enact, environmental regulations or policies, such as requiring the use of low sulfur fuels (e.g., IMO Sulfur Limit) or the carbon intensity indicator regulation ("CII"), that have or could increase our direct cost to operate in certain markets, increase our cost of fuel, limit the supply of compliant fuel, cause us to incur significant expenses to purchase and/or develop new equipment and adversely impact the cruise vacation industry. If enacted, these regulations may individually or collectively have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations due to increased costs associated with compliance and modified itineraries in the affected regions. There has also been growing environmental scrutiny of the environmental impact of the cruise vacation industry, and some environmental groups are advocating for more stringent regulation of ship emissions at berth and at sea. This negative publicity of the cruise industry and any related measures may lead to changes in consumer preferences, such as methods or frequency of travel, which could adversely impact our operations and financial results and subject us to reputational impacts and costs. Labor, health and safety, financial responsibility, maritime and other regulations and measures could affect operations and increase operating costs. We are subject to various international, national, state and local laws, regulations and treaties that govern, among other things, discharge from our ships, safety standards applicable to our ships, treatment of disabled persons, health and sanitary standards applicable to our guests, security standards on board our ships and at the ship/port interface areas, financial responsibilities to our guests, and our advertising and pricing practices. These issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world, which may result in the enactment of more stringent regulations. In addition to potential damage to our reputation and brand, failure by us to comply with these various applicable laws and regulations, as well as changes in laws and regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, may result in litigation, civil and criminal liability, damages, fines and penalties, increased cost of regulatory compliance and may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. A change in our tax status under the United Kingdom tonnage tax, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, or other jurisdictions, may have adverse effects on our results of operations. From 2026 onwards, substantially all of our ships will be operated by companies that are within the United Kingdom tonnage tax regime ( U.K. tonnage tax ). To the extent the U.K. tonnage tax laws change, or we do not continue to meet the applicable qualification requirements, we may be required to pay higher income tax in the United Kingdom, adversely impacting our results of operations. To the extent the OECD International Shipping Income exclusion tax laws (and associated guidance) change, or we do not continue to meet the applicable qualifications, we may be required to pay higher Global Minimum Tax in the United Kingdom (or other jurisdictions), adversely impacting our results of operations. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and a number of our subsidiaries are foreign corporations that derive income from a U.S. trade or business and/or from sources within the U.S. We have received an opinion from U.S. tax counsel, based upon and subject to certain representations, assumptions, legal authorities, and limitations set forth in such opinion, to the effect that this income, to the extent derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships, is excluded from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code. We believe that most of our income (including that of our subsidiaries) is derived from or incidental to the international operation of ships. Our ability to rely on Section 883 could be challenged or could change in the future. The provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, including Section 883, are subject to legislative change at any time. Moreover, changes could occur in the future with respect to the identity, residence or holdings of our direct or indirect shareholders, trading volume or trading frequency of our shares, or relevant foreign tax laws of Liberia, such that it no longer qualifies as an equivalent exemption jurisdiction, that could affect our eligibility for the Section 883 exemption. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be exempt from U.S. income tax on U.S. source shipping income in the future. If we were not entitled to the benefit of Section 883, we and our subsidiaries would be subject to U.S. taxation on a portion of the income derived from or incidental to the international operation of our ships, which would reduce our net income. Further, some of our operations are conducted in jurisdictions (including the U.S.) where we rely on tax treaties to provide an exemption from or reduction in taxation. To the extent tax treaties are changed or revoked, we may be required to pay higher income tax in these jurisdictions, adversely impacting our results of operations. In addition, in the jurisdictions in which we operate, we may be subject to changes in our existing tax treatment or other tax reform, as well as increased tax audits. We are not a U.S. corporation and, as a result, our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal system in protecting their interests. Our corporate affairs are governed by our Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws and by the Business Corporation Act of Liberia. The provisions of the Business Corporation Act of Liberia resemble provisions of the corporation laws of a number of states in the U.S. However, there are very few judicial cases in Liberia interpreting the Business Corporation Act. While the Business Corporation Act provides that it is to be applied and construed to make the laws of Liberia, with respect of the subject matter of the Business Corporation Act, harmonious with the laws of the State of Delaware, we cannot predict whether Liberian courts would reach the same conclusions as Delaware courts. In cases when the laws of Liberia are silent, the Business Corporation Act adopts, when applicable, the non-statutory corporation law of Delaware with substantially similar legislative provisions insofar as it does not conflict with any other provisions of the Business Corporation Act or decisions of the courts of Liberia, and provides that the courts of Liberia may apply such non-statutory corporation law in resolving any issues before such courts. We cannot predict to what extent or in what manner the courts of Liberia will apply the non-statutory corporation law of Delaware. The right of shareholders to bring a derivative action in Liberian courts may be more limited than in U.S. jurisdictions. There may also be practical difficulties for shareholders attempting to bring suit in Liberia, and Liberian courts may or may not recognize and enforce foreign judgments. Thus, our shareholders may have more difficulty challenging actions taken by management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a U.S. jurisdiction. General RISK FACTORS Conducting business globally results in increased regulatory, financial, and other risks. We operate our business globally, which exposes us to a number of risks, including increased exposure to a wider range of regional and local economic conditions, volatile local political conditions, potential changes in duties and taxes, including port costs that vary with passenger head counts, fixed port costs, changing and/or uncertain interpretations of existing tax laws and regulations, required compliance with additional laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses or governing the operations of foreign-based companies, currency fluctuations, interest rate movements, difficulties in operating under local business environments, port quality and availability in certain regions, U.S. and global anti-bribery laws and regulations, imposition of trade barriers and restrictions on repatriation of earnings. Our future growth strategies depend on the sustained profitability of international markets. Factors that will be critical to our success in these markets include our ability to continue to raise awareness of our products and our ability to adapt our offerings to best suit rapidly evolving consumer demands. The execution of our planned growth strategies is dependent on meeting the governmental and regulatory measures and policies in each of these markets. Our ability to realize our future growth strategy is highly dependent on our ability to satisfy country-specific policies and requirements, as well as meet the needs of region-specific consumer preferences. These factors may cause us to reevaluate some of our international business strategies. Operating globally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal, regulatory and tax requirements. In many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. We cannot guarantee consistent interpretation, application, and enforcement of newly issued rules and regulations, which could place limits on our operations or increase our costs, as well as negatively impact our future growth strategies in our key growth markets. We must adhere to policies designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance as well as applicable laws and regulations. However, we might not be successful in ensuring that our employees, agents, representatives and other third parties with whom we associate properly adhere to applicable laws and regulations. In addition, we may be exposed to the risk of penalties and other liabilities if we fail to comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Failure by us, our employees or any of these third parties to adhere to our policies or applicable laws or regulations could result in penalties, sanctions, damage to our reputation and related costs, which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. As a global operator, our business also may be impacted by changes in U.S. policy or priorities in areas such as trade, immigration and/or environmental or labor regulations, among others. Depending on the nature and scope of any such changes, they could impact our domestic and international business operations. Any such changes, and any international response to them, could potentially introduce new barriers to passenger or crew travel and/or cross border transactions, impact our guest experience and/or increase our operating costs. If we are unable to address these risks adequately, our financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected, including impairing the value of our ships and other assets. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates could affect our financial results. We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates. Significant changes in any of the foregoing could have a material impact on our financial results, net of the impact of our hedging activities and natural offsets. Additionally, the value of our earnings in foreign currencies is adversely impacted by a strong U.S. dollar. Our operating results have been and will continue to be impacted, often significantly, by changes in each of these factors. A portion of our indebtedness bears interest at variable rates that are linked to changing market interest rates. As a result, an increase in market interest rates would increase our interest expense and our debt service obligations. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $1.6 billion of indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates, which is net of our interest rate swap agreements. This amount represented approximately 7.4% of our total indebtedness. As of December 31, 2025, a hypothetical 1% increase in prevailing interest rates would increase our forecasted 2026 interest expense by approximately $12.3 million. Increases in fuel prices have and could continue to materially and adversely affect our business as fuel prices impact not only our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight, and commodity prices. Mandatory fuel restrictions may also create uncertainty related to the price and availability of certain fuel types potentially impacting operating costs and the value of our related hedging instruments. Impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets, equity investments and notes receivable could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. We also evaluate other assets, including but not limited to intangible assets and long-lived assets on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. A challenging operating environment, conditions affecting consumer demand or spending, the deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions, expected ship deliveries, or other factors could result in a change to the future cash flows we expect to derive from our operations. Reductions of cash flows used in the valuation analyses may result in the recording of impairments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. The loss of key personnel, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel, or disruptions among our shipboard personnel could adversely affect our results of operations. Our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees and on our ability to recruit, develop and retain high quality personnel as well as having adequate succession plans and back-up operating plans for when critical executives are unable to serve. As demand for qualified personnel in the industry grows, we must continue to effectively recruit, train, motivate and retain our employees, both shoreside and on our ships, in order to effectively compete in our industry, maintain our current business and support our projected global growth. We have in the past and may in the future experience difficulty recruiting and retaining qualified personnel primarily due to competitive labor markets. A prolonged shortage of qualified personnel and/or increased turnover may inhibit our ability to operate our business in an optimal manner, and may result in increased costs if we need to hire temporary personnel, and/or increased wages and/or benefits in order to attract and retain employees, all of which may negatively impact our results of operations. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 87% of our shipboard employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. A dispute under our collective bargaining agreements could result in a work stoppage of those employees covered by the agreements. We may not be able to satisfactorily or favorably renegotiate these collective bargaining agreements when they expire. In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage on our ships. We may also be subject to or affected by work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages or potential work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, as could a loss of key employees, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or disruptions among our personnel. If we are unable to keep pace with developments, design, and implementation in technology , our operations or competitive position could become impaired. Our use of emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence, may present business, compliance and reputational risks. The Company depends on technology and automated systems, including emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence ( AI ), to operate its business, including but not limited to, computerized reservation systems, ship operations and crew scheduling systems, shipboard internet services, cloud-based technologies, technical and business operations systems and commercial websites and applications, including our mobile app. These technologies and systems require significant investment and must be refined, updated, upgraded and/or replaced with more advanced capabilities in order to continue to meet our customers demands and expectations, to operate in an interconnected business world, as well as to conduct our business operations effectively availing ourselves of technological advances. If we are unable to adopt new technology or systems in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters, if there are any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in design, development, or implementation of such systems, or if we do not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, our business and results of operations could suffer. Additionally, a failure to adopt the appropriate technology, or a failure or obsolescence in the existing technology that we have adopted, could adversely affect our business or results of operations. As global technology related regulatory frameworks continue to evolve, our use of these technologies may subject us to additional compliance obligations, including restrictions on the usage of certain technologies or additional requirements on data usage and transparency. Compliance with these regulations could increase our compliance costs, expose us to regulatory enforcement or legal liability, constrain our ability to implement or expand technology based solutions, or otherwise affect the timing and effectiveness of our initiatives. In addition, emerging technologies may not always perform as intended, may generate inaccurate outputs, or may depend on third party systems that we do not control. Any such operational deficiencies could impair the performance of systems that support key business functions, disrupt guest facing experiences, or subject us to legal liability, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. We are exposed to cybersecurity attacks and data breaches and the risks and costs associated with protecting our systems and maintaining data integrity and security. We are subject to cybersecurity attacks. These attacks can vary in scope and intent from attacks with the objective of compromising our systems, networks, and communications for economic gain or with the objective of disrupting, disabling or otherwise compromising our maritime and/or shoreside operations. The attacks can encompass a wide range of methods and intent, including phishing attacks, generative artificial intelligence impersonation, illegitimate requests for payment, theft of intellectual property, theft of confidential or non-public information, installation of malware, installation of ransomware and theft of personal or business information. The frequency and sophistication as well as the methods used to conduct these attacks, have increased over time. A successful cybersecurity attack may target us directly, or it may be the result of a third party s inadequate care, or resulting from vulnerabilities in licensed software. In any scenario, the Company may suffer damage to its systems and data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our brand reputation, and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation, fines, and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. Additionally, data security breaches where we or our vendors fail to detect and appropriately respond may expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. Furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital costs in technology, personnel, monitoring and other investments. We are also subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage, and transmission of sensitive information. In the regular course of business, we collect employee, customer, and other third-party data, including personally identifiable information, personal health data and individual/business payment data, for various business purposes. Although we have policies and procedures in place to safeguard such sensitive information, this information has been and could be subject to cybersecurity attacks and the aforementioned risks. In addition, we are subject to federal, state, and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information, personal health data and individual payment data. Those laws include, among others, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation and similar state agencies that impose additional data privacy and protection requirements. Complying with these and other applicable laws has caused, and may cause, us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices, and our failure to do so may expose us to substantial fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation, or other expenses and adversely affect our business. Further, any changes to laws or regulations, including new restrictions or requirements applicable to our business, or an increase in enforcement of existing laws and regulations, could expose us to additional costs and liability and could limit our use of such information. While we continue to evolve our cybersecurity practices in line with our business reliance on technology and the changing external threat landscape, and we invest time, effort and financial resources to secure our systems, networks and communications, our security measures cannot provide absolute assurance that we will be successful in preventing or defending from all cybersecurity attacks or incidents impacting our operation. There can be no assurance that any breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results. Any breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of guest, employee, third-party or company data, could adversely impact our reputation and brand and our ability to retain or attract new customers, and expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. Significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been impacted. Litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and/or damage our reputation. Our business is subject to various U.S. and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. In addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or joint venture partners could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. In certain circumstances it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/or our legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. Such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We cannot predict the quantum or outcome of any such proceedings and the impact that they will have on our financial results, but any such impact may be material. While some of these claims are covered by insurance, we cannot be certain that all of them will be, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 23 
