. RISK FACTORS A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, reputation, and prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risk Factor Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described more fully below in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following is a summary of principal risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. This summary should be read in conjunction with the RISK FACTORS section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks and uncertainties facing our business. If we fail to increase or retain our user base, and in particular, our daily active uniques ( DAUq ), or if user engagement declines, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects will be harmed. If Redditors do not continue to contribute content or their contributions are not valuable or appealing to other Redditors, we may experience a decline in the number of Redditors accessing our products and services and in user engagement, which could result in the loss of advertisers and may harm our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our business depends on a strong brand and reputation, and if we are unable to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our ability to expand our user and advertiser bases will be impaired and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed. Changes in internet search engine algorithms and dynamics could have a negative impact on traffic for our website and, ultimately, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. We have a history of net losses and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future. Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes them difficult to predict. We are in the early stages of monetizing our business, and there is no assurance we will be able to scale our business for future growth. We generate a majority of our revenue from advertising. The failure to attract new advertisers, the loss of advertisers, or the reduction of or failure by advertisers to maintain or increase their advertising budgets would adversely affect our business. We may not succeed in further expanding and monetizing our platform internationally and may be subject to increased international business and economic risks. We are exploring business opportunities in content licensing, but we are in the early stages and the market is new and evolving rapidly. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects may be harmed by our failure to timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology and infrastructure. 13 Table of Contents We anticipate that our ongoing efforts related to data privacy, safety, security, and content review will identify instances of misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties on our platform. If our security measures are breached, or if our products and services are subject to attacks involving our systems or data, some of which contain personal information, or that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our products and services, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, Redditors and advertisers may curtail or stop using our products and services, and our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed. Redditor growth and engagement depends upon effective interoperation with operating systems, networks, devices, web browsers, online application stores, regulations, and standards that we do not control. Changes in our products or to those operating systems, networks, devices, web browsers, online application stores, regulations, or standards may harm Redditor retention, growth, and engagement, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our business is subject to increasingly complex and evolving laws, rules, regulations, industry standards, and other legal obligations regarding content, consumer protection, competition, privacy, and other matters. Failure to comply with such laws, rules, regulations, industry standards, and other legal obligations could harm our business. Interest in our Class A common stock from retail and other individual investors, for reasons unrelated to our underlying business or macro or industry fundamentals, could result in increased volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock. The multi-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our capital stock prior to the listing of our Class A common stock on the NYSE, including our directors, executive officers, and 5% stockholders, and their respective affiliates. This ownership will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval, including change of control transactions. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the governance agreement we entered into with our principal stockholder grant our principal stockholder certain rights with respect to the control and management of our business, which may prevent us from taking actions that may be beneficial to us and our other stockholders. Risks Related to Our Business We face intense competition, and if we fail to grow or retain our user base or maintain user engagement, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. The size of our user base and their level of engagement are critical to our success. Our financial performance has been, and will continue to be, significantly determined by our success in growing and retaining our user base so that we add Redditors, and those Redditors become daily users more specifically, DAUq. We define a user whom we can identify with a unique identifier who has visited a page on the Reddit website, www.reddit.com, or opened a Reddit application at least once during a 24-hour period as a DAUq. DAUq is a user metric utilized by our management team. While it may be used to gauge usage of our platform, it may not correlate to revenue. We also measure weekly active uniques ( WAUq ) to help us understand the reach of our platform. We may not be successful in our user growth and retention strategies, which in part aim to convert monthly users or WAUq into more DAUq. The absolute number of our DAUq and our DAUq growth rate has decreased in the past and may fluctuate or decrease in one or more markets from time to time due to various factors, especially after periods of high growth, such as we have experienced. For example, although we saw increased growth in our user base during the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced lower levels of DAUq growth and declining DAUq as the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic subsided. DAUq has also declined in the past in periods following usage peaks surrounding certain worldwide events, such as the onset of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine in the three months ended March 31, 2022. These usage peaks are driven by external factors that are outside of our control. Accordingly, such growth may not be repeatable and we may experience declines in DAUq in the future in similar circumstances. DAUq has also been volatile during community responses to domestic and international social unrest as well as in response to actions by us. For example, we saw increased growth in our user base in the three months ended December 31, 2023, which may have been driven in part by performance improvements in our product and possibly by migration of usage from certain third-party applications in response to changes in our application program interface ( API ) terms and policies. Such growth may not be sustainable and does not necessarily mean these users are retained. Furthermore, we anticipate that our DAUq growth rate will slow over time as the absolute number of our DAUq increases. To the extent our DAUq growth rate slows or becomes negative, our success will increasingly depend on our ability to increase levels of engagement, retention, and monetization on our platform, including the level at which users visiting us from search traffic 14 Table of Contents become more frequent users of our platform. We also rely on initiatives like machine translation to drive growth in international DAUq, and the growth derived from this strategy may slow as we complete the roll out of machine translation to all major global languages. A number of factors could harm Redditor growth and engagement or impact our ability to compete effectively, including if: Redditors engage with other products, services, or activities as an alternative to ours; our competitors incorporate features into their products that are substantially similar to ours or improve upon such features when including them in their products; we fail to introduce new and improved products or services or we introduce new or improved products or services that negatively affect Redditor engagement; we are unable to convert casual users who come to our platform through internet search engines or our marketing efforts into daily users; Redditors feel that their Reddit experience is diminished as a result of our decisions with respect to the frequency, prominence, and size of ads that we display, or the quality of the ads displayed; influential Redditors or certain demographics of Redditors conclude that an alternative product or service better meets their needs; we are unable to convince new Redditors of the value and usefulness of our products and services; technical or other problems prevent us from delivering our products or services in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise negatively affect Redditors experience with our platform; we fail to effectively adopt new technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence ( AI ), that our competitors may have more experience utilizing and leveraging in their products and services; Redditors have difficulty installing, updating, searching, or otherwise accessing our products and content or prefer to utilize third-party applications that have shut down or no longer integrate with our platform; there are disruptions to the normal operation of our communities, including as a result of actions or inactions by our volunteer moderators; Redditors have difficulty locating content, in their local language, that is interesting and relevant to them, particularly in their early experiences on our platform; Redditors find content available on our platform offensive, inappropriate, hostile, or otherwise objectionable; there are Redditor concerns related to privacy and communication, safety, security, or other factors or changes to our platform or policies that are not well received by Redditors; we are unable to combat harmful or inappropriate usage of our platform; there are adverse changes in our products or services that are mandated by, or that we elect to make to address, new or existing laws, regulatory scrutiny, or litigation, including settlements; we fail to keep pace with evolving online, market, and industry trends; or we are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity. We also compete to attract and retain Redditors attention on the basis of our content and Redditor experiences with our platform and face significant competition for prospective users, both domestically and internationally. We compete against many companies that provide content and communications services to online users, including Google (including YouTube, Search, Maps, and Shopping), Meta (including Facebook, Instagram, Threads, and WhatsApp), Wikipedia, Snap, X, Pinterest, TikTok, Roblox, Discord, and Twitch, and which offer a variety of internet- and mobile device-based products, services, and content. Many of these companies have greater financial resources and substantially larger user bases than Reddit. Our competitors may draw users towards their products or services and away from ours. This could decrease the growth, engagement, or retention of Redditors, which, in turn, would negatively affect our business. In addition, we face competition from large language models ( LLMs ) and other AI models that retrieve and synthesize information, such as those built by 15 Table of Contents Google, Meta, OpenAI, and Anthropic; Redditors may choose to find information using AI tools, which in some cases may have been trained using Reddit content, instead of visiting Reddit directly. While we have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments to integrate AI, including generative AI, into our platform, AI technologies are rapidly evolving and there can be no guarantee that our products and services will remain competitive as new AI technologies are developed, adopted, and integrated. We believe that sustained meaningful active Redditor growth is dependent on improving our products and services to demonstrate our value proposition to a larger, global audience and penetrating additional demographics, which we believe may take a considerable amount of time. If we are unable to increase our DAUq, or its growth rate, or if this metric declines, our products and services could be less attractive to potential new users, as well as to advertisers, which would harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. If Redditors do not continue to contribute content or their contributions are not valuable or appealing to other Redditors, we may experience a decline in the number of Redditors accessing our products and services and in user engagement, which could result in the loss of advertisers and may harm our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our success depends on our ability to provide users of our products and services with valuable content, which in turn depends on the content contributed by Redditors. We seek to foster a broad and engaged Redditor community. If Redditors do not continue to contribute content and otherwise engage with our platform, and we are unable to provide Redditors with valuable and timely content, our user base and their engagement may decline. A large portion of the content on our platform comes from a small number of Redditors contributing to communities (which are also known as subreddits). If prolific Redditors do not continue to contribute content and otherwise engage with our platform, or decide to leave our platform and encourage other Redditors to follow them to a new platform, our user base and their engagement may decline. Our platform may also be used by third parties to disseminate abusive or other harmful content in violation of our terms and applicable law. We may not proactively discover or quickly respond to such content once alerted to it due to our scale and the limitations of existing technology and operational infrastructure. If we are unable to successfully prevent or detect and timely address abusive or other harmful behavior on our platform, our user base and their engagement may decline. Additionally, in keeping with our mission to empower communities and make their knowledge accessible to everyone, our site-wide content policy is designed to be protective, but not intrusive. If Redditors perceive the content available on Reddit to be offensive, inappropriate, hostile, or otherwise objectionable, we may experience a decline in user activity generally, or among certain demographics. We generate a majority of our revenue from the sale of advertising services. If we experience a decline in the number of Redditors, or a decrease in Redditor growth rate or engagement, including as a result of a lack of valuable or appealing content, or the loss of influential Redditors or subreddits, advertisers may not view our products and services as attractive for their marketing expenditures, and may reduce their spending with us, which would harm our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our business depends on a strong brand and reputation, and if we are unable to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our ability to expand our user and advertiser bases will be impaired and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed. We believe that our brand identity and reputation, including that our service is an empowering environment, has significantly contributed to the success of our business. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing the Reddit brand and reputation is critical to retaining and growing our user and advertiser bases. We anticipate that maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation will depend largely on our continued ability to provide high-quality, relevant, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative products, which may require substantial investment and may not be successful. We may need to introduce new products or updates to existing products that require Redditors to agree to new terms of service that Redditors do not like, which may negatively affect our brand and reputation. Additionally, advertisements or actions of our advertisers may affect our brand and reputation if Redditors do not think the advertisements help them accomplish their objectives, view the advertisements as intrusive, annoying, or misleading, or have poor experiences with our advertisers. Our brand and reputation may also be negatively affected by the content or actions of Redditors that are deemed to be offensive, inappropriate, hostile, or otherwise objectionable to other Redditors, by the actions of Redditors acting under false or inauthentic pretenses, by the use of our products or services to disseminate information that is deemed to be misleading, or by the use of our service for illicit, illegal, or objectionable ends. We also may fail to respond expeditiously or at all to the sharing of illegal, illicit, offensive, inappropriate, hostile, or otherwise objectionable content on our platform or to objectionable practices by advertisers, or to otherwise address Redditors concerns, which could erode confidence in our brand and damage our reputation. We expect that our ability to identify and respond to such content in a timely manner may decrease as the number of Redditors grows, as the amount of content on our platform increases, or as we expand our product and service offerings, such as an increase in video content. Any governmental or regulatory inquiry, investigation, or action, including 16 Table of Contents based on the appearance of illegal, illicit, or objectionable content on our platform or the failure to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, could damage our brand and reputation, regardless of the outcome. We receive a high degree of media coverage globally. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, media, legislative, governmental, and regulatory scrutiny of our decisions. Unfavorable publicity and scrutiny involving us, including regarding our data privacy, intellectual property, content, or other practices, product changes, product quality, pricing increases, litigation, or regulatory action, or regarding the actions of our employees, Redditors, moderators, or advertisers, or other issues, may significantly harm our brand and reputation, and could adversely affect the size, demographics, engagement, and loyalty of our user base. For instance, in May and June 2023, we experienced negative publicity as a result of our API policy changes. In addition, unfavorable publicity and scrutiny of other companies in our industry, including controversies surrounding their product design choices, content-related decisions, or their data privacy practices, could also have a negative impact on our brand and reputation. These concerns, whether actual or unfounded, may also deter Redditors or advertisers from using our service. In addition, we may fail to adequately address the needs of Redditors or our advertisers, which could erode confidence in our brand and damage our reputation. If we fail to promote and maintain the Reddit brand or preserve our reputation, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed. Changes in internet search engine algorithms and dynamics could have a negative impact on traffic for our website and, ultimately, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our success depends partly on our ability to attract online visitors to our website. We rely, in part, on internet search engines, such as Google, to generate traffic to our website, primarily through free or organic searches. Search engines frequently update and change the logic and user interface that determine the placement and display of the results of a user s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our websites may be ranked lower in the search results or otherwise less visible in a user s search. For example, we use machine translation to make our content accessible in multiple languages, and the search engine ranking performance of this content may be negatively impacted if a search engine deprioritizes machine-generated content. In addition, a search engine could, for competitive or other purposes, alter its search algorithms, results or user experience, causing our website to place lower in organic search query results. If a major search engine changes its algorithms in a manner that negatively affects the search engine ranking performance of our website or those of our partners, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. We may not sustain our growth rate, and our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes them difficult to predict. Although we had net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and every quarter since, we have previously incurred net losses since our inception, and we may incur net losses again in the future. We incurred a net loss of $(484.3) million for the year ended December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of $(671.1) million. We also expect our costs and expenses to increase in future periods, and if our revenue growth does not increase to more than offset these anticipated increases in our costs and expenses, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects will be harmed, and we may not be able to maintain profitability. We expect our costs and expenses to increase in future periods as we intend to continue to make significant investments to broaden and retain our user base, develop and implement new products, market new and existing products and promote our brand, expand our technical infrastructure, and hire additional employees (with a related expected increase in payroll and stock-based compensation expense). Some of these investments may generate only limited revenue and reduce our operating margin. If our investments are not successful, our ability to increase revenue may be adversely affected. In addition, our quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past and will fluctuate in the future, based on the seasonality of our business as well as external factors impacting the global economy. For example, we have historically seen seasonality in our business and financial results, with an increase in overall advertiser spending in the fourth quarter, due in large part to end-of-year advertiser spending, typically followed by a weaker first quarter. Our results of operations and financial condition in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors, many of which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control, including: our ability to maintain and grow our DAUq, as well as users activity on Reddit; the level of demand for our products and services; the development and introduction or termination of new products, features, or services by us or our competitors; 17 Table of Contents seasonal or other fluctuations in spending by our advertisers or in Redditor usage or engagement on our platform, including, but not limited to, around significant planned events such as the Super Bowl and unplanned ones like natural disasters; our ability to attract and retain advertisers; our pricing models and our ability to maintain or improve revenue and operating margins; increases in marketing, sales, and other operating expenses that we may incur to grow and expand our operations and to remain competitive; our ability to successfully expand internationally and penetrate key demographics, including our international focus markets; fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in the proportion of our revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies; fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and interest rates or impairments of any assets on our consolidated balance sheet; changes in our effective tax rate; changes in accounting standards or the application of existing or future accounting standards; system failures or actual or perceived data breaches or other security or privacy-related incidents, and the costs associated with such failures, breaches, and remediations; changes in governmental or other regulations affecting our business or adverse litigation judgments and related compliance costs, fines, or litigation- and dispute-related costs; and other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result, our past quarterly results of operations are not necessarily indicative of future performance. We are in the early stages of monetizing our business and expanding our platform internationally, and there is no assurance that we will be able to scale our business for future growth. We are in the early stages of our monetization efforts, and as such, we are still scaling our advertising revenue model. Our growth strategy depends on, among other things, attracting more advertisers, scaling our business with existing advertisers, and expanding our advertising services, as well as successfully identifying and capturing non-advertising sources of revenue. There is no assurance that this revenue model will be successful or that we will generate increased revenue. To sustain or increase our advertising revenue, we must attract new advertisers, encourage existing advertisers to maintain or increase their advertising spend on our platform, expand the number of markets where we offer advertising, and increase the breadth and functionality of our advertising services, including new advertising formats and measurement tools. In order to obtain new advertisers and further our relationship with current advertisers, we must increase the amount of monetizable content on our platform, including by increasing the absolute number of DAUq who post and consume content, and our monetization model depends on this engagement. Not all DAUq monetize in the same manner or rate, so we also measure the average revenue per unique ( ARPU ) to help us understand the extent to which we are monetizing DAUq. Much of our DAUq growth to date has come from certain users who may represent lower monetization opportunities, such as users located outside the United States. There is no assurance that our user growth or engagement strategy will continue to be successful or that we will increase the number of DAUq, ARPU, or the amount of monetizable content on our platform. Without such growth, we could see our supply of monetizable inventory stay constant or decrease, which may limit or hinder our ability to increase revenue. As we continue to grow our advertiser base, our revenue depends on our ability to effectively serve enough advertisements that meet the objectives of our advertisers while maintaining a high-quality, relevant, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative user experience. If we are unable to do this on our platform due to either a decline in DAUq, or changes in our products or services or Redditor behavior that reduce our ability to display as many advertisements as our advertisers may request, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects would be adversely affected. Our advertising business can be inventory constrained at times, and the attendant impact on the supply and pricing of our advertising inventory could affect the financial performance of our business. We could find ourselves unable to match customer advertising specifications with available 18 Table of Contents inventory, leaving us unable to deliver the advertising inventory requested and receiving less revenue than otherwise expected. This also could put upward pressure on advertising prices and potentially impact the return advertisers get on their spend, which in turn could affect future advertiser spending. To scale the growth of our advertising services, we will have to successfully develop and target ad products tailored to the interests of our advertisers and our user base, which may require additional user data. If we are unable to do this with the data, technology, and resources available to us, we may need to rely more heavily on alternative revenue sources to grow our business. We will make efforts to continue to identify and develop potential new revenue streams. We have explored and continue to explore different ways for Redditors to make money on Reddit, including Reddit s earnings programs for contributors, developers, and creators, while also providing a source of revenue for Reddit as well. We also continue to explore reasonable content licensing opportunities as another possible source of revenue where those opportunities do not conflict with our values and the rights of our Redditors and have only recently generated revenue from this opportunity. There are many aspects of these possible revenue sources which are novel and untested, which makes it challenging to evaluate the viability of any future revenue opportunities or to identify the risks and challenges we may encounter in seeking to execute on our strategies. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in generating meaningful revenue from any of these non-advertising sources. If we are unable to succeed in these monetization efforts or identify new revenue opportunities, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed. In addition, we plan to continue expanding our business operations outside the United States and offering content and advertising to Redditors and advertisers in other languages and countries. We plan to continue to enter new international markets where we have limited or no experience in deploying our services or selling advertisements. In order to expand successfully, we need to offer content and products that are tailored to the interests of local Redditors and the needs of local advertisers, each of which requires significant investment of time and resources. As we expand into new international markets, we may not yet understand the full scope of prospective users interests, demographics, and culture, or advertiser expectations, target audiences, and return on advertising spend, in those markets. This may cause us to expand into markets before we are able to offer a service and advertising platform that has been sufficiently localized for those markets or where those markets lack the necessary demand and infrastructure for long-term adoption of our services. In addition, as our international operations increase, or more of our revenue agreements or operating expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations may become material. If we are unsuccessful in deploying, scaling, or managing our operations in international markets, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. We generate a majority of our revenue from advertising. We face intense competition for advertising spend both inside and outside the United States, and we are subject to a rapidly evolving technology landscape. If we fail to attract or retain advertisers, or advertisers do not maintain or increase their advertising budgets, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. A majority of our revenue is generated from third parties advertising on our platform. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, approximately 94% and 91% of our revenue was generated from third parties advertising on our platform, respectively. In addition, a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of advertisers, with our top ten largest advertisers accounting for approximately 21% and 25% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. As is common in our industry, our advertisers do not have long-term advertising commitments with us, and we are at risk if we lose any major advertisers or experience a deterioration in our relationships with them or their agencies. Our advertising revenue could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: our advertisers inability to optimize their campaigns or measure the results of their campaigns; our inability to increase ARPU or otherwise monetize DAUq at the same or higher rate as DAUq growth, including if that growth occurs in markets that do not generate as much revenue as the United States; restrictions placed on, or the relevance of, ads outside of the United States, such as China, where Reddit is not directly accessible; product or service changes we may make that change the size, frequency, or relative prominence of ads displayed on our platform or otherwise impact Redditor engagement with ads; our inability to effectively monetize our international user base or audiences for which we have limited data; the impact of new technologies or access to Reddit content through third-party applications that block or obscure the display of our ads; 19 Table of Contents timing and resources required to attract advertisers; adverse legal developments relating to advertising, like those that constrain the use of certain advertising technologies or limit our ability to measure advertising effectiveness, including regulatory developments or litigation outcomes; and other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also face intense competition from a wide range of platforms and traditional media, and ongoing advancements in ad-blocking technology may undermine the effectiveness of our advertising, further challenging our ability to maintain and grow revenue. The volatility of advertiser spending, particularly in response to economic uncertainty or political instability, could exacerbate these risks, making it difficult for us to predict future performance or ensure consistent growth. The occurrence of any of these or other factors could result in a reduction in demand for our ads, which may reduce the prices we receive for our ads, either of which would negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Additionally, our international expansion introduces additional risks, such as operational challenges and regulatory compliance, which could further harm our revenue growth and results of operations. If we do not develop successful new products and services or improve existing products and services, our business will suffer. Our ability to retain, increase, and engage Redditors and increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing products and services and to create successful new products and services. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, in improvements to our platform, changes to our existing products and services, new and unproven products and services, including machine learning and AI, and other initiatives to generate revenue and increase our user base and user engagement. We have incorporated and may continue to incorporate AI into and across our platform. For example, in 2025, we began integrating Reddit Answers into the platform s core search to further streamline the path from question to answer on Reddit. These development efforts may require significant investments in talent and infrastructure, including access to specialized resources such as graphical processing units. If we are unable to secure these resources on commercially reasonable terms, or if we are unable to continue developing and integrating advanced solutions at a pace that meets user expectations or competitive benchmarks, our market position and prospects could be adversely affected. Improvements to our platform, new products and services, and other initiatives may be costly, difficult to operate, and could divert management s attention, and there is no guarantee that they will be positively received by Redditors or provide positive returns on our investment. For example, we are developing interactive ads on our developer platform, allowing advertisers to create custom experiences directly within an ad, but we cannot assure that Redditors or advertisers will effectively engage with this new ad feature. Further, new products or services that we develop may, in certain cases, require regulatory approval prior to launch, result in increased litigation, or subject us to new or enhanced governmental or regulatory requirements or scrutiny. There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain any required regulatory approval, and our efforts to comply with these laws and regulations could be costly and divert management s time and effort and may still not guarantee compliance. These new products and updates may also fail to increase the engagement of Redditors and our advertisers or partners, and may even result in short- or long-term decreases in such engagement by disrupting existing Redditor, advertiser, or partner behavior or by introducing performance and quality issues. In addition, in some cases, we may have little or no prior experience related to developing the technologies underlying the new products and services. If our new or enhanced products or services fail to engage, or meet the expectations of, Redditors or our advertisers or developers, or if our business plans or new approaches to monetization are unsuccessful, we may fail to attract new users, retain existing Redditors, or generate sufficient revenue, operating margin, or other value to justify our investments, and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed. Our business relies on an approach to content moderation that, while empowering community-led authenticity, can also result in content on the platform that can be unrelatable, offensive, and that may pose inherent risks. Our business relies on a layered approach to content moderation. While our communities self-organize and set out rules that are tailored to the unique circumstances of their communities, we provide a set of overarching rules and policies that are intended to be protective, not intrusive. Our site-wide rules prohibit behavior such as harassment, bullying, and violence, including hate based on identity or vulnerability, but are not intended to be exhaustive of every potential situation that every community could encounter. Instead, we rely on our communities to self-organize and supplement our site-wide rules by devising their own rules that are tailored to the unique circumstances of their particular community. Between our rules and the rules devised by our communities, we may not be able to adequately anticipate and cover every situation where offensive, inappropriate, hostile, or otherwise objectionable content may arise. 20 Table of Contents There can also be significant good faith differences in opinion as to whether particular content violates our site-wide rules or the rules of a specific community. We and our moderators may inconsistently apply the rules, or make decisions regarding content with which other Redditors disagree. From time to time, we and the moderators may need to make difficult moderation decisions that are highly publicized or controversial, including those that result in the departure or disengagement of large numbers of Redditors. Our approach to content moderation inherently subjects us to numerous risks, including that we may: fail to respond in a timely manner, or at all, to the sharing of illegal, illicit, abusive, harmful, or objectionable content on our platform; have difficulty identifying offensive, inappropriate, hostile, or otherwise objectionable content, and separating such content from that which is otherwise permissible on our platform (for example, where the content is mistagged or misreported or where there are defects in our automated systems); be more likely to be subject to claims relating to information or content that is published or made available on our platform, including enforcement actions with respect to such information or content; have an increased risk of reputational harm in the event that content or actions of some Redditors are deemed to be hostile or inappropriate, even if that content is permitted under our policies; be unable to retain a sufficient number of volunteer moderators, or ensure that our moderators effectively scale their efforts and fairly and consistently enforce our rules, either of which could significantly degrade the community experience for other Redditors; fail to effectively develop or encourage the adoption of tools that help moderators grow, customize, and strengthen their communities; have an increased risk of negative publicity based on our decisions, or the decisions of our moderators, with respect to permitted or prohibited content; and be unable to monetize a significant portion of the content available through our platform and the DAUq accessing such content, if we or our advertising partners deem it unsuitable. Even where we or the moderators enforce our rules against an individual or group of individuals whom we have identified as violating our rules, we cannot ensure that such individuals do not continue to disrupt our platform. Banned individuals can attempt to evade enforcement by creating a new account. Banned communities may try to reestablish under a different subreddit name. Bad actors may try to repost removed content. While we continue to work on improving our detection capabilities regarding these types of enforcement evasion, we may be unable to prevent such individuals or communities from further disrupting our platform and producing content that violates our rules. If users or potential users perceive the content available on Reddit to be offensive, inappropriate, hostile, or otherwise objectionable, or if they perceive such content to be representative of our community experience, our reputation would be harmed and we may experience a decline in user growth, retention, and engagement. In addition, some people may perceive our layered approach to content moderation to mean that Reddit condones offensive, inappropriate, hostile, or otherwise objectionable content that is not removed from our platform. Growth in these perceptions could harm our reputation or impair our ability to maintain good relationships with our advertisers or attract new advertisers, which may seriously harm our business. We face significant competition for advertising spend, and if advertising partners perceive our platform to be associated with content deemed to be offensive, inappropriate, hostile, or otherwise objectionable or problematic, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. We rely on an approach to content moderation that depends on Redditors who volunteer to be moderators of their communities. If we fail to retain a sufficient number of moderators who are willing to work in good faith within our policies or if we fail to properly manage our relationship with moderators, or if a sizable number of moderators choose to take actions that disrupt our services, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. Redditors who volunteer to be moderators of Reddit communities are an important part of our business s ecosystem. Each community relies on one or more moderators who not only review content but also define and enforce community rules. Our business relies on moderators to engage in good faith and to manage their subreddits in a manner that meets the needs of the subreddit s members. Our approach to content moderation depends on the activities of the moderators to protect the experiences 21 Table of Contents of the members of their communities. Our approach requires that moderators be sufficiently active in their moderation activities, depending on the size and scale of their communities. For the larger communities, the need for moderators can be significant, requiring ever-increasing numbers of moderators willing to volunteer their time to effectively scale with the size of the community. In addition, the enforcement demands placed on moderators can increase dramatically on short notice if traffic to a particular subreddit increases due to current events or trends, for example, r/ wallstreetbets, or if a community is subject to coordinated spam or abuse campaigns, despite the availability of tools and the efforts of our employees who oversee and enforce site-wide rules. As communities grow, it can become more and more challenging for communities to find qualified people willing to act as moderators. Moreover, moderators within a community may disagree on the vision for, or direction of, the community, or may simply decide not to work together, resulting in a degraded community experience and subreddit disruption, instability, stagnation, or even dissolution. Moderators, even when acting in good faith, may have different values or viewpoints than what others view as socially acceptable or, worse, may be bad actors against whom we need to enforce our rules. While we provide tools to our communities to manage their subreddits, our moderators also rely on their own and third-party tools. Any disruption to, or lack of availability of, these third-party tools could harm our moderators ability to review content and enforce community rules. Further, if we are unable to provide effective support for third-party moderation tools, develop our own such tools, or otherwise change what tools are available to moderators, our moderators could decide to leave our platform and may encourage their communities to follow them to a new platform, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Because moderators are volunteers, any moderator can decide to stop acting as a moderator and participate only as a community member, or to leave our platform entirely. Although, in 2025, we introduced limitations on the number of large communities that a single user can moderate, certain moderators who moderate large communities or a large number of communities may be able to leverage their influence within those communities to change the dynamics of the discourse within the communities or to disrupt the normal operation of their communities or other communities on our platform. Moderators can also band together and, for various reasons, including changes to Reddit s product or policies, decide to shut down the normal operation of their communities in a manner that degrades the experiences of all Redditors in the affected communities and that can negatively impact Redditors who continue to use our service and reduce the amount of monetizable content generated by Redditors. For example, in response to certain changes to our API policies in June 2023, moderators of certain communities inhibited normal operations of the communities they operate, in many cases in violation of our site-wide rules. While these activities have not historically had a material impact on our business or results of operations, similar actions by moderators and/or their communities in the future could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our ability to generate revenue depends on the development and availability of tools to accurately measure the effectiveness of advertisements on our platform. Most advertisers rely on tools that measure the effectiveness of their ad campaigns or that verify viewability of their ads on our platform in order to allocate their advertising spend among various formats and platforms. If we are unable to measure the effectiveness of advertising on our platform or we are unable to convince advertisers that our platform should be part of a larger advertising budget, our ability to increase the demand and pricing of our advertising products and maintain or scale our advertising revenue will be limited. Our tools may be less developed than those of other platforms with which we compete for advertising spend, in particular relative to those platforms that collect more personal information than we do. Therefore, our ability to develop and offer tools that accurately measure the effectiveness of a campaign or verify ad viewability on our platform will be critical to our ability to attract new advertisers and retain, and increase spend from, our existing advertisers. Developing and improving these tools may require significant time and resources and additional investment, and in some cases we rely on third parties to provide data and technology needed to provide certain measurements or other functions to our advertisers. If we cannot continue to develop and improve our advertising tools in a timely fashion, those tools or data are not reliable, difficult to use, or otherwise unsatisfactory to our advertisers, or the results are inconsistent with advertiser goals, our advertising revenue could be adversely affected. In addition, web and mobile browser developers, such as Apple, Microsoft, and Google, have implemented, and may continue to implement, changes in their browser or device operating systems that impair our ability to measure traffic in general and, in particular, the effectiveness of advertising on our platform. Such changes include limiting the use of first-party and third-party cookies, such as Apple s launch of its Intelligent Tracking Prevention ( ITP ) feature in its Safari browser. They also include Apple s App Tracking Transparency framework which imposes additional user permissions for certain types of user tracking. Even in situations where we do not engage in the type of user tracking that is the target of such changes, these restrictions and evolving privacy regulations requiring us or our advertisers to obtain user consent prior to the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, nevertheless may make it more difficult for us to measure our traffic in general, and, in particular, 22 Table of Contents impair or limit our advertising attribution and conversion capabilities. Such restrictions, in combination with evolving legal and regulatory requirements, may impede our ability to attract and retain advertisers who rely on access to such data. We rely heavily on our ability to collect and share data and metrics to help new and existing advertisers understand the performance of advertising campaigns. If advertisers do not perceive our metrics to be accurate representations of our user base and user engagement, or if we discover inaccuracies in our metrics, they may be less willing to allocate their budgets or resources to our platform, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. See We rely on internal company data, assumptions, and estimates to calculate certain of our key metrics, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such current or historical metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. Reddit growth and engagement depends upon effective interoperation with external ecosystems, like operating systems, application stores, networks, devices, web browsers, regulations, and standards that we do not control. If we are unable to adapt to product and policy changes in such ecosystems, or if we do not effectively operate with or receive favorable placements within such ecosystems, our usage could decline and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. Because we make our products and services available across a variety of operating systems, networks, and websites, we are dependent on the interoperability of our products and services with popular devices, desktop and mobile operating systems, and web browsers that we do not control, such as Mac OS, Windows, Android, iOS, Chrome, Safari, and Firefox. Any changes to these operating systems, devices, web browsers, or online stores distributing our apps that impact the accessibility, speed, or functionality of our products and services or give preferential treatment to competitive products could harm usage of our products and services. Further, if such operating systems or application stores limit the availability of our apps, make changes that degrade the functionality of our apps, increase the cost of using our apps, impose terms of use unsatisfactory to us, limit our ability to target or measure the effectiveness of ads, or modify their search or ratings algorithms in ways that are detrimental to us, or if our competitors placement in such mobile operating systems application store is more prominent than the placement of our apps, our user growth could be adversely affected. Any changes in such operating systems and application stores that degrade the functionality of our apps or give preferential treatment to our competitors apps could also adversely affect our platform s usage across devices. For example, some operating systems have implemented or explored changes to the underlying application architecture, such as Apple s App Tracking Transparency, or specialized infrastructure for advertisement-driven app installations, such as SKAdNetwork, which reduce our ability to target and measure advertising and, in turn, may negatively impact the size of the budgets that advertisers are willing to commit to us. Some marketplaces have explored changing their policies regarding what content is acceptable within an application or introduced age restriction mechanisms for applications containing content exceeding the application s age-based rating. If we are unable to adapt to such changes, this could adversely affect our platform s access to and usage within those ecosystems. Moreover, if the number of platforms for which we develop our products expands, it will result in an increase in our operating expenses. As new mobile devices and mobile platforms are released, there is no guarantee that certain mobile devices will continue to support our platform or effectively roll out updates to our apps. Additionally, in order to deliver high-quality apps, we need to ensure that our products and services are designed to work effectively with a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks, and standards. We may not be successful in developing or maintaining relationships with key participants in the mobile industry that enhance Redditors experience. If Redditors encounter any difficulty accessing or using our apps on their mobile devices or if we are unable to adapt to changes in popular mobile operating systems, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. Additionally, we are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of these operating systems, as well as policies and terms of service of the various application stores that make our apps and experiences available to our developers, creators, and users. These policies and terms of service govern the availability, promotion, distribution, content, and operation generally of applications and experiences on such operating systems and stores. Each provider of these operating systems and stores has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and policies with respect to our platform and those changes may be unfavorable to us and our developers , creators , and users use of our platform. If we were to violate, or an operating system provider or application store believes that we have violated, its terms of service or policies, that operating system provider or application store could limit or discontinue our access to its operating system or store. In some cases these requirements may not be clear or our interpretation of the requirements may not align with the interpretation of the operating system provider or application store, which could lead to inconsistent enforcement of these terms of service or policies against us, and could also result in the operating system provider or application store limiting or discontinuing access to its operating system or store. Any limitation on or discontinuation of our access to any third-party platform or application store could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. We rely on internal company data, assumptions, and estimates to calculate certain of our key metrics, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such current or historical metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 23 Table of Contents We regularly review metrics, including our DAUq metric, to evaluate growth trends, measure our performance, and make strategic decisions. We calculate our DAUq using internal company data. While this number is based on what we believe to be reasonable calculations for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring DAUq. DAUq is intended to capture traffic where a Reddit page has been viewed or the Reddit app opened at least once and, notably, include both traffic from those who have logged in to a registered account as well as from those who have not logged in to or do not have a registered account. In general, it is more challenging to accurately count logged-out traffic, since counting accuracy is dependent on deduplicating traffic where we do not have a registered user identifier. While we use various techniques to detect whether the same user has performed multiple views, including cookies and traffic analysis, these techniques are not guaranteed to accurately deduplicate the traffic, especially for logged-out traffic. In addition, some visitors browse Reddit using an incognito or private browsing mode. Given the privacy protections surrounding such traffic, we often do not have adequate information to accurately deduplicate such traffic. Our DAUq metrics may also be impacted by our efforts to reduce the number of false, spam, and bot accounts in existence on our platform. We regularly deactivate false, spam, and bot accounts that violate our terms or policies, and exclude these users from the calculation of our DAUq metric; however, we will not succeed in identifying and removing all false, spam, and bot accounts, which means that our DAUq count could be overstated. We are continually seeking to improve our ability to estimate the total number of false, spam, and bot accounts and eliminate them from the calculation of our DAUq, although our quarterly average DAUq metric may continue to reflect such accounts if, in our view, the impact of their inclusion has an immaterial impact on our average DAUq for the given quarter. Moreover, a single person or organization may hold multiple accounts and may use more than one account to perform multiple views within a relevant period. We lack adequate information to effectively deduplicate such traffic from different registered accounts that may come from the same person or organization. As such, the calculation of our DAUq may not accurately reflect the actual number of people or organizations using our platform. The risks and challenges relating to our DAUq metric are also applicable to our WAUq metric, and while we may consider and possibly disclose other metrics in the future, there may be additional challenges with accurately counting such metrics. For example, deduplicating screenviews across an entire week, such as with our WAUq metric, or across an entire month exacerbates the deduplication challenges described above. In certain cases, we may need to rely on estimation techniques to improve the accuracy of such metrics. The accuracy of these techniques will depend on the methodologies chosen, resulting in a metric that may not accurately reflect the monthly traffic to our platform. We regularly review and continually seek to improve the accuracy of and our ability to track such data, but given the complexity of the systems involved and the rapidly changing nature of mobile devices and systems, we expect to continue to encounter challenges, particularly if we continue to expand in parts of the world where mobile data systems and connections are less stable. In addition, we may improve or change our methodologies for tracking these metrics over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. As a result, while any future periods may benefit from such improvement or change, prior periods may not be as accurate or comparable, or we may need to adjust such prior periods. The methodologies used to measure these metrics require significant judgment and are also susceptible to algorithmic or other technical errors. In addition, our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. Further, as our business develops, we may revise or cease reporting metrics if we determine that such metrics are no longer accurate or appropriate measures of our performance. Errors or inaccuracies in our metrics or data could also result in incorrect business decisions and inefficiencies. For instance, if a significant understatement or overstatement of active users were to occur, we may expend resources to implement unnecessary business measures or fail to take required actions to attract a sufficient number of users to satisfy our growth strategies. In addition, our advertising partners rely on our metrics to inform ad spend. Inaccuracies or perceived inaccuracies in our metrics, may result in advertisers spending less with us, which could negatively affect our revenue. We continually seek to address technical issues in our ability to record such data and improve our accuracy, but given the complexity of the systems involved and the rapidly changing nature of mobile devices and systems, we expect these issues to continue, particularly if we continue to expand in parts of the world where mobile data systems and connections are less stable. If our operational metrics are not accurate representations of our business, or if investors do not perceive these metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our reputation may be significantly harmed, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, we may be subject to stockholder litigation, and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. Disruptions or other business interruptions that affect the availability of our platform could adversely impact our operations and overall business. 24 Table of Contents Our cloud service infrastructure is run on our cloud services providers ( CSPs ), which are currently Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform. We have experienced, and expect in the future that we may experience from time to time, interruptions, delays, or outages in service availability due to a variety of factors, including outages at our CSPs. For example, a widespread Amazon Web Services outage on October 20, 2025, caused significant interruptions that rendered our platform temporarily inaccessible to users. Capacity constraints could arise from a number of causes such as technical failures, natural disasters, fraud, or data breaches or other security incidents or attacks. Our platform s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success, and any disruption of, or interference with, our use of CSPs could impair our ability to deliver our solutions to our users, resulting in legal liability, user dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of users, and harm to our business. The level of service provided by our CSPs, or regular or prolonged interruptions in that service, could also impact the use of, and Redditors satisfaction with, our platform and could harm our business and reputation. Since our platform s continuing and uninterrupted performance is important to our success, sustained or repeated system failures would reduce the attractiveness of our platform. In addition, hosting costs may increase as our user base grows, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Furthermore, our CSPs have discretion to change and interpret their terms of service and other policies with respect to us, including on contract renewal, and those actions may be unfavorable to our business operations. Our CSPs may also take actions beyond our control that could seriously harm our business, including discontinuing or limiting our access to one or more cloud services, increasing pricing terms, terminating or seeking to terminate our contractual relationship altogether (which they may be able to do for their convenience), or altering how we are able to process data in a way that is unfavorable or costly to us. If our arrangements with either of our CSPs were terminated, we could experience interruptions on our platform and in our ability to make our content available to users, as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging for alternative cloud infrastructure services. Such a transition may require technical changes to our platform, including, but not limited to, our cloud service infrastructure which was designed to run on our CSPs. Making such changes could be costly in terms of time and financial resources and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Further, a significant natural disaster or other catastrophic event, such as an earthquake, fire, flood, power outage, telecommunications failure, cyberattack, war, terrorist attack, sabotage, other intentional acts of vandalism or misconduct, geopolitical event, pandemic or other public health crisis, or other catastrophic occurrence could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. We have offices and a significant number of employees in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. Furthermore, escalation of geopolitical tensions, including as a result of escalations in the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the escalation of conflict in the Middle East, or tariffs or other trade restrictions by the United States and other countries, could have a broader impact that expands into other markets where we do business, which could adversely affect our business, vendors, partners, Redditors, or the economy as a whole. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our services or disruptions in our activities or the activities of our vendors, partners, Redditors, or the economy as a whole. All of the aforementioned risks may be further increased if our disaster recovery plans prove to be inadequate. We do not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to our business that may result from interruptions in our ability to provide our products and services. Any such natural disaster or man-made problem could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. If we fail to detect attempts to manipulate our platform, including fraudulent activity within our advertising systems, Redditors and our advertisers could lose confidence in us, thereby damaging our reputation and deterring usage of our products and services. We are exposed to a variety of forms of problematic activity across our platform, including sophisticated attempts by bad actors to manipulate our systems to generate traffic that may not represent genuine Redditor interest or intent. For example, an attacker may attempt to automate the activities of an account or multiple accounts using a bot so as to mimic authentic user activity, such as posting, commenting, voting, or clicking and engaging with advertisements. This sort of manipulation can result in the promotion of inauthentic, low-quality content that is false, misleading, illegal, or undesirable. Such manipulation can also be more difficult to detect due to the use of emerging technologies, including AI and LLM models, by bad actors. It can also degrade the quality of our services and can also undermine the operation of our monetization systems, including our advertising systems, resulting in incorrect counting and charging of advertising partners. While we invest in efforts to detect and prevent inauthentic content or invalid traffic, including investments in proprietary technologies to detect and address content and vote manipulation, we may be unable to adequately detect and prevent such abuses. If we fail to detect and prevent such abuse, it could hurt our reputation for authentic engagement and reduce use of our platform, harming our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Advertisers may seek refunds or credit for activity that they deem inauthentic. Even where we are able to detect fraudulent activity, this may result in a need to provide 25 Table of Contents retroactive refunds or credits for historical inauthentic activity, further harming our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. We have explored, and will continue to explore, business opportunities in content licensing for purposes including machine learning, business analysis, display, and training generative AI models. We are in the early stages of our content licensing efforts, and the market for content is new and evolving rapidly. There is no assurance that we will be able to sustain revenues from these efforts. We have explored, and will continue to explore, business opportunities in licensing Reddit content for purposes that do not conflict with our values and the rights of Redditors. We are only in the early stages of these content licensing efforts and we may not be able to grow these efforts into a sustainable business. The licensing of content for machine learning and AI training purposes is a novel business model without an established track record, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter in seeking to execute on this opportunity. Although we have negotiated content licensing agreements with a number of partners that are medium-term in length, to date, substantially all of the contract value associated with our licensing revenue is derived from two of our partners, and these arrangements may not be renewed, or they may be renewed based on less favorable terms, such as using fewer services at lower pricing. Our content licensing agreements are subject to terms and conditions, including API performance requirements, that we may be unable to meet. In addition, our existing content licensing agreements may be terminated, not renewed, or renewed on less favorable terms. The commercial market for LLMs may not develop or may be limited by regulation or other factors, and accordingly, the value of content for AI training purposes may be reduced over time, and we may also not be able to secure arrangements on similar terms, or at all, with any other licensees. While our content licensing arrangements include protections against abuse and misuse of Reddit content, we may be unable to adequately control the misbehavior of partners or adequately protect our reputation externally and with respect to our communities, which may expose us to legal or regulatory action. Moreover, some companies have and may continue to decline to license Reddit content and use such content without license given its open nature, even if in violation of the legal terms governing our services. For example, some companies have constructed very large commercial language models using Reddit content without entering into a license agreement with us. While we have commenced litigation and will continue to vigorously enforce against such entities, such enforcement activities could take years to resolve, result in substantial expense and divert management s attention and other resources, and we may not ultimately be successful. We are subject to certain risks as a mission-based company. Our mission empower communities and make their knowledge accessible to everyone and company values are a significant part of our business strategy and who we are as a company. We believe that Redditors value our commitment to our mission of open discourse. However, because we hold ourselves to such high standards, and because we believe Redditors and our moderators have high expectations of us, we may be more severely affected by negative reports or publicity if we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to live up to our mission. As a result, our brand and reputation may be negatively affected by actions we take that are viewed as contrary to that mission. In addition, adhering to our mission may negatively affect our reputation. We remain under continued public scrutiny with regard to the moderation of content related to global elections and politics generally. For example, in February 2025, the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) held a public comment period on how technology platforms deny or degrade users access to services based on the content of users speech or their affiliations and Reddit was among the companies mentioned in the public comments that the FTC requested. In these or other circumstances, the damage to our reputation may be greater than to other companies that do not share similar values with us, and it may take us longer to recover from such an incident and gain back the trust of Redditors. We may make decisions regarding our business and products in accordance with our mission and values that may reduce our short- or medium-term results of operations if we believe those decisions are consistent with our mission and will improve the aggregate Redditor experience. Although we expect that our commitment to our mission will, accordingly, improve our financial performance over the long term, these decisions may not be consistent with the expectations of investors and any longer-term benefits may not materialize within the time frame we expect or at all, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Risks Related to Human Capital and Culture We cannot assure you that we will effectively manage our growth or maintain our corporate culture as we grow. Our employee headcount and the scope and complexity of our business has continued to increase with the number of full-time employees increasing to 2,555 as of December 31, 2025 from 2,233 as of December 31, 2024. The growth and expansion 26 Table of Contents of our business and products create significant challenges for our management, including managing multiple relationships with Redditors, advertisers, partners, and other third parties, and constraining operational and financial resources. If our operations or the number of third-party relationships continue to grow, our information-technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may not adequately support our operations. In addition, some members of our management do not have significant experience managing large global business operations, so our management may not be able to manage such growth effectively. We also believe that our corporate culture has been a key contributor to our success. If we do not continue to develop our corporate culture and successfully implement more scalable organization structures as we grow and evolve, it could negatively impact our ability to foster the innovation, creativity, and teamwork that we believe are important to support our growth. To effectively manage our growth, we must continue to improve our operational, financial, and management processes and systems and effectively expand, train, engage, and manage our employee base. Further, although we expect to continue to grow our headcount in future periods, we have in the past implemented, and may in the future implement, organizational changes to pursue greater efficiency and realign our business and strategic priorities. We may not experience the anticipated benefits, in whole or in part, of such strategic reprioritizations, and the related organizational changes, including reductions in our workforce, could result in unintended consequences, such as decreased morale among remaining employees and reputational damage, which could make it more difficult for us to retain existing employees or hire new employees in the future, greater than anticipated costs, the loss of institutional knowledge and expertise, and increased difficulty managing the scale and complexity of our business. If we do not effectively redistribute the duties and obligations of departed employees among our remaining employees, or if employees who were not affected by the reduction in our workforce seek alternative employment, we could incur unplanned additional expenses to ensure adequate resourcing and our productivity and business could be harmed. Our business depends on attracting and retaining high-quality personnel in sales, services, engineering, marketing, finance, and support functions. Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain high-quality personnel representing diverse backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets in sales, services, engineering, marketing, finance, and support functions. Maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a diverse and inclusive work environment that enables all our employees to thrive, is important to our ability to recruit and retain employees. Changes to U.S. immigration policies that restrain the flow of technical and professional talent may inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and de
