. RISK FACTORS We operate in an environment that involves a number of significant risks and uncertainties. We caution you to read the following RISK FACTORS, which have affected, and/or in the future could affect, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. The risks described below include forward-looking statements, and actual events and our actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, additional risks and uncertainties are described under other captions in this report and should also be considered by our investors. For purposes of this section (as well as this report in general), references to our products encompass products marketed or otherwise commercialized by us and/or our collaborators or licensees; and references to our product candidates encompass product candidates in development by us and/or our collaborators or licensees (in the case of collaborated or licensed products or product candidates under the terms of the applicable collaboration or license agreements), unless otherwise stated or required by the context. In this section, we first provide a summary of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face and then provide a full set of RISK FACTORS and discuss them in greater detail. Summary of RISK FACTORS As noted above, we are subject to a number of risks that if realized could materially harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Some of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face include those summarized below. The summary below is not exhaustive and is qualified by reference to the full set of RISK FACTORS set forth in this "RISK FACTORS" section. Please carefully consider all of the information in this Form 10-K, including the full set of risks set forth in this "RISK FACTORS" section, and in our other filings with the SEC before making an investment decision regarding Regeneron. Commercialization Risks We are substantially dependent on the success of EYLEA HD, EYLEA, and Dupixent. Sales of our products are dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement or copay assistance from third-party payors and other third parties, including private payors and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Product reimbursement and coverage policies and practices, pricing regulations and requirements, and our pricing strategy could change due to various factors beyond our control, such as drug price control measures that have been or may be enacted or introduced in the United States by various federal and state authorities. The commercial success of our products is subject to significant competition from products or product candidates that may be superior to, or more established or cost effective than, our products or product candidates, including biosimilars. We and our collaborators on which we rely to commercialize some of our marketed products may be unable to continue to successfully commercialize or co-commercialize our products, both in and outside the United States. Regulatory and Development Risks Drug development and obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for drug and biologic products is costly, time-consuming, and highly uncertain. Serious complications or side effects in connection with the use or development of our products or product candidates could cause our regulatory approvals to be revoked or limited or lead to delay or discontinuation of development of our product candidates or new indications for our marketed products. 36 Table of Contents We may be unable to formulate or manufacture our product candidates in a way that is suitable for clinical or commercial use, which would delay or prevent continued development of such candidates and/or receipt of regulatory approval or commercial sale. Many of our products are intended to be used in combination with drug-delivery devices, which may result in additional regulatory, commercialization, and other risks. Intellectual Property and Market Exclusivity Risks We may not be able to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, and our patents or other means of defending our intellectual property may be insufficient to protect our proprietary rights. Patents or proprietary rights of others may restrict our development, manufacturing, and/or commercialization efforts and subject us to patent litigation and other proceedings that could find us liable for damages. Loss or limitation of patent rights, and regulatory pathways for biosimilar competition, have in the past reduced and could reduce in the future the duration of market exclusivity for our products. Manufacturing and Supply Risks We rely on limited internal and contracted manufacturing and supply chain capacity, which could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our products and to advance our clinical pipeline. As we increase our production in response to higher product demand or in anticipation of potential regulatory approvals, our current manufacturing capacity will likely not be sufficient, and our dependence on our collaborators and/or contract manufacturers may increase, to produce adequate quantities of drug material for both commercial and clinical purposes. Expanding our manufacturing capacity and establishing fill/finish capabilities has been and will continue to be costly and we may be unsuccessful in doing so in a timely manner, which could delay or prevent the launch and successful commercialization of our products approved for marketing and could jeopardize our clinical development programs. Our ability to manufacture products may be impaired if any of our or our collaborators' manufacturing activities, or the activities of other third parties involved in our manufacture and supply chain, are found to infringe patents of others. If sales of our marketed products do not meet the levels currently expected, or if the launch of any of our product candidates is delayed or unsuccessful, we may face costs related to excess inventory or unused capacity at our manufacturing facilities and at the facilities of third parties or our collaborators. Third-party service or supply failures, failures at our manufacturing facilities in Rensselaer, New York and Limerick, Ireland, or failures at the facilities of any other party participating in the supply chain would adversely affect our ability to supply our products. Our or our collaborators' or contract manufacturers' failure to meet the stringent requirements of governmental regulation in the manufacture of drug products or product candidates could result in incurring substantial remedial costs, delays in the development or approval of our product candidates or new indications for our marketed products and/or in their commercial launch if regulatory approval is obtained, and a reduction in sales. Other Regulatory and Litigation Risks If the testing or use of our products harms people, or is perceived to harm them even when such harm is unrelated to our products, we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. Our business activities have been, and may in the future be, challenged under U.S. federal or state and foreign healthcare laws, which may subject us to civil or criminal proceedings, investigations, or penalties. If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions, and fines. We face risks from the improper conduct of our employees, agents, contractors, or collaborators, including those relating to potential non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the use of hazardous materials. Changes in laws, regulations, and policies affecting the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business. Tax liabilities, tariffs and other trade restrictions, and other risks associated with our operations outside the United States could adversely affect our business. We face risks related to the personal data we collect, process, and share. 37 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Reliance on or Transactions with Third Parties If our collaborations with Sanofi or Bayer or other third parties are terminated or breached, our ability to develop, manufacture, and commercialize certain of our products and product candidates in the time expected, or at all, may be materially harmed. Our collaborators and service providers may fail to perform adequately in their efforts to support the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our drug candidates and current and future products. We have undertaken and may in the future undertake strategic acquisitions, and any difficulties from integrating such acquisitions or failure to realize the expected benefits from such acquisitions could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Other Risks Related to Our Business and Our Common Stock Our business is dependent on our key personnel and will be harmed if we cannot recruit or retain key members of our senior management team, including leaders in our research, development, manufacturing, and commercial organizations. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. Public health outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect our business. Our indebtedness could adversely impact our business. Our stock price is extremely volatile. Our existing shareholders may be able to exert substantial influence over matters requiring shareholder approval and over our management. * * * Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Marketed Products, Product Candidates, and New Indications for Our Marketed Products We are substantially dependent on the success of EYLEA HD, EYLEA, and Dupixent. We are substantially dependent on the success of EYLEA HD and EYLEA. Net product sales of these products have historically represented a substantial portion of our revenues, and we expect this concentration of our net sales to continue in the future with an increasing dependence on EYLEA HD relative to our historical dependence on EYLEA. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, our aggregate EYLEA HD and EYLEA net product sales in the United States represented 31% and 42% of our total revenues, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2025, EYLEA HD U.S. net product sales represented 37% of our aggregate EYLEA HD and EYLEA U.S. net product sales. If we experience difficulty with the commercialization of EYLEA HD or EYLEA in the United States or if Bayer experiences any difficulty with the commercialization of EYLEA HD or EYLEA outside the United States, if EYLEA HD net product sales do not sufficiently offset any sustained decline of EYLEA net product sales in or outside the United States, or if we and Bayer are unable to maintain or obtain marketing approvals of these products (as applicable), we may experience a reduction in revenue and may not be able to stay profitable at the levels we previously achieved or at all, and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition may be materially harmed. Commercialization of EYLEA HD and EYLEA in the United States and elsewhere is subject to significant competition (as described further below under " The commercial success of our products and product candidates is subject to significant competition "), which we expect to continue to increase in the future. For the year ended December 31, 2025, EYLEA U.S. net product sales declined by 42% compared to the corresponding period in 2024 as a result of competitive pressures and other factors described under Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations." Following the expiration of the U.S. regulatory exclusivity period for EYLEA in May 2024, several biosimilar versions of EYLEA have been approved by the FDA, and one such product has launched in the United States. EYLEA and/or EYLEA HD net product sales recorded by us are likely to continue to be negatively impacted by biosimilar competition in the United States, including competition from additional biosimilar versions of EYLEA expected to launch in the United States in the second half of 2026, which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, we expect that competition for EYLEA and/or EYLEA HD outside the United States will continue to increase as biosimilar versions of EYLEA (including those already approved but not yet launched) are brought to market in additional countries, which may negatively impact the amount of collaboration revenue we earn from Bayer. While the FDA recently approved EYLEA HD for the treatment of RVO and for an every 4-week dosing regimen across approved indications and we continue to work toward FDA approval of the EYLEA HD pre-filled syringe as discussed under Part I, Item 1. "Business - Programs in Clinical Development - Additional Information - Clinical Development Programs - EYLEA HD," there can be no assurance that such milestones (including potential FDA approval of the EYLEA HD pre-filled syringe) will help accelerate any potential future growth of EYLEA HD net product 38 Table of Contents sales. The degree to which EYLEA HD net product sales may offset further potential decreases in EYLEA net product sales, resulting from the factors discussed above or otherwise, is uncertain. We also are substantially dependent on our share of profits from the commercialization of Dupixent under our collaboration with Sanofi (the "Antibody Collaboration"). For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, Sanofi collaboration revenue (most of which is attributable to our share of profits from the commercialization of Dupixent) represented 41% and 32% of our total revenues, respectively. If we or Sanofi were to experience any difficulty with the commercialization of Dupixent or if we or Sanofi are unable to maintain current marketing approvals of Dupixent, we may experience a reduction in revenue and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition may be materially harmed. If we or our collaborators are unable to continue to successfully commercialize our products, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition will be materially harmed. We expect that the degree of commercial success of our marketed products will continue to depend on many factors, including the following (as applicable): effectiveness of the commercial strategy in and outside the United States for the marketing of our products, including pricing strategy; sufficient coverage of, and reimbursement or copay assistance for, our marketed products by third-party payors and other third parties, including Medicare and Medicaid in the United States and other government and private payors in the United States and foreign jurisdictions, as well as U.S. and foreign payor restrictions on eligible patient populations and the reimbursement process (including drug price control measures that have been or may be enacted or introduced in the United States by various federal and state authorities); our ability and our collaborators' ability to maintain sales of our marketed products in the face of competitive products and to differentiate our marketed products from competitive products, including as applicable product candidates currently in clinical development; and, in the case of EYLEA HD and EYLEA, the existing and potential new branded and biosimilar competition (discussed further under " The commercial success of our products and product candidates is subject to significant competition - Marketed Products" below) and the willingness of retinal specialists and patients to start or continue treatment with such products or to switch from a competitive product to one of our products; the safety and efficacy of our marketed products seen in a broader patient group (i.e., real-world use); the effect of existing and new healthcare laws and regulations currently being considered or implemented in the United States and globally, including measures requiring the U.S. government in the future to negotiate the prices of certain drugs and price reporting and other disclosure requirements and the potential impact of such requirements on physician prescribing practices and payor coverage; serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of our marketed products, as discussed under "Risks Related to Maintaining Approval of Our Marketed Products and the Development and Obtaining Approval of Our Product Candidates and New Indications for Our Marketed Products - Serious complications or side effects in connection with the use or development of our products or product candidates could cause our regulatory approvals to be revoked or limited or lead to delay or discontinuation of development of our product candidates or new indications for our marketed products, which could severely harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition " below; maintaining and successfully monitoring commercial manufacturing arrangements for our marketed products with third parties who perform fill/finish and bulk product manufacturing or other steps in the manufacture of such products to ensure that they meet our standards and those of regulatory authorities, including the FDA, which extensively regulate and monitor, and have been increasing their focus on, pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities; our ability to meet the demand for commercial supplies of our marketed products; the outcome of the pending proceedings relating to EYLEA (described further in Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report), as well as other risks relating to our marketed products and product candidates associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (as discussed under "Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Market Exclusivity" below); the outcome of the pending government proceedings and investigations and other matters described in Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report (including the civil proceedings initiated or joined by the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts); and the results of post-approval studies, whether conducted by us or by others and whether mandated by regulatory agencies or voluntary, and studies of other products that could implicate an entire class of products or are perceived to do so. More detailed information about the risks related to the commercialization of our marketed products is provided in the RISK FACTORS below. 39 Table of Contents We and our collaborators are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight with respect to the products we or our collaborators commercialize. If we or our collaborators fail to maintain regulatory compliance for any of such products, the applicable marketing approval may be withdrawn, which would materially harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. We and our collaborators are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight with respect to the products we or they commercialize for the products' currently approved indications in the United States, EU, Japan, and other countries. If we or our collaborators fail to maintain regulatory compliance or satisfy other obligations for such products' currently approved indications (including because the product does not meet the relevant endpoints of any required post-approval studies (such as those required under an accelerated approval by the FDA or other similar type of approval), or for any of the reasons discussed below under "Risks Related to Maintaining Approval of Our Marketed Products and the Development and Obtaining Approval of Our Product Candidates and New Indications for Our Marketed Products - Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for drug and biologic products is costly, time-consuming, and highly uncertain. If we or our collaborators do not maintain regulatory approval for our marketed products, or obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will not be able to market or sell them; and if we do not obtain approvals for new indications for our marketed products, we may not be able to realize the full commercial potential of such products. Any of the foregoing may materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. "), the applicable marketing approval may be withdrawn, which would materially harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Failure to comply may also subject us to sanctions, product recalls, or withdrawals of previously approved marketing applications. See also "Risks Related to Manufacturing and Supply - Our or our collaborators' or contract manufacturers' failure to meet the stringent requirements of governmental regulation in the manufacture of drug products or product candidates could result in incurring substantial remedial costs, delays in the development or approval of our product candidates or new indications for our marketed products and/or in their commercial launch if regulatory approval is obtained, and a reduction in sales " below. Sales of our marketed products are dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement and copay assistance from third-party payors and other third parties. Sales of our marketed products in the United States are dependent, in large part, on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, including private payor healthcare and insurance programs, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies ("PBMs"), and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Such sales are also impacted by the ability of patients to afford copays and the availability and extent of copay assistance, including copay assistance provided by other third parties (such as not-for-profit patient assistance funds). Sales of our marketed products in other countries are also dependent, in large part, on complex coverage and reimbursement mechanisms and programs in those countries. Our revenues and profitability will be materially adversely affected if such third-party payors and other third parties do not adequately defray or reimburse the cost of our marketed products. If third-party payors do not provide coverage and reimbursement with respect to our marketed products or provide an insufficient level of coverage and reimbursement, such products may be too costly for many patients to afford them, and physicians may not prescribe them. Many third-party payors cover only selected drugs, or may prefer selected drugs, making drugs that are not covered or preferred by such payors more expensive for patients. Third-party payors may also require prior authorization for reimbursement, require failure on another type of treatment, or impose other utilization management restrictions before covering a particular drug, particularly with respect to higher-priced drugs. Further, sales of our marketed products (such as EYLEA HD and EYLEA) in the United States may be adversely impacted by the lack of sufficient copay assistance from not-for-profit patient assistance funds. For example, a loss in market share to compounded bevacizumab due to patient affordability constraints impacted U.S. net product sales of EYLEA for the year ended December 31, 2025, as further described under Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations." If independent not-for-profit patient assistance funds that provide patient copay assistance are unable to support eligible patients, this will likely have a continued negative impact on patient affordability resulting in lower utilization of higher-cost anti-VEGF agents. As our currently marketed products and most of our product candidates are biologics, bringing them to market may cost more than bringing traditional, small-molecule drugs to market due to the complexity associated with the research, development, production, supply, and regulatory review of such products. Given cost sensitivities in many healthcare systems, our currently marketed products and product candidates are likely to be subject to continued pricing pressures, which may have an adverse impact on our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, in order for private insurance and governmental payors (such as Medicare and Medicaid in the United States) to reimburse the cost of our marketed products, we must maintain, among other things, our FDA registration and our National Drug Code, formulary approval by PBMs, and recognition by insurance companies and CMS. There is no certainty that we will be able 40 Table of Contents to obtain or maintain the applicable requirements for reimbursement (including relevant formulary coverage, as discussed further below) of our current and future marketed products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, PBMs and other managed-care organizations often develop formularies to reduce their cost for medications. The breadth of the products covered by formularies varies considerably from one PBM to another. Failure to be included in such formularies or to achieve favorable formulary status may negatively impact the utilization and market share of our marketed products. If our marketed products are not included within an adequate number of formularies, adequate reimbursement levels are not provided, the eligible insured patient population for our products is limited, or a key payor refuses to provide reimbursement for our products in a particular jurisdiction altogether, this could have a material adverse effect on our and our collaborators' ability to commercialize the applicable product. In many countries outside the United States, pricing, coverage, and level of reimbursement of prescription drugs are subject to governmental control, and we and our collaborators may be unable to obtain coverage, pricing, and/or reimbursement on terms that are favorable to us or necessary for us or our collaborators to successfully commercialize our marketed products in those countries. In some of these countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country, and may take into account the clinical effectiveness, cost, and service impact of existing, new, and emerging drugs and treatments. For example, the EU provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect limitations on the profitability of the medicinal product placed on the market. In addition, in many countries outside the United States, we or our collaborators must participate in a tender process for public procurement of our products, and any failure to obtain acceptable pricing in the tender process could adversely affect our business. Our results of operations may suffer if we or our collaborators are unable to market our products in countries outside the United States or if coverage and reimbursement for our marketed products in such countries is limited or delayed. As discussed below under " If we are unable to establish sufficient commercial capabilities outside the United States for products we intend to commercialize or co-commercialize outside the United States, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected, " we will need to manage these and other commercialization-related risks in order for us to successfully maintain and/or further develop sufficient commercial capabilities outside the United States. Product reimbursement and coverage policies and practices, pricing regulations and requirements, and our pricing strategy could change due to various factors beyond our control, which may adversely impact our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Government and other third-party payors (including PBMs) are challenging the prices charged for healthcare products and increasingly limiting, and attempting to limit, both coverage and level of reimbursement for prescription drugs, such as by requiring outcomes-based or other pay-for-performance pricing arrangements. They are also imposing restrictions on eligible patient populations and the reimbursement process, including by means of required prior authorizations and utilization management criteria, such as step therapy (i.e., requiring the use of less costly medications before more costly medications are approved for coverage). Private payor healthcare and insurance providers, health maintenance organizations, and PBMs are increasingly requiring significant discounts and rebates from manufacturers as a condition to including products on formulary with favorable coverage and copayment/coinsurance. In addition, many payors continue to adopt benefit plan changes that shift a greater portion of prescription costs to patients, including more limited benefit plan designs, higher patient copay or coinsurance obligations, and limitations on patients' use of commercial manufacturer copay payment assistance programs (including through copay accumulator adjustment or maximization programs). Some states have also enacted or are considering legislation to control the prices and reimbursement of prescription drugs, including by establishing Prescription Drug Affordability Boards (or similar entities) to review high-cost drugs, setting upper payment limits, and/or implementing marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures. Additionally, state Medicaid programs have been increasingly requesting that manufacturers, including Regeneron, pay supplemental rebates and requiring prior authorization by the state program for use of any prescription drug for which supplemental rebates are not being paid. It is likely that federal and state legislatures and health agencies will continue to focus on additional healthcare reform measures in the future that will impose additional constraints on prices and reimbursements for our marketed products. Further, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries, executive orders, and recently approved or proposed federal and state legislation, regulations, and policies (in addition to those already in effect) designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the out-of-pocket cost of prescription drugs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. Notably, in 2022 the U.S. Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act ("IRA"), which includes, among other items, provisions regarding the following: 41 Table of Contents Implementation of a Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program (the "Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program"). The Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program requires the government to set prices for select high-expenditure drugs covered under Medicare Parts B and D. Starting in 2023 and 2026, the government is authorized to select Part D and Part B drugs, respectively, for inclusion in the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, with established prices to go into effect for selected Part D drugs in 2026 and for selected Part B drugs in 2028, in each case absent certain disqualifying events. Medicare Inflation Based Rebates . The IRA includes measures requiring manufacturers to pay rebates where increases to the average sales price or average manufacturer price of drugs covered under Medicare Parts B and D, respectively, exceed the rate of inflation. Medicare Part D Program Redesign . The IRA implements changes to the Medicare Part D benefits to limit patient out-of-pocket drug costs and shift program liabilities from patients to other stakeholders, including health plans, manufacturers, and the government. The full extent to which the policy changes described above will ultimately impact reimbursement levels of our marketed products, including those covered under Medicare Part B (such as EYLEA HD and EYLEA), or our product candidates that may be covered under Medicare Part B or Medicare Part D in the future, is currently unclear. In addition, the current U.S. administration is pursuing other measures to reduce the cost of drugs in the United States. For example, in May 2025, an executive order directed the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") and other federal agencies to take certain steps intended to, among other things, reduce the prices of drugs sold in the United States to match the lowest price available for the same drugs in comparably developed nations (commonly referred to as "most-favored-nation" ("MFN") pricing). In July 2025, as a follow-up to this executive order, President Trump sent a letter to several pharmaceutical companies (including Regeneron) requesting that within the next 60 days they, among other matters, provide their existing drugs at MFN rates to Medicaid patients, guarantee MFN pricing for newly launched drugs, and provide for direct-to-consumer and direct-to-business distribution models for high-volume, high-rebate prescription drugs. In addition, a prior executive order from April 2025 directed the HHS to take appropriate steps to, among other things, modify certain provisions of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, develop and implement a payment model to reduce the price of high-cost prescription drugs and biological products covered by Medicare, accelerate approval of generic and biosimilar products, and facilitate the ability of states to import pharmaceuticals from other countries. In response to these executive orders, in December 2025, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation proposed two mandatory Medicare payment models that, if enacted into law, would apply to certain drugs covered under Medicare Parts B and D and test whether alternative methodologies for calculating inflationary rebates based on international reference pricing would reduce Medicare spending. It is currently unclear how and to what extent the measures described in this paragraph may be implemented and what impact any such implementation would have on our Company. At the state level, legislatures are becoming increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, price and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and measures that could expand the applicability of the ceiling price under the federal government's 340B program (see also "Other Regulatory and Litigation Risks - If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions, and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects ."). In some cases, these measures are designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. A reduction in the availability or extent of reimbursement from U.S. government programs (including as a result of the legislation, proposals, initiatives, and developments described above) could have a material adverse effect on the sales of our marketed products. Economic pressure on state budgets may also have a similar impact. The commercial success of our products and product candidates is subject to significant competition. Marketed Products We face substantial competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater research, preclinical and clinical product development, and manufacturing capabilities, as well as financial, marketing, and human resources, than we do. Our competitors, regardless of their size, may also enhance their competitive position if they acquire or discover patentable inventions, form collaborative arrangements, or merge with other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies. There is significant actual and potential future competition for each of our marketed products. EYLEA HD and EYLEA. EYLEA HD and EYLEA face significant competition in the marketplace. For example, each of EYLEA HD and EYLEA competes in one or more of its approved indications with other VEGF inhibitors. These include Genentech/Roche's Vabysmo (faricimab-svoa) and Susvimo (ranibizumab ocular implant); Novartis and Genentech/Roche's Lucentis (ranibizumab); Novartis' Beovu (brolucizumab); and a biosimilar version of Lucentis commercialized in the United States by Biogen Inc. In addition, biosimilar versions of EYLEA have been approved and/or launched both in and outside the United States, including Amgen's Pavblu (aflibercept-ayyh) (launched in the United States in the fourth quarter of 2024). We are aware of 42 Table of Contents several other companies developing biosimilar versions of EYLEA, EYLEA HD, and/or other approved anti-VEGF treatments. We expect that biosimilar competition for EYLEA will continue to increase as additional biosimilar versions of EYLEA are launched in the United States and other countries, the timing of which will depend on, among other factors, the outcome of the pending patent litigation proceedings and the settlement terms of the previously pending litigation proceedings described in Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report and the expiration of the patents protecting EYLEA (including those set forth under Part I - Item 1. "Business - Patents, Trademarks, and Trade Secrets"). Ophthalmologists are also using off-label, third-party repackaged versions of Genentech/Roche's approved VEGF antagonist, bevacizumab, for the treatment of certain of EYLEA HD's and EYLEA's respective indications, and we are aware of another company developing an ophthalmic formulation of such product that has been approved in the EU. In DME and RVO, EYLEA HD and EYLEA also compete with intravitreal implants of corticosteroids. We are also aware of a number of companies working on the development of product candidates and extended delivery devices for the potential treatment of one or more of EYLEA HD's and EYLEA's respective indications, including those that act by blocking VEGF and VEGF receptors (including therapies designed to extend the treatment interval) and/or other targets. Other potentially competitive products in development include products for use in combination with EYLEA and/or other anti-VEGF treatments, small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors, gene therapies, and other eye-drop formulations, devices, and oral therapies. There also is a risk that third parties repackage ZALTRAP for off-label use and sale for the treatment of diseases of the eye, even though ZALTRAP has not been manufactured and formulated for use in intravitreal injections. We are aware of claims by third parties, including those based on published clinical data, alleging that ZALTRAP may be safely administered to the eye. EYLEA HD was launched in August 2023 and entered the highly competitive environment described above. Our success in commercializing EYLEA HD will continue to depend on a number of factors, including the degree of success of our uptake efforts as compared to those of relevant competition, the extent to which we and our collaborators are able to differentiate EYLEA HD from competitive products (such as on the basis of dosing frequency, the method of administration, or the breadth of indications in which the product is approved), the safety and efficacy of EYLEA HD seen in a broader patient group (i.e., real-world use), the extent of payor coverage, reimbursement, and copay assistance, and the applicability of any restrictions imposed by payors, such as step therapy. Dupixent . The market for Dupixent's current and potential future indications is also increasingly competitive. There are systemic JAK inhibitors and antibodies against IL-13 and IL-4Ra approved or in development for atopic dermatitis. There is also an antibody against IL-31R approved for atopic dermatitis and prurigo nodularis. In addition, a number of companies are developing antibodies against other targets, including OX40(L), that may compete with Dupixent in atopic dermatitis and other indications (including asthma and/or prurigo nodularis). In asthma, competitors to Dupixent include antibodies against the IL-5 ligand or the IL-5 receptor, immunoglobulin E, or thymic stromal lymphopoietin ("TSLP"); and some of these antibodies are either approved or in development for indications that also compete or may compete in the future with Dupixent in CRSwNP, EoE, COPD, and CSU where approved. There are several other potentially competitive products in development that may compete with Dupixent in asthma, COPD, and potential future indications, including antibodies against the IL-33 ligand or receptor. Dupixent also faces competition from a Bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitor in CSU and may in the future face competition from inhaled products in asthma, COPD, and potential future indications. Libtayo. Libtayo also faces significant competition. There are several competitors that are marketing and/or developing antibodies against PD-1 and/or PDL-1 (some of which were approved in the relevant indications and commercialized before Libtayo), including Merck's Keytruda (pembrolizumab), Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo (nivolumab), Roche's Tecentriq (atezolizumab), AstraZeneca's Imfinzi (durvalumab), and Sun Pharma's Unloxcyt (cosibelimab). While Libtayo is currently approved for intravenous administration only, certain of these products are also approved or in development for subcutaneous use. Other marketed products. There is also significant actual and potential future competition for other products marketed or otherwise commercialized by us and/or our collaborators under our collaboration agreements with them. For example, Lynozyfic faces significant actual and potential future competition from other bispecific antibodies and CAR-T cell therapies targeting BCMA, GPRC5D, and/or other targets that are currently approved or in development for the treatment of relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma. In addition, there are several companies that are marketing and/or developing antibodies or other molecules (such as small interfering RNA molecules, or siRNAs, and oral small molecules) against PCSK9, ANGPTL3 and IL-6 and/or IL-6R, which currently (or, for product candidates in development, may in the future if approved) treat the same conditions as Praluent, Evkeeza, and Kevzara, respectively. Product Candidates Our VelocImmune technology, other antibody generation technologies, and late-stage and earlier-stage clinical candidates face competition from many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies using various technologies, including antibody generation technologies and other approaches such as RNAi, CAR-T cell, and gene therapy technologies. For example, we are aware of other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies actively engaged in the research and development of antibody-based products 43 Table of Contents (including bispecific antibodies, multispecific antibodies, and/or antibody-drug conjugates) and gene therapy-based products against targets that are also the targets of our early- and late-stage product candidates. We are also aware of other companies developing or marketing small molecules or other treatments that may compete with our antibody-based product candidates in various indications, if such product candidates obtain regulatory approval in those indications. If any of these or other competitors announces a successful clinical study involving a product that may be competitive with one of our product candidates or the grant of marketing approval by a regulatory agency for a competitive product, such developments may have an adverse effect on our business or future prospects. In addition, the first product to reach the market in a therapeutic area is often at a significant competitive advantage relative to later entrants to the market. Accordingly, the relative speed with which we, or our collaborators, can develop our product candidates, complete the clinical trials and approval processes, and, if such product candidates are approved for marketing and sale, supply commercial quantities to the market is expected to continue to be an important competitive factor. Due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for a product against any particular target, which may have a material adverse effect on our business or future prospects. While we evaluate market opportunities for our product candidates, there can be no assurance that our estimates will accurately reflect the market opportunity at the time of launch or that our product candidates will meet internal or external expectations and be successful commercially due to existing or potential future competition or otherwise. We face increasing competition from Chinese biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including Chinese state-owned or state-backed enterprises, with respect to both our marketed products and product candidates. China has become one of the world's leading developers of new drugs, and Chinese companies benefit from a regulatory regime that enables rapid, low-cost clinical trials that facilitate innovation. Furthermore, we compete with other large pharmaceutical companies, many of which have invested significantly in China, in acquiring or licensing Chinese product candidates, and we may not be as successful as our competitors in identifying or accessing such assets. We rely on our collaborations with Bayer and Sanofi for commercializing some of our marketed products. While we have established our own sales and marketing organization for EYLEA HD and EYLEA in the United States for its currently approved indications, we have no sales, marketing, commercial, or distribution capabilities for EYLEA HD or EYLEA outside the United States. Under the terms of our license and collaboration agreement with Bayer (which is terminable by Bayer at any time upon six or twelve months' advance notice, depending on the circumstances giving rise to termination), we rely on Bayer (and, in Japan, Santen pursuant to a Co-Promotion and Distribution Agreement with Bayer's Japanese affiliate) for sales, marketing, and distribution of EYLEA HD and EYLEA outside the United States. In addition, under the terms of our Antibody Collaboration, we and Sanofi co-commercialize Dupixent in the United States and, as further discussed below, certain jurisdictions outside the United States. As a result, we rely in part on Sanofi's sales and marketing organization for Dupixent. If we and Sanofi fail to coordinate our sales and marketing efforts effectively, sales of Dupixent may be materially adversely affected. Sanofi also maintains other important responsibilities relating to Dupixent. For example, Sanofi records product sales for Dupixent in the United States and leads negotiations with payors relating to this product. We also rely on Sanofi for sales, marketing, and distribution of Dupixent in many countries outside the United States. While we exercised our option under the Antibody Collaboration to co-commercialize Dupixent in certain jurisdictions outside the United States, we continue to rely in considerable part on Sanofi's sales and marketing organization in such jurisdictions. As described in Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report, we have sued Sanofi and certain of its affiliated entities (the "Antibody Collaboration Litigation") alleging that the defendants breached certain provisions of the agreement governing the Antibody Collaboration (the "Collaboration Agreement"). These provisions concern Sanofi's obligation to provide Regeneron with full access to material information relating to the commercialization of Dupixent or other products commercialized pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement and Regeneron's audit rights under the Collaboration Agreement. It is not possible to determine what impact (if any) the Antibody Collaboration Litigation may have on the Antibody Collaboration and our business relationship with Sanofi, or whether we will be successful in the Antibody Collaboration Litigation. If we and our collaborators are unsuccessful in continuing to commercialize the marketed products subject to such collaborations, or if Bayer or Sanofi terminate their respective collaborations with us, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition would be materially impaired. While we have some commercial presence outside the United States, our commercial capabilities outside the United States are still limited and would need to be further developed or outsourced. Therefore, termination of the Bayer collaboration agreement or our Antibody Collaboration with Sanofi would create substantial new and additional risks to the successful commercialization of the applicable products, particularly outside the United States. For additional information regarding our collaborations with Bayer and Sanofi, see "Risks Related to Our Reliance on or Transactions with Third Parties - If our collaboration with Bayer for EYLEA HD and EYLEA is terminated, or Bayer materially breaches its obligations thereunder, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition, and our ability to continue to commercialize EYLEA HD and EYLEA outside the United States would be materially harmed " below and "Risks Related to Our Reliance on or Transactions with Third Parties - If our Antibody Collaboration with Sanofi is terminated, or Sanofi materially breaches its obligations thereunder, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition, and our ability to 44 Table of Contents develop, manufacture, and commercialize certain of our products and product candidates in the time expected, or at all, may be materially harmed " below. Sales of our marketed products recorded by us and our collaborators could be reduced by imports from countries where such products may be available at lower prices. Our sales of products we commercialize in the United States and our collaborators' sales of products they commercialize or co-commercialize with us under our collaboration agreements with them in the United States and other countries (which impact our share of any profits from the commercialization of these products under the relevant collaboration agreements and, therefore, our results of operations) may be reduced if the applicable product is imported into those countries from lower priced markets, whether legally or illegally (a practice known as parallel trading or reimportation). Parallel traders (who may repackage or otherwise alter the original product or sell it through alternative channels such as mail order or the Internet) take advantage of the price differentials between markets arising from factors including sales costs, market conditions, tax rates, or national regulation of prices. Under our arrangement with Bayer, pricing and reimbursement for EYLEA HD and EYLEA outside the United States are the responsibility of Bayer. Similarly, under our Antibody Collaboration with Sanofi, pricing and reimbursement for the products commercialized or co-commercialized thereunder outside the United States are the responsibility of Sanofi. Prices for our marketed products in jurisdictions outside the United States are based on local market economics and competition and are likely to differ from country to country. In the United States, prices for pharmaceuticals are generally higher than in the bordering nations of Canada and Mexico and sales of our marketed products in the United States may be reduced if the applicable product marketed in those bordering nations is imported into the United States. In addition, there are proposals to legalize the import of pharmaceuticals from outside the United States into the United States and, as discussed above under " Product reimbursement and coverage policies and practices, pricing regulations and requirements, and our pricing strategy could change due to various factors beyond our control, which may adversely impact our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition, " an executive order from April 2025 directed the Secretary of the HHS to take appropriate steps to facilitate such importation at the state level. If such or other similar proposals were to be implemented, our future revenues derived from sales of our marketed products could be reduced. Parallel-trading practices also are of particular relevance to the EU, where they have been encouraged by the current regulatory framework. These types of imports may exert pressure on the pricing of our marketed products in a particular market or reduce sales recorded by us or our collaborators, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations. We may be unsuccessful in continuing the commercialization of our marketed products or in commercializing our product candidates or new indications for our marketed products, if approved, which would materially and adversely affect our business, profitability, and future prospects. Even if clinical trials demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of any of our product candidates for a specific disease and the necessary regulatory approvals are obtained, the commercial success of any of our product candidates or new indications for our marketed products will depend upon, among other things, their acceptance by patients, the medical community, and third-party payors and on the ability of our Company, our collaborators, or other third parties on which we rely (as applicable) to successfully manufacture, market, and distribute those products in substantial commercial quantities or to establish and manage the required infrastructure to do so, including large-scale information technology systems and a large-scale distribution network. Establishing and maintaining sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities are expensive and time-consuming. In addition, we may need to further develop or acquire these capabilities as we and/or our collaborators continue to pursue the development of drugs generated by means other than our established "Trap" or VelociSuite technologies, such as siRNA gene silencing, genome editing, and targeted viral-based gene delivery and expression. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates or new indications, if they are not successfully commercialized, we will not be able to recover the significant investment we have made in developing such products and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition would be severely harmed. The commercial success of our products may also be adversely affected by guidelines or recommendations to healthcare providers, administrators, payors, and patient communities that result in decreased use of our products. Such guidelines or recommendations may be published not only by governmental agencies, but also professional societies, practice management groups, private foundations, and other interested parties. Our marketed products and product candidates are typically delivered either by intravenous infusion or by intravitreal or subcutaneous injections. These methods of administration are generally disfavored by patients when compared to tablet or capsule delivery, which could adversely affect the commercial success of such marketed products or, if they receive marketing approval, product candidates. We are dependent upon a small number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of or significant reduction in sales to these customers would adversely affect our results of operations. We sell our marketed products for which we record net product sales in the United States to several distributors and specialty pharmacies, as applicable (collectively, "distributor customers"), which generally sell the product directly to healthcare providers 45 Table of Contents or other pharmacies (as applicable). For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, our product sales to two distributor customers accounted on a combined basis for 77% and 74% of our total gross product revenue, respectively. We expect significant distributor customer concentration to continue for the foreseeable future. Our ability to generate and grow sales of our products will depend, in part, on the extent to which our distributor customers are able to provide adequate distribution of our products to healthcare providers. Although we believe we can find additional distributors, if necessary, our revenue during any period of disruption could suffer and we might incur additional costs. In addition, these distributor customers are responsible for a significant portion of our net trade accounts receivable balances. The loss of any large distributor customer, a significant reduction in sales we make to them, any cancellation of orders they have made with us, or any failure to pay for the products we have shipped to them could adversely affect our results of operations. Commercialization of any of our marketed products may also be adversely impacted by vertical integration of private payor healthcare and insurance programs, health maintenance organizations, and PBMs, or further consolidation among the healthcare providers served or operated by our distributor customers if, for example, one or more consolidated groups of healthcare providers determines not to use (or decides to switch from) such marketed product in favor of a competing product. See also " The commercial success of our products and product candidates is subject to significant competition - Marketed Products" above. If we are unable to establish sufficient commercial capabilities outside the United States for products we intend to commercialize or co-commercialize outside the United States, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. While we have made progress with establishing commercial capabilities in certain jurisdictions outside the United States in recent years (primarily in connection with our acquisition of the worldwide rights to Libtayo in 2022 and the exercise of our option under the Antibody Collaboration to co-commercialize Dupixent in certain jurisdictions outside the United States), our commercial capabilities and experience with commercializing products outside the United States (as well as obtaining and/or maintaining regulatory approvals and securing pricing and reimbursement for our products outside the United States) are still somewhat limited. There may be other circumstances in which we need to establish further commercial capabilities outside the United States, including because we decide to commercialize other products independently (such as Lynozyfic and Ordspono, which we recently launched in the EU); we are unable to find an appropriate collaborator; or an existing collaborator decides to opt out or breaches its obligations to us with respect to a particular product. In order to commercialize or co-commercialize any products outside the United States beyond what we have done so far, we must build or enhance our sales, marketing, distribution, regulatory, managerial, and other capabilities in the relevant markets or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services, any of which will likely be expensive and time consuming and could delay product launch or the co-commercialization of a product in one or more markets outside the United States. We cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully develop requisite commercial capabilities outside the United States within an acceptable time frame, without incurring substantial expenses, or at all. These and other difficulties relating to commercializing our products outside the United States may harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Risks Related to Maintaining Approval of Our Marketed Products and the Development and Obtaining Approval of Our Product Candidates and New Indications for Our Marketed Products Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for drug and biologic products is costly, time-consuming, and highly uncertain. If we or our collaborators do not maintain regulatory approval for our marketed products, or obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will not be able to market or sell them; and if we do not obtain approvals for new indications for our marketed products, we may not be able to realize the full commercial potential of such products. Any of the foregoing may materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. We cannot sell or market products without regulatory approval or other authorization. If we or our collaborators do not maintain regulatory approval for our marketed products, or obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates or new indications of our marketed products (or are materially delayed in doing so), the value of our Company and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition may be materially harmed. In the United States, we (which, for purposes of this risk factor, includes our collaborators, unless otherwise stated or required by the context) must obtain and maintain approval from the FDA for each drug and biologic we intend to sell. We must obtain and maintain similar regulatory approvals from comparable foreign regulatory authorities in order to sell drugs and biologics outside the United States. Obtaining FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority approval for a new drug or biologic or indication is typically a lengthy and expensive process, and approval is highly uncertain. We cannot predict with certainty if or when we might submit for regulatory approval for our product candidates currently under development. Any approvals we may obtain may not cover all of the clinical indications for which we are seeking approval. Also, an approval might contain significant limitations in the form of narrow indications, warnings, precautions, or contra-indications with respect to conditions of use. Additionally, in the United States, the FDA may determine that a REMS is necessary to ensure that the benefits of a new product outweigh its risks, and the product can therefore be approved. A REMS may include various elements, ranging from a medication guide or patient 46 Table of Contents package insert to limitations on who may prescribe or dispense the drug or biologic, depending on what the FDA considers necessary for the safe use of the drug or biologic. The FDA has substantial discretion in the approval process (including with respect to setting specific conditions for submission) and may either refuse to accept an application for substantive review or may form the opinion after review of an application that the application is insufficient to allow approval of a product candidate. If the FDA does not accept from us an application for review or approve our application, it may require that we conduct additional clinical, preclinical, or manufacturing validation studies or additional analyses of data from existing studies and submit the data before it will reconsider our application. Depending on the extent of these or any other studies or analyses that might be required, approval of any applications that we submit may be delayed significantly, or we may be required to expend considerably more resources. Any such additional studies or analyses, if performed and completed, may not be considered sufficient by the FDA to make our applications approvable. If any of these outcomes occur, we may be forced to delay or abandon applications for approval. For example, in October 2023, the FDA issued a CRL for the sBLA for Dupixent in CSU stating that additional efficacy data were required to support an approval, which delayed by nearly 18 months the FDA's April 2025 approval of Dupixent in this indication. In certain instances (such as when we use a biomarker-based test to identify and enroll specific patients in a clinical trial), regulatory approval of a companion diagnostic to our therapeutic product candidate may be required as a condition for regulatory approval of the therapeutic product candidate. We may need to rely on third parties to provide companion diagnostics for use with our product candidates. Such third parties may be unable or unwilling on terms acceptable to us to provide such companion diagnostics or to obtain timely regulatory approval of or product labeling updates for such companion diagnostics, which could negatively impact regulatory approval of our product candidates or may result in increased development costs or delays. The FDA may also require us to conduct additional clinical trials after granting approval of a product. The FDA has the explicit authority to require post-marketing studies (also referred to as post-approval studies), labeling changes based on new safety information , and compliance with FDA-approved REMS. Post-approval studies, whether conducted by us or by others and whether mandated by regulatory agencies or voluntary, and other data about our marketed products (or data about products similar to our marketed products that implicate an entire class of products or are perceived to do so) may result in changes in product labeling, restrictions on use, product withdrawal or recall, loss of approval, or lower sales of our products. Obligations equivalent in scope, but which can vary widely in application, apply in jurisdictions outside the United States. According to the FDA policies under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, the FDA system of review times for new drugs and biologics includes standard review and priority review. While the FDA has performance goals that provide for action on NDA and BLA submissions by certain deadlines, the FDA's review goals are subject to change and the duration of the FDA's review depends on a number of factors, including the number and types of other applications that are submitted to the FDA around the same time period or are pending. The FDA's review of our regulatory submissions has in the past been delayed, and may be delayed in the future, due to the FDA's request for additional information or for other reasons, including those beyond our control (such a s the 2025 reduction and any future reductions of staffing or other resources at the FDA, as discussed further below). The functioning of the FDA is affected by a variety of factors, such as shifting government priorities, budgets and funding levels, authorization and payment of user fees, the ability to hire and retain key personnel, as well as other statutory, regulatory, and policy changes impacting HHS, the FDA, or other HHS agencies. U.S. policy changes have recently been implemented at a rapid pace, and additional changes may occur. For example, efforts implemented or commenced in 2025 to reduce the size and budgets of U.S. government agencies, downsize the federal workforce, and restructure parts of the executive branch of the federal government have directly or indirectly impacted agencies that support research and development activities or are otherwise important to our business, including the HHS and the FDA. If legislation, administrative action, or changes in policy prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting routine inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to provide feedback on our clinical programs, meet with or engage in other informal interactions with us, and review and process our regulatory submissions (including our pending regulatory submissions) in a timely manner. These developments may also reduce the FDA's capacity to engage in pre-approval or guidance meetings or meetings to negotiate labeling or post-marketing commitments. Furthermore, changes in FDA personnel and policy (such as the 2025 reductions in communication and policymaking roles) may negatively impact the transparency of agency actions, lead to modifications in FDA approval requirements, and alter the FDA's existing guidance pertinent to the development strategy for our products and product candidates. In addition, the U.S. government has shut down multiple times in the recent past and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, had to furlough employees and stop some of their activities. A prolonged government shutdown or a widespread freeze on federal funding could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions or cause other agencies that support the FDA to slow their work. Any such factors could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we believe we meet eligibility requirements, we may apply for various regulatory incentives in the United States, such as breakthrough therapy designation, fast track designation, accelerated approval, priority review, or the Commissioner's National Priority Voucher (CNPV) program, where potentially available, that serve to expedite drug development and/or review, and we 47 Table of Contents may also seek similar designations elsewhere in the world. Often, regulatory agencies have broad discretion in determining whether or not product candidates qualify for such regulatory incentives and benefits, and we may fail to obtain beneficial regulatory designations from the FDA or other regulatory agencies. Even if obtained, such designations may not result in faster development processes, reviews, or approvals compared to drugs or biologics considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures. In addition, the FDA may later decide that any of our development programs no longer meets the conditions for a beneficial regulatory designation (including due to factors beyond our control, such as intervening competitive developments) or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. FDA guidance relating to accelerated approval of oncology therapeutics indicates that a confirmatory trial for a particular oncology product candidate should be underway when the related marketing application is submitted to the FDA and also states that the FDA may require that a confirmatory trial for a particular oncology product candidate be well underway, if not fully enrolled, by the time of the accelerated approval action. Application of this guidance and related rules to our product candidates may result in a delay of the FDA review and approval process despite any earlier beneficial regulatory designation such product candidates may have received. For example, in March 2024, the FDA issued CRLs concerning our BLA for odronextamab for the treatment of relapsed/refractory FL and DLBCL due to the enrollment status of confirmatory Phase 3 trials, which, along with the July 2025 CRL discussed below, has delayed any potential FDA approval of odronextamab. The FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities enforce GCPs and other regulations and legal requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, clinical research organizations ("CROs"), principal investigators, and trial sites. If we or any of the third parties conducting our clinical studies are determined to have failed to fully comply with GCPs, the study protocol or applicable regulations, the clinical data generated in those studies may be deemed unreliable. This and similar instances of non-compliance with GCPs could result in non-approval of our product candidates by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities such as the EC, or we or the FDA or such other regulatory authorities may decide to conduct additional inspections or require additional clinical studies, which would delay our development programs, require us to incur additional costs, and could substantially harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Before approving a new drug or biologic product, the FDA and such comparable foreign regulatory authorities require that the facilities at which the product will be manufactured or advanced through the supply chain be in compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, requirements and regulations governing the manufacture, shipment, and storage of the product. Additionally, manufacturers of drugs and biological products and their facilities are subject to payment of substantial user fees and continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations and adherence to any commitments made in the applicable NDA or BLA. These cGMP requirements and regulations are not prescriptive instructions on how to manufacture products, but rather a series of principles that must be observed during manufacturing; as a result, the manner in which such principles are implemented may not be specifically delineated, which can be challenging as the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities increasingly scrutinize compliance with these requirements and regulations. As a result, manufacturing product candidates in compliance with these regulatory requirements is complex, time-consuming, and expensive. To be successful, our products must be manufactured in compliance with regulatory requirements, and at competitive costs. If we or any of our third-party manufacturers, product packagers, labelers, or other parties performing steps in the supply chain are unable to maintain regulatory compliance with cGMP, the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities can impose monetary penalties or other civil or criminal sanctions, including, among other things, refusal to approve a pending application for a new drug or biologic product, or revocation of a pre-existing approval. We have recently received several CRLs from the FDA for regulatory submissions concerning our products or product candidates due to the FDA's findings from inspections at third-party manufacturers responsible for filling drug product. These include the July 2025 CRL concerning the BLA for odronextamab in relapsed/refractory FL, which has delayed further any potential FDA approval of odronextamab in this indication; and the October 2025 CRL concerning our regulatory application seeking approval of the EYLEA HD pre-filled syringe (as discussed in Part I, Item 1. "Business - Programs in Clinical Development - Additional Information - Clinical Development Programs - EYLEA HD"), which has delayed further any potential FDA approval of the EYLEA HD pre-filled syringe. For additional information, see "Risks Related to Manufacturing and Supply - Our or our collaborators' or contract manufacturers' failure to meet the stringent requirements of governmental regulation in the manufacture of drug products or product candidates could result in incurring substantial remedial costs, delays in the development or approval of our product candidates or new indications for our marketed products and/or in their commercial launch if regulatory approval is obtained, and a reduction in sales. " Our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition may be materially harmed as a result of noncompliance with the requirements and regulations described in this paragraph. We are also subject to ongoing requirements imposed by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities governing the labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, record-keeping, and reporting of safety and other post-marketing information. The holder of an approved NDA, BLA, or foreign equivalent is obligated to monitor and report adverse events and any failure of a product to meet the specifications in the application. The holder of an approved NDA, BLA, or foreign equivalent must also submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for certain 48 Table of Contents changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA regulations and those of foreign regulatory authorities and may be subject to other potentially applicable federal and state laws. The applicable regulations in jurisdictions outside the U.S. grant similar powers to the competent authorities and impose similar obligations on companies. In addition to the FDA and other regulatory agency regulations in the United States, we are subject to a variety of foreign regulatory requirements governing human clinical trials, manufacturing, marketing and approval, and commercial sale and distribution of drugs and biologics in jurisdictions outside the United States. The foreign regulatory approval process is similarly a lengthy and expensive process, the result of which is highly uncertain, and foreign regulatory requirements generally include the risks associated with FDA approval as well as jurisdiction-specific regulations. We and our collaborators must maintain regulatory compliance for the products we or they commercialize in jurisdictions outside the United States. From time to time, we may hold a product's marketing approval in a jurisdiction outside the United States where we have less experience and where our regulatory capabilities are more limited; for example, this is now the case for Libtayo in many jurisdictions outside the United States (including Europe and Japan) due to the transition under the Amended and Restated Immuno-oncology License and Collaboration Agreement with Sanofi. In addition, actions by a regulatory agency in a country or region with respect to a product candidate may have an impact on the approval process for that product candidate in another country or region. Foreign regulatory authorities may ask for additional data in order to begin a clinical study, including Phase 3 clinical trials required to submit an MAA in the EU. In addition, such authorities often have the authority to require post-approval studies, such as a PASS and/or a PAES, which involve various risks similar to those described above. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product in the United States, we must obtain approval of the product by the comparable regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside the United States before we can market that product or any other product in those jurisdictions. Furthermore, we are subject to extensive pharmacovigilance reporting and other pharmacovigilance requirements, which may differ in the numerous jurisdictions in 
