, Corporate Governance Statement and Remuneration Report). Approval of dividend policy and recommendation of any Company dividend or other Company distribution. Approval of the Group’s Treasury policies, Tax Principles and Tax Strategy. On the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the approval of any significant changes to accounting policies or practices. 4. Communication with shareholders Approval of resolutions and corresponding documentation to be put before shareholders in general meeting and the convening of all shareholder meetings. Approval of all circulars, prospectuses and listing particulars issued by the Company. 5. Internal Controls Ensuring maintenance of a sound system of internal control and risk management including: • Approving the Group’s risk appetite statements; • Receiving reports on, and reviewing the effectiveness of, the Group’s risk and control processes to support its strategy and objectives. • Undertaking an annual assessment of the Group’s risk management processes and approving an appropriate statement concerning its review of internal control for inclusion in the Annual Report. 2 Reviewing and ensuring oversight of principal and emerging risks relating to the Company and its operations, through regular functional reports and presentations. Ensuring that an effective fraud risk framework is in place to detect and prevent material fraud. To establish “whistleblower” procedures for: (i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing matters and the RELX code of ethics; and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting, auditing or ethical matters, and to review reports arising from these procedures. 6. Agreements Contracts entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, for the provision of goods or services to it by any third party, where the term value of that contract is in excess of that specified in the RELX PLC Authorities Levels document. Licensing or Non-ordinary course sales contracts entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, where the term value of that contract is in excess of that specified in the RELX PLC Authorities Levels document. The acquisition or disposal of interests of more than (3) percent in the voting shares of any listed company or the making of any takeover offer of any listed company. 7. Board membership and other appointments Approval of changes to the structure, size and composition of the Board, following recommendation from the Nominations Committee. Ensuring adequate succession planning for the Board and Senior Management. Appointments to the Board, following recommendations from the Nominations Committee. Approval of membership and chairmanship of Board committees, following recommendations from the Nominations Committee. Continuation in office of directors at the end of their term in office, when they are due to be re-elected by shareholders at the AGM and otherwise as appropriate. Continuation in office of any director at any time, including the suspension or termination of service of an executive director as an employee of the Company, subject to the law and their service contract. Appointment or removal of the Company Secretary. 3 Appointment, re-appointment or removal of the external auditor to be put to shareholders for approval in general meeting, following the recommendation of the audit committee. 8. Remuneration and Share Plans Determining the remuneration of the non-executive directors, subject to any restrictions contained within the RELX PLC Articles of Association and Directors’ Remuneration Policy approved by its shareholders. The introduction of new share incentive plans or major changes to existing plans, to be put to shareholders for approval. 9. Delegation of Authority The division of responsibilities between the Chairman, the Chief Executive and the Senior Independent Director, which are set out in writing. Approval of the delegated levels of authority, including the Chief Executive’s authority limits. Establishing Board committees and approving their terms of reference, and approving any changes thereto. 10. Corporate Governance Matters Proposing any changes to the Company’s Articles of Association Any changes to the Company’s listings, its status as a plc or its domicile. Undertaking a formal and rigorous annual review of its own performance, that of its committees and individual directors. Determining the independence of non-executive directors in light of their character, judgement and relationships. Considering the balance of interests between the Group’s stakeholders (i.e. shareholders, suppliers, employees, customers and the community). Establishing mechanisms to have a meaningful and regular dialogue with the workforce and reviewing workforce feedback. Review of the Group’s overall corporate governance arrangements. Receiving reports on the views of the company’s shareholders to ensure that they are communicated to the Board as a whole. Authorising conflicts of interest where permitted by the Company’s articles of association. 4 10. Policies and practices Approval of policies, including the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, the Group’s Securities Dealing Codes, the Board and Company Inclusion and Diversity Policies and other such policies as deemed appropriate. Ensuring workplace policies and practices are consistent with RELX’s purpose, values and intended culture and support the Company’s long-term sustainable success. 11. Other Approval of major changes to the rules of the Group’s principal pension scheme[s]. Oversight of RELX’s corporate responsibility activities and its reporting thereon. Any decision likely to have a material impact on the Company or Group from any perspective, including, but not limited to, financial, operational, strategic or reputational. This schedule of matters reserved for Board decisions and any changes thereto. 5
