. RISK FACTORS An investment in the Company involves risks, some of which, including market, credit, technology, strategic, operational, reputational, legal, regulatory and compliance, liquidity, talent management, estimate and assumption and other external risks, could be substantial and is inherent in our business. These risks also include the possibility that the value of the investment could decrease considerably, and dividends or other distributions concerning the investment could be reduced or eliminated. Discussed below are RISK FACTORS that could adversely affect our financial results and condition, as well as the value of, and return on investment in the Company. Market Risks Our businesses have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally. We provide traditional commercial, retail and mortgage banking services, as well as other financial services including asset management, wealth management, securities brokerage, merger-and-acquisition advisory services and other specialty financing. All of our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions 20 Table of Contents generally or specifically in the South, Midwest and Texas, the principal markets in which we conduct business. A worsening of business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business could have adverse effects on our business, including the following: A decrease in the demand for, or the availability of, loans and other products and services offered by us, including as a result of changing interest rate and spread conditions; A decrease in the value of our investment securities or other fixed-rate assets as a result of changing interest rate or spread conditions; A decrease in the value of our loans held for sale or other assets secured by consumer or commercial real estate; An impairment of certain intangible assets, such as goodwill; A decrease in interest income from variable rate loans, due to declines in interest rates; A decrease in the supply of deposits or the need to price interest-bearing deposits higher due to competitive forces or market rate fluctuations, which could result in substantial increase in cost to retain and service deposits; A change in the pricing or spread environment could adversely impact the yields received on newly originated loans or securities. In the event of severely adverse business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business, there can be no assurance that the federal government and the Federal Reserve would intervene or make adjustments to trade, fiscal or monetary policy, including tariffs, that would cause business and economic conditions to improve. If business and economic conditions worsen or volatility increases, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and the effects of inflation, which has led to increased costs for businesses and consumers and potentially contribute to poor business economic conditions, has and may continue to enhance or contribute to some of the risks of our business. For example, higher inflation, or volatility and uncertainty related to inflation, has and may continue to reduce demand for our products, adversely affect the creditworthiness of the Company s borrowers, lower values for our investment securities and other fixed-rate assets, or otherwise adversely affect our businesses, financial conditions and results of operations. Fluctuations in market interest rates, including the level and shape of the yield curve, may adversely affect our performance. Our profitability depends to a large extent on our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income received on interest-earning assets (primarily loans, leases, investment securities and cash balances held at the Federal Reserve Bank) and the interest expense incurred in connection with interest-bearing liabilities (primarily deposits and borrowings). The level of net interest income is mostly a function of the average balance of interest-earning assets, the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities and the spread between the yield on such assets and the cost of such liabilities. These factors are influenced by both the pricing and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by external factors such as the local economy, competition and demand for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the FOMC and interest rates markets. The cost of our deposits and short-term wholesale borrowings is heavily impacted by market-based liquidity conditions and interest rates, factors which are influenced directly and indirectly by a mixture of effects including the FOMC s monetary policy, and economic and financial conditions. Moreover, the market s expectation of the future course of FOMC policy and economic factors interact to influence the path for market interest rates, relative interest rate relationships and the shape of the yield curve. Yields generated by our loans and securities and the costs of deposits and wholesale borrowings are driven by both short-term and longer-term interest rates to different degrees, thus impacting net interest income. If the yields on our interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster pace than the yields on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income may decline. Our net interest income could be similarly affected if the yields on our interest-earning assets decline at a faster pace than the yields on our interest-bearing liabilities. Finally, interest rate volatility and levels directly impact the value of certain fixed-rate assets and liabilities, which may impact unrealized gains or unrealized losses in our portfolios. The monetary policy tightening cycle observed from 2022 through mid-2024 led to increased volatility in fixed income markets. After the benchmark Federal funds interest rates reached a peak range between 5.25 percent and 5.50 percent in 2023 and into 2024, the FOMC reduced the Federal funds rate in 2024 and 2025 ending with a range of 3.50 percent and 3.75 percent. While it is anticipated that the FOMC will continue its rate easing cycle, the range of potential rate paths over the coming year is wide and will ultimately be driven by the path of inflation, labor market performance and economic growth. Estimates for net interest income exposure to interest rate changes have been reduced recently. While a persistently elevated rate environment would continue to support net interest income, elevated rates also increase the cost of funding and the potential for higher levels of competition for deposits. Additionally, elevated interest rates would increase debt service requirements for some of our borrowers and may adversely affect those borrowers ability to pay as contractually obligated, 21 Table of Contents ultimately resulting in additional delinquencies or charge-offs. Conversely, should interest rates move lower, net interest income is well supported by a mostly neutral interest rate risk position aided by the Company s interest rate hedging program. In this environment, deposit and funding costs will move lower; however, net interest income may be adversely impacted if those costs cannot move lower as fast as expected. To the extent that the yield curve steepens, net interest income would benefit, primarily from the additional yield provided to fixed rate asset reinvestment and production, without a commensurate offset from increasing funding costs. Conversely, a flatter yield curve would reduce net interest income, all else equal. Sustained higher interest rates and continued Federal Reserve asset reductions may adversely affect market stability, market liquidity and the Company s financial performance and condition. We cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects such changes may have on our activities and financial results. For a more detailed discussion of these risks and our management strategies for these risks, see the Executive Overview, Net Interest Income, Margin and Interest Rate Risk, Net Interest Income and Margin, Market Risk-Interest Rate Risk and Securities sections of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Credit Risks If we experience greater credit losses in our loan portfolios than anticipated, our earnings may be materially adversely affected. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our customers will be unable to repay their loans and leases according to their terms and that any collateral securing the payment of their loans and leases may not be sufficient to assure repayment. Customers or counterparties may become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or leases, which could result in a higher level of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, and provisions for credit losses. Credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio and provide an allowance based on a number of factors. Our management periodically determines the allowance for credit losses based on available information, including the quality of the loan portfolio, the value of the underlying collateral and the level of non-accrual loans, taking into account relevant information about past events, current conditions and R&S forecasts of future economic conditions that affect the collectability of our loan portfolio. If, as a result of general economic conditions, there is a decrease in asset quality or growth in the loan portfolio and management determines that additional increases in the allowance for credit losses are necessary, we may incur additional expenses which will reduce our net income and could materially affect our financial condition. Although our management will establish an allowance for credit losses it believes is appropriate to absorb expected credit losses over the life of loans in our loan portfolio, this allowance may not be adequate. For example, if economic conditions in those markets were to significantly deteriorate unexpectedly, additional credit losses not incorporated in the existing allowance for credit losses may occur. Losses in excess of the existing allowance for credit losses will reduce our net income and could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, perhaps materially. In addition, bank regulatory agencies will periodically review our allowance for credit losses and the value attributed to non-accrual loans and to real estate acquired through foreclosure. Such regulatory agencies may require us to adjust our determination of the value for these items. These adjustments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Any future reductions in our credit ratings may increase our funding costs and place limitations on business activities. The major ratings agencies regularly evaluate us, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. In general, ratings agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix and level and quality of earnings, and we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings. The ratings assigned to Regions and Regions Bank remain subject to change at any time, and it is possible that any ratings agency could take action to downgrade Regions, Regions Bank or both in the future. Additionally, ratings agencies may also make substantial changes to their ratings policies and practices, which may affect our credit ratings. In the future, changes to existing ratings guidelines and new ratings guidelines may, among other things, adversely affect the ratings of our securities or other securities in which we have an economic interest. Our credit ratings can have negative consequences that can impact our ability to access the debt and capital markets, as well as reduce our profitability through increased costs on future debt issuances. If we were to be downgraded below investment grade, we may not be able to reliably access the short-term unsecured funding markets, and certain customers could be prohibited from placing deposits with Regions Bank, which could cause us to hold more cash and liquid investments to meet our ongoing liquidity needs. Such actions could reduce our profitability as these liquid investments earn a lower return than 22 Table of Contents other assets, such as loans. See the Liquidity section within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our liquidity policy. Additionally, if we were to be downgraded to below investment grade, certain counterparty contracts may be required to be renegotiated or require posting of additional collateral. Refer to Note 20 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities to the consolidated financial statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fair value of contracts subject to contingent credit features and the collateral postings associated with such contracts. Although the exact amount of additional collateral is unknown, it is reasonable to conclude that we may be required to post additional collateral related to existing contracts with contingent credit features. Changes in the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. Adverse developments affecting the overall strength and soundness of other financial institutions, the financial services industry as a whole and the general economic climate and the U.S. Treasury market has had and may in the future have a negative impact on perceptions about the strength and soundness of our business even if we are not subject to the same adverse developments. In addition, adverse developments with respect to third parties with whom we have important relationships could also negatively impact perceptions about us. These perceptions about us could cause our business to be negatively affected and exacerbate the other risks that we face. Regions may be impacted by actual or perceived soundness of other financial institutions, including as a result of the financial or operational failure of a major financial institution, or concerns about the creditworthiness of such a financial institution or its ability to fulfill its obligations, which can cause substantial and cascading disruption within the financial markets and increased expenses, including FDIC insurance premiums, and could affect our ability to attract and retain depositors and to borrow or raise capital. The failure of other banks and financial institutions and the measures taken by governments, businesses and other organizations in response to these events, including increased regulatory scrutiny, could adversely impact Regions business, financial condition and results of operations. Regions ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. Regions has exposure to many different industries and counterparties and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, central counterparties, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional investors and clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions or the financial services industry generally, in the past have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by Regions or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose Regions to credit risk in the event of default of Regions counterparty or client. In addition, Regions credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by Regions cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of Regions exposure. Any such losses could materially and adversely affect Regions results of operations and financial condition. We may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market conditions. During periods of market stress or illiquidity, our credit risk may be further increased when we fail to realize the fair value of the collateral we hold; collateral is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount owed to us; or counterparties are unable to post collateral, whether for operational or other reasons. Furthermore, disputes with counterparties concerning the valuation of collateral may increase in times of significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and we could suffer losses during these periods if we are unable to realize the fair value of collateral or to manage declines in the value of collateral. Liquidity Risks Ineffective liquidity management could adversely affect our financial results and condition. Effective liquidity management is essential for the operation of our business. We require sufficient liquidity to meet customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities/withdrawals, payments on our debt obligations as they come due and other cash commitments under both normal operating conditions and unpredictable circumstances causing industry or general financial market stress. A substantial majority of our assets are loans, which cannot necessarily be called or sold on timeframes short enough to meet these liquidity requirements. In addition, our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry or economy generally. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include increases in funding costs, a downturn or disruption in financial markets, or unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral (due, for example, to deposit outflows or draws upon loan commitments). Although we have historically been able to meet the liquidity needs of customers as necessary, the ability to do so is not assured, especially if there are large simultaneous withdrawals from deposits or draws upon loan commitments. A failure to maintain adequate liquidity could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 23 Table of Contents Loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase our funding costs. Deposits are a low cost and stable source of funding. Regions competes with banks and other financial institutions for deposits and as a result, Regions could lose deposits in the future, clients may shift their deposits into higher cost products or Regions may need to raise interest rates to avoid deposit attrition. Funding costs may also increase if deposits lost are replaced with wholesale funding. Higher funding costs reduce Regions net interest margin, net interest income and net income. Any of a variety of single or combined factors could contribute to adverse movement in deposits or deposit costs, including but not limited to economic uncertainty, rapid movements in market interest rates or the Federal Reserve's monetary policy, entrance of competitors, disruptive technology, and/or diminishment of confidence in Regions or banks broadly. We rely on the mortgage secondary market to manage various risks. In 2025, we sold 50.0 percent of the mortgage loans we originated to the Agencies. We rely on the Agencies to purchase loans that meet their conforming loan requirements in order to reduce our credit risk and provide funding for additional loans we desire to originate. We cannot provide assurance that the Agencies will not materially limit their purchases of conforming loans due to capital constraints, a change in the criteria for conforming loans or other factors. Additionally, various proposals have been made to reform the U.S. residential mortgage finance market, including the role of the Agencies. The exact effects of any such reforms, if implemented, are not yet known, but they may limit our ability to sell conforming loans to the Agencies. If we are unable to continue to sell conforming loans to the Agencies, our ability to fund, and thus originate, additional mortgage loans may be adversely affected, which would adversely affect our results of operations. Technology Risks We are at risk of a variety of systems failures or errors and cyber-attacks or other similar incidents that could adversely affect customer experience and our business and financial performance. Failure or errors in or breach of our systems or networks, or those of our third-party service providers (or providers to such third-party service providers), including as a result of cybersecurity or other similar incidents, could disrupt our businesses or impact our customers. Examples of incidents include, among other things, denial of service attacks, ransomware, malware, worms, software bugs, hacking, social engineering, phishing attacks, credential stuffing, account takeovers, insider threats, theft, malfeasance or improper access by employees or service providers, human error, fraud or other similar disruptions. These incidents could result in the loss, unauthorized disclosure, misuse or misappropriation of confidential, personal, proprietary or other information, damage to our reputation, increases to our costs and cause customer and financial losses. As a large financial institution, we depend on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of customer transactions on a continuous basis and otherwise collect, transmit, store and process a significant amount of personal information in connection therewith. As public, regulatory and customers' expectations have increased regarding operational resilience and cybersecurity, our systems, networks and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures and disruptions, as well as cybersecurity or other similar incidents. Our systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there could be electrical or telecommunications outages; pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts and civil unrest; and, as described below, cyber-attacks or other similar incidents. Although we have business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating systems or networks, or those of our third-party service providers, that support our businesses and customers. Cybersecurity risks for large financial institutions, such as us, have increased significantly in recent years in part because of the proliferation of technology-based products and services, the increased pace of technological innovation, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, nation state-supported actors, activists and other external parties. This increase is expected to continue and further intensify. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched (or may evade detection for considerable time), can be initiated from a variety of sources, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments, and may see their frequency increased, and effectiveness enhanced, by the use of AI. These criminals may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems and networks to disclose sensitive information (including confidential, personal, proprietary and other information) in order to gain access to data or our systems and networks. Third parties with whom we or our customers do business also present operational and cybersecurity risks to us, including cybersecurity or other similar incidents or failures or disruptions of their own systems and networks. While we have successfully defended similar attacks, we could become the subject of a successful similar style attack through a supply chain compromise. As noted above, our operations rely on the secure collection, transmission, storage and other processing of confidential, personal, proprietary and other information in our operating systems and networks. In addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use personal computers, smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices that are beyond our control environment. Additionally, cybersecurity and other similar incidents or terrorist activities could disrupt our or our customers or other third parties business operations. Although these past events have not resulted in a breach of our client data or account information, such attacks have adversely affected the performance of Regions Bank s website, www.regions.com, and, in some instances, prevented customers from accessing Regions Bank s secure websites for consumer and commercial applications. In all cases, the attacks primarily resulted in 24 Table of Contents inconvenience; however, future cyber-attacks or other similar incidents could be more disruptive and damaging, and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks. The U.S. government has raised concerns about increases in cyber-attacks and other similar incidents generally as a result of various political and military conflicts around the world. Although we believe that we have appropriate information security procedures and controls designed to prevent or limit the effects of a cybersecurity or other similar incident, our technologies, systems, networks and our customers devices may be the target of cybersecurity or other similar incidents that could result in the unauthorized release, accessing, gathering, monitoring, loss, destruction, modification, acquisition, transfer, use or other processing of us or our customers confidential, personal, proprietary and other information. We also have insurance coverage, that is reviewed annually, that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain losses associated with cybersecurity and other similar incidents, but our insurer may deny coverage as to any future claim or our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses from any such attack, breach or incident, including any related damage to our reputation. In addition, given the proliferation of cyber-events in our industry, the cost of cyber insurance is expected to continue to increase and may not be available at all or on acceptable terms. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our layers of defense or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. We may also be required to incur significant costs in connection with any regulatory investigation or civil litigation, fines, damages or injunctions resulting from a cybersecurity or other similar incident that impacts us. In addition, our third-party service providers may be unable to identify vulnerabilities in their systems and networks or, once identified, be unable to promptly provide required patches or other remedial measures. Further, even if provided, such patches or remedial measures may not fully address any vulnerability or may be difficult for us to implement. While we perform cybersecurity diligence on our key service providers, because we do not control our service providers and our ability to monitor their cybersecurity is limited, we cannot ensure the cybersecurity measures they take will be sufficient to protect any information we share them. Due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for cybersecurity or other similar incidents attributed to our service providers as they relate to the information we share with them. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems or networks that support our businesses and customers, or cybersecurity or other similar incidents of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our products and services, could result in customer attrition, violation of applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, notifications obligations, regulatory fines, civil litigation, damages, injunctions, penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, remediation costs, additional cybersecurity protection costs, increased insurance premiums and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. We could also be adversely affected if we lose access to information or services from a third-party service provider as a result of a cybersecurity or similar incident or system, network or operational failure or disruption affecting the third-party service provider. For a more detailed discussion of these risks and specific occurrences, see the Information Security Risk section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding privacy and cybersecurity, which could increase the cost of doing business, compliance risks and potential liability. We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and cybersecurity of the personal information of clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. As new privacy and cybersecurity-related laws, regulations, rules and standards are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws, regulations, rules and standards as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and reporting obligations in the case of cybersecurity or other similar incidents, may significantly increase. In addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws, regulations, rules and standards relating to privacy, cybersecurity, surveillance, encryption and data use in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance with these laws, regulations, rules and standards may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security and segregation of data, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to operational failures and to monetary penalties for breach of such laws, regulations, rules and standards. At the federal level, we are subject to the GLBA which requires financial institutions to, among other things, periodically disclose their privacy policies and practices relating to sharing personal information and, in some cases, enables retail customers to opt out of the sharing of certain non-public personal information with unaffiliated third parties. We are also subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, which regulates unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including with respect to privacy and cybersecurity. Moreover, the United States Congress has considered, and will likely in the future consider, various proposals for more comprehensive privacy and cybersecurity legislation, to which we may be subject if passed. Additionally, the federal banking regulators, as well as the SEC and related self-regulatory organizations, regularly issue guidance regarding cybersecurity that is intended to enhance cyber risk management among financial institutions. 25 Table of Contents Privacy and cybersecurity are also areas of increasing state legislative focus and we are, or may in the future become, subject to various state laws and regulations regarding privacy and cybersecurity, such as the CCPA. For example, while we have taken steps to comply with applicable portions of the CCPA, we cannot ensure that such steps completely eliminate the risk of liability under the CCPA. Other states where we do business, or may in the future do business, or from which we otherwise collect, or may in the future otherwise collect, personal information of residents have implemented, or are considering implementing, comprehensive privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations sharing similarities with the CCPA. Similar laws already exist in a number of other states, and such legislation continues to expand across the country. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states generally require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to individuals whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. Certain state laws and regulations may be more stringent, broader in scope or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal or other state laws and regulations, and such laws and regulations may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts and increase compliance costs. Aspects of the CCPA and other federal and state laws and regulations relating to privacy and cybersecurity, as well as their enforcement, remain unclear, and we may be required to modify our practices in an effort to comply with them. Further, while we strive to publish and prominently display privacy policies that are accurate, comprehensive and compliant with applicable laws, regulations, rules and industry standards, we cannot ensure that our privacy policies and other statements regarding our practices will be sufficient to protect us from claims, proceedings, liability or adverse publicity relating to privacy or cybersecurity. Although we endeavor to comply with our privacy policies, we may at times or in the future fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. The publication of our privacy policies and other documentation that provide promises and assurances about privacy and cybersecurity can subject us to potential federal or state action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresents our actual practices. Additional risks could arise in connection with any failure, or perceived failure, to timely or sufficiently update or expand our privacy notices and policies to be fully compliant with quickly evolving state privacy requirements, and any failure to sufficiently respond to, or respond in a sufficiently timely manner to, consumer rights and other requests exercised under such state privacy laws, in each case to the extent they are applicable to us. Additional risks may also arise in connection with a failure or perceived failure by us, our service providers or other third parties with which we do business to provide adequate disclosure or transparency to our customers about the personal information collected from them and its use, to receive, document or honor the privacy preferences expressed by our customers, to protect personal information from unauthorized disclosure or to maintain proper training on privacy practices for all employees or third parties who have access to personal information in our possession or control. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, or applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations, rules, standards or contractual obligations, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or unauthorized loss, destruction, use, modification, acquisition, disclosure, release or transfer of personal information, may result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, the expenditure of substantial costs, time and other resources, proceedings or actions against us, legal liability, governmental investigations, enforcement actions, claims, fines, judgments, awards, penalties, sanctions and costly litigation (including class actions). Any of the foregoing could harm our reputation, distract our management and technical personnel, increase our costs of doing business, adversely affect the demand for our products and services and ultimately result in the imposition of liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further discussion of the privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations, rules and standards we are, or may in the future become, subject to, see the Supervision and Regulation-Privacy and Cybersecurity section of Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will continually encounter technological change and must effectively anticipate, develop and implement new technology. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. We have invested in technology to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of clients to engage in financial transactions and otherwise to enhance the client experience with respect to our products and services. We expect to make additional investments in innovation and technology to address technological disruption in the industry and improve client offerings and service. These changes allow us to better serve our clients and to reduce costs. Despite our investments in technology, our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address clients needs by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy client demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, to create efficiencies in our operations and to integrate those offerings with legacy platforms or to update those legacy platforms. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because of a failure to anticipate client expectations, a failure in the performance of technological developments or an untimely roll out of developments, may cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. The development and use of AI presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. We and our third-party vendors, clients or counterparties develop, deploy and incorporate AI technology in certain business processes, services and products. Our current and increasing development, deployment and use of AI presents a number of risks and challenges to our business. The legal and regulatory environment relating to AI is uncertain and rapidly 26 Table of Contents evolving, both in the U.S. and internationally, and includes regulatory schemes targeted specifically at AI as well as new and existing provisions in intellectual property, privacy, cybersecurity, consumer protection, employment and other laws applicable to the use of AI and changes in interpretation of the foregoing. These evolving laws and regulations could require changes in our implementation of AI technology and increase our compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. AI models, particularly generative AI models, may, and often do, produce output or take action that is incorrect, that result in the release of personal, confidential or proprietary information, that reflect or introduce discrimination, errors or biases included in the data on which they are trained or prompts or algorithms on which they rely, that infringe on the intellectual property rights of others or that is otherwise harmful. In addition, the complexity of many AI models makes it challenging to understand why they are generating particular outputs. This limited transparency increases the challenges associated with assessing the proper operation of AI models, understanding and monitoring the capabilities of the AI models, reducing erroneous output, eliminating bias and complying with applicable laws and regulations, including those that require documentation or explanation of the basis on which decisions are made. Additionally, if we do not have sufficient rights to use AI models, the data on which they are trained or prompts or algorithms on which they rely or the output thereof, we could also incur liability through the violation of applicable laws and regulations, third-party intellectual property, privacy or other rights or contracts to which we are a party. Further, we currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on AI models developed by third parties, and are and would be dependent in part on the manner in which those third parties develop, train and deploy their models, which involves risks arising from any discrimination, errors or bias in the models and the data on which they are trained or prompts or algorithms on which they rely, as well as the risk of inadvertent disclosure or incorporation of our personal, confidential or proprietary information into publicly available training sets. Any of these risks may impact our ability to realize the benefit of such information or adequately maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, and could result in regulatory compliance failures and otherwise harm our competitive position and business. The use of AI by companies has resulted in, and may in the future result in, systems failures or errors and cyber-attacks or other similar incidents. We may not be able to sufficiently mitigate, remediate or detect any of the foregoing limitations or risks given our and other market participants evolving experience with using AI, the pace of technological change, and rapid adoption of AI by our third-party vendors, clients, counterparties or competitors. Any of these risks could expose us to liability or adverse legal or regulatory consequences and harm our reputation and the public perception of our business or the effectiveness of our security measures. We are also exposed to risks arising from the use of AI technologies by bad actors to commit fraud and misappropriate funds and to facilitate cyber-attacks and other similar incidents. Generative AI, if used to perpetrate fraud or launch cyberattacks or other similar incidents, could create panic at a particular financial institution or securities exchange, which could pose a threat to financial stability. Moreover, inappropriate or controversial data practices by AI developers and users, or other factors adversely affecting public opinion of AI, could also impair the acceptance of AI. If the AI technology that we incorporate into our business processes, services or products are, or are perceived to be, deficient, inaccurate or controversial, we could suffer operational inefficiencies, competitive harm, legal liability, brand or reputational harm or other adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, our competitors and other third parties may incorporate AI into their business processes, services and products more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Strategic Risks Industry competition, including competition from decentralized finance platforms, cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies, could disrupt our business model and adversely affect our revenues, market share or liquidity. Our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. We operate in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory, market and technological changes, as well as continued industry consolidation. This consolidation may produce larger and more geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wider array of financial products and services at more competitive prices. For example, there have been a number of completed mergers of financial institutions within our market areas, and there may in the future be additional consolidation. These and future mergers will, if completed, allow the merged financial institutions to benefit from cost savings and shared resources. In our market areas, we face competition from other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, internet banks, fintechs, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking firms, mortgage companies and other financial intermediaries that offer similar services. Many of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services, such as loans and payment services, that traditionally were banking products, and made it possible for technology companies to compete with financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone based financial solutions. Competition with non-banks, including technology companies, to provide financial products and services is intensifying. In 27 Table of Contents particular, the activity of fintechs has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to continue to grow. Fintechs have and may continue to offer bank or bank-like products. For example, a number of fintechs have applied for, and in some cases been granted, bank or industrial loan charters. In addition, other fintechs have partnered with existing banks to allow them to offer deposit products to their customers. Regulatory changes, such as the revisions to the FDIC s rules on brokered deposits intended to reflect recent technological changes and innovations, may also make it easier for fintechs to partner with banks and offer deposit products. In addition to fintechs, traditional technology companies have begun to make efforts toward providing financial services directly to their customers and are expected to continue to explore new ways to do so. Many of these companies, including our competitors, have fewer regulatory constraints, and some have lower cost structures, in part due to lack of physical locations. Regions provides an array of digital products and services to our customers and we expect a bank s digital offerings are a competitive necessity. The move toward digital banking and financial services, and customer expectations regarding digital offerings, will require us to invest greater resources in technological improvements and may put us at a disadvantage to banks and non-banks with greater resources to spend on technology. The rapid emergence and increasing adoption of DeFi platforms, cryptocurrencies and related blockchain-enabled financial products and services could disrupt traditional banking services and accelerate competitive pressures on our business. As customers and counterparties gain access to alternative platforms that facilitate payments, lending, trading, custody, settlement and other financial services outside of, or with reduced reliance on, traditional financial institutions, we may experience reduced demand for certain of our products and services, lower volumes and compression of pricing and fee incomes. If we do not effectively develop, acquire, partner with or otherwise adapt our products to respond to evolving customer preferences and competitive dynamics, then we may lose customers to existing or new competitors, including non-bank competitors, resulting in reduced market share and lower revenues. Continued growth in the acceptance of DeFi platforms, cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies could also reduce traditional banking deposits and income streams and increase volatility in our deposit base, which could adversely affect our liquidity position, funding costs and overall financial condition. The evolving regulatory and supervisory environment applicable to DeFi platforms, cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies may increase our compliance costs, constrain our ability to pursue strategic initiatives or engage in certain activities and heighten our exposure to reputational and operational risks. Developments in the regulatory landscape, such as the enactment and implementation of the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act of 2025 (GENIUS Act) and potential enactment of the Digital Asset Market Clarity Act of 2025 (CLARITY Act) or similar market structure legislation, may also affect our clients needs and expectations for products and services. In addition, adverse events involving DeFi platforms and cryptocurrencies, including security breaches, fraud, market manipulation, insolvencies or other failures, could negatively impact customer confidence in financial institutions generally or in us, even if we are not directly involved, and thereby adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of additional factors, including customer convenience, quality of service, personal contacts, the quality of the technology that supports the customer experience and pricing and range of products. If we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and to retain our current customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected, perhaps materially. In particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin and financial performance. In addition, we may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. As a result, our ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition or results of operations, may be adversely affected. Our operations are concentrated primarily in the South, Midwest and Texas, and adverse changes in the economic conditions in this region can adversely affect our financial results and condition. Our operations are concentrated primarily in the South, Midwest and Texas. As a result, local economic conditions in these areas significantly affect the demand for the loans and other products we offer to our customers (including real estate, commercial and construction loans), the ability of borrowers to repay these loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. Any declines in real estate values in these areas may adversely affect borrowers and the value of the collateral securing many of our loans, which could adversely affect our currently performing loans, leading to future delinquencies or defaults and increases in our provision for credit losses. Adverse changes in the economic conditions in these regions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our geographic footprint includes markets that are experiencing significant population growth and economic development, which makes these areas attractive to both existing and new financial institutions. As a result, we could face increased competition from other financial institutions seeking to expand in these markets. If we are unable to compete effectively, our ability to grow loans and deposits, maintain customer relationships, and achieve desired profitability could be adversely affected. 28 Table of Contents Weakness in the residential real estate markets could adversely affect our performance. As of December 31, 2025, consumer residential real estate loans represented approximately 26.5 percent of our total loan portfolio. A general decline in home values would adversely affect the value of collateral securing the residential real estate that we hold, as well as the volume of loan originations and the amount we realize on the sale of real estate loans. Additionally, if insurance obtained by our borrowers is insufficient to cover any losses sustained to the collateral, the decreases in the value of collateral securing our loans as a result of natural disasters or other related events could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. If insurance coverage is unavailable to our borrowers due to the reluctance of insurance companies to renew policies covering the collateral or due to other factors, the resulting increase in cost of home ownership could affect the ability of borrowers to repay loans. These factors could result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future periods, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Weakness in the commercial real estate markets could adversely affect our performance. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 9.5 percent of our loan portfolio consisted of investor real estate loans. Commercial real estate loans generally carry large balances and may involve a greater degree of financial and credit risk than other loans. The increased financial and credit risk associated with these types of loans are a result of several factors, including the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans and borrowers, the types of business and collateral, the size of loan balances, the effects of nationwide and regional economic conditions on income-producing properties and businesses and the increased difficulty of evaluating and monitoring these types of loans. Declines in real estate markets or sustained economic downturns increase the risk of credit losses or charge-offs related to our loans or foreclosures on certain real estate properties. The investor real estate loans we make are secured by income-producing properties such as office buildings, retail centers, mixed-use buildings and multi-tenanted light industrial properties. At December 31, 2025, office properties constituted 1.1 percent of our total loan portfolio. The office property segment is undergoing a structural shift given the rise of a remote work environment resulting in heightened vacancies and potentially reduced leasing needs. It is anticipated that this heightened risk environment for the office segment may take several years to resolve. A reduction in the need for office space could result in a reduction in demand for these categories of commercial office and/or in our customers ability to repay their loans, which, in turn, may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operation. Furthermore, additional softening in the real estate market in our primary market areas (in particular the South, Midwest, and Texas) could result in an increase in the number of borrowers who default on their loans and a reduction in the value of the collateral securing their loans, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our profitability and asset quality. If we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt during a period of reduced real estate values, our earnings and shareholders equity could be adversely affected. Unexpected decreases in investor real estate prices coupled with slow economic growth and elevated levels of unemployment could drive losses beyond those which are provided for in our allowance for loan losses. We also may incur losses on investor real estate loans due to declines in occupancy rates and rental rates, which may decrease property values and may decrease the likelihood that a borrower may find permanent financing alternatives. Any of these events could increase our costs, require management's time and attention, and have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Additionally, if insurance obtained by our borrowers is insufficient to cover any losses sustained to the collateral, the decreases in the value of collateral securing our loans as a result of natural disasters or other related events could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. If insurance coverage is unavailable to our borrowers due to the reluctance of insurance companies to renew policies covering the collateral or due to other factors, the resulting increase in cost of investor real estate ownership could affect the ability of borrowers to repay loans. The combination of these factors could result in deterioration in the fundamentals underlying the commercial real estate market and the deterioration in value of some of our loans, as well as the ability of our borrowers to repay the amounts due under their loans. Risks associated with home equity products where we are in a second lien position could adversely affect our performance. Home equity products, particularly those in a second lien position, may carry a higher risk of non-collection than other loans. Home equity lending includes both home equity loans and lines of credit. At December 31, 2025, the Company's home equity portfolio included approximately $3.2 billion of home equity lines of credit and $2.3 billion of closed-end home equity loans (primarily originated as amortizing loans). Real estate market values at the time of origination directly affect the amount of credit extended, and, in addition, past and future changes in these values impact the depth of potential losses. Second lien position lending carries higher credit risk because any decrease in real estate pricing may result in the value of the collateral being insufficient to cover the second lien after the first lien position has been satisfied. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $2.4 billion of our home equity lines and loans were in a second lien position. Weakness in commodity businesses could adversely affect our performance. Many of our borrowers operate in industries that are directly or indirectly impacted by changes in commodity prices. This includes agriculture, livestock, metals, timber, textiles and energy businesses (including oil, gas and petrochemical), as well as businesses indirectly impacted by commodities prices such as businesses that transport commodities or manufacture equipment 29 Table of Contents used in production of commodities. Changes in commodity prices depend on local, regional and global events or conditions that affect supply and demand for the relevant commodity. These industries have been, and may in the future be, subject to significant volatility. For example, oil prices have been volatile, both rising and falling, in recent years. Such volatility is expected to continue in the foreseeable future due to an unpredictable geopolitical and economic environment, including as a direct or indirect consequence of changing tariff regimes. As a consequence of oil and gas price volatility, our energy-related portfolio may be subject to additional pressure on credit quality metrics including past due, criticized, and non-performing loans, as well as net charge-offs. In addition, legislative changes such as the elimination of certain tax incentives and the transition to a less carbon dependent economy in response to climate change and other factors could have significant impacts on this portfolio. An outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region could have a material adverse effect on the U.S. economy and on our businesses. Aggressive actions by hostile governments or groups, including armed conflict or intensified cyber-attacks, could expand in unpredictable ways by drawing in other countries or escalating into full-scale war with potentially catastrophic consequences, particularly if one or more of the combatants possess nuclear weapons. Depending on the scope of the conflict, the hostilities could result in worldwide economic disruption, heightened volatility in financial markets, severe declines in asset values, disruption of global trade and supply chains and diminished consumer, business and investor confidence. Instability in geopolitical matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The macroeconomic environment in the United States is susceptible to global events and volatility in financial markets.. Current and emerging sources of geopolitical risk include, among others, ongoing armed conflicts and military tensions (such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine and various conflicts in the Middle East), heightened strategic competition between the United States and China and evolving tensions related to relations between China and Taiwan. Political and military developments in Venezuela and broader instability in other parts of Latin America may contribute to economic uncertainty and pressures on regional markets and supply chains. Additionally, shifting geopolitical priorities among major powers have amplified concerns about economic fragmentation, trade disruptions and the weaponization of economic policy tools such as sanctions, tariffs and export controls. These dynamics can lead to higher and more volatile commodity and energy prices, strained global supply chains, increased inflationary pressures and weaker economic growth both globally and in the United States. Financial markets may experience abrupt swings in asset valuations, higher risk premiums and periods of reduced liquidity. Geopolitical events can also spur elevated cyber threats, including state-sponsored and opportunistic cyber-attacks aimed at critical infrastructures and financial systems. Such attacks could disrupt our operations, compromise sensitive data, increase compliance and remediation costs and harm customer relationships. Any of these developments, either alone or together, may dampen consumer and business confidence, increase delinquency rates, amplify credit risk across our loan portfolios, disrupt funding markets or necessitate additional capital or liquidity reserves. As a result, instability in geopolitical matters and the global macroeconomic environment could have significant adverse effects on the U.S. economy, our business and our long-term strategic plans. Operational Risks We are subject to a variety of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by internal or external parties, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are exposed to many types of operational risks, including business resilience, process, third party, information technology, human resource, model and fraud risks, each of which may be amplified by continued remote work. Our fraud risks include fraud committed by external parties against the Company or its customers and fraud committed internally by our associates. Certain fraud risks, including identity theft and account takeover, may increase as a result of customers account or personal information being obtained through breaches of retailers or other third parties networks. Examples of external fraud we face include fraudulent checks, stolen checks and other check-related fraud. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, mitigate, report and analyze these risks; however, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated, monitored or identified. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses, we may have to expend resources detecting and correcting the failure in our systems and we may be subject to potential claims from third parties and government agencies. We may also suffer severe reputational damage. Any of these consequences could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In particular, the unauthorized disclosure, misappropriation, mishandling or misuse of personal, non-public, confidential or proprietary information of customers could result in significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage and financial loss. We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure. Third parties provide key components of our business operations such as data processing, recording and monitoring 30 Table of Contents transactions, online banking interfaces and services, internet connections and network access. While we have selected these third-party vendors carefully, performing upfront due diligence and ongoing monitoring activities, we do not control their actions. Any issues that arise with respect to these third parties, including those resulting from disruptions in services provided by a vendor (including as a result of a cyber-attack, other information security event or a natural disaster), financial or operational difficulties for the vendor, issues at third-party vendors to the vendors, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, failure of a vendor to provide services for any reason, poor performance of services, failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or fraud or misconduct on the part of employees of any of our vendors, could trigger regulatory notification obligations on us, adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers, our reputation and our ability to conduct our business. In certain situations, replacing these third-party vendors could also create significant delay and expense. Accordingly, use of such third parties creates an unavoidable, inherent risk to our business operations. Many of our vendors have also been impacted by market volatility and other factors that increase their risks of business disruption or that may otherwise affect their ability to perform under the terms of any agreements with us or provide essential services. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors if made available. If this information is inaccurate, we may be subject to regulatory action, reputational harm or other adverse effects with respect to the operation of our business, our financial condition and our results of operations. We are exposed to risk of environmental liability when we take title to property. In the course of our business, we may foreclose on and take title to real estate. As a result, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. We may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination or may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. If we become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. We can be negatively affected if we fail to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services and delivery platforms. When we launch a new product or service, introduce a new platform for the delivery or distribution of products or services (including mobile connectivity, electronic trading and cloud computing), acquire or invest in a business or make changes to an existing product, service or delivery platform, we may not fully identify or understand new operational risks that may arise from those changes, or may fail to implement adequate controls to mitigate the risks associated with those changes. Any significant failure in this regard could diminish our ability to operate one or more of our business or result in potential liability to clients, counterparties and customers, and result in increased operating expenses. We could also experience higher litigation costs, including regulatory fines, penalties and other sanctions, reputational damage, impairment of our liquidity, regulatory intervention or weaker competitive standing. Any of the foregoing consequences could materially and adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. Enhanced regulatory and other standards for the oversight of vendors and other service providers can result in higher costs and other potential exposures. We must comply with enhanced regulatory and other standards associated with doing business with vendors and other service providers, including standards relating to the outsourcing of functions as well as the performance of significant banking and other functions by subsidiaries. We incur significant costs and expenses in connection with our initiatives to address the risks associated with oversight of our external service providers. Our failure to appropriately assess and manage these relationships, especially those involving significant banking functions, shared services or other critical activities, could materially adversely affect us. Specifically, any such failure could result in: potential harm to clients and customers, and any liability associated with that harm; regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions; lower revenues, and the opportunity cost from lost revenues; increased operational costs, or harm to our reputation. We are, and may in the future be, subject to claims and litigation calling into question our right to use the intellectual property underlying certain technology in our business. Our business is dependent on proprietary technology and other intellectual property that we or our vendors own or license from third parties. If another person or entity were deemed to own intellectual property rights infringed by our activities, we could be responsible for damages and fees to continue to engage in these types of activities and/or could be prevented from using technology important to our business for a period of time or permanently. In such a circumstance, there may be no 31 Table of Contents alternative technology for us to use or an appropriate alternative technology could be expensive to obtain. Protections offered by those from whom we license technology against these risks may be inadequate to cover fully any losses. Over time, there have been instances where technology used by us and other financial institutions has been alleged to have infringed patents held by others. For example, the United Services Automobile Association (USAA) has pursued patent infringement claims against several financial institutions, including Regions. Defending these types of claims, even those without merit, have caused and could continue to cause us to incur expenses, and adverse rulings in these matters could impact our financial condition. Weather-related events, pandemics and other natural or man-made disasters could cause a disruption in our operations or lead to other consequences that could adversely impact our financial results and condition. These impacts could be intensified by climate change. Heightening focus on climate change may also carry transition risks that could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Weather-related events, health crises, the occurrence or worsening of disease outbreaks or pandemics, or other catastrophic events, other natural or man-made disasters, climate change, as well as economic, market and industry changes, or government actions or other responses in connection with such events, pose shorter- and longer-term risks to our business and/or that of our customers, vendors and suppliers and are expected to increase over time. A significant portion of our operations is located in the areas bordering the Gulf region and the Atlantic Ocean, regions that are susceptible to hurricanes, or in areas of the Southeastern U.S. that are susceptible to tornadoes and other severe weather events. In particular, in recent years, a number of severe hurricanes have impacted areas in our footprint. Many areas in the Southeastern U.S. have also experienced severe droughts and floods in recent years. Any of these, or any other severe weather event, could cause disruption to our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, results of operations or financial condition. In some cases, we have taken preemptive measures in an effort to mitigate certain of these adverse effects, such as maintaining insurance that includes coverage for resultant losses and expenses where possible, though these measures cannot fully mitigate all future risks. We cannot be sure that such insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. In addition, such measures cannot predict the nature, timing or level of severe weather events or prevent the disruption that a catastrophic earthquake, fire, hurricane, tornado or other severe weather or other event could cause to the markets that we serve and any resulting adverse impact on our customers, such as hindering our borrowers ability to timely repay their loans and diminishing the value of any collateral held by us. Man-made disasters and other events connected with the Gulf region or Atlantic Ocean, such as oil spills, could have similar effects. Climate change could intensify the severity of and increase the frequency of adverse effects of weather-related events impacting us and our customers. Namely, climate change may intensify the severity of and increase the frequency of earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, tornadoes, droughts, floods and other weather-related events, which could cause even greater disruption to our business and operations. Longer-term changes, such as increasing average temperatures and rising sea levels, may damage, destroy or otherwise impact the value or productivity of our properties and other assets, reduce the availability of or increase the cost of insurance, and/or lead to prolonged disruptions in our operations. Our and our stakeholders' concerns around climate change may expose us to risks, including risks associated with any transition to a lower-carbon economy. Such risks may result from changes in policies, laws and regulations, technologies, or market preferences. These changes could materially and negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and our reputation, in addition to having a similar impact on our customers, vendors and suppliers. Many of our stakeholders, including regulators in different jurisdictions in which we operate, have differing views, perspectives, and expectations that could continue to evolve and diverge; ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices, including inconsistent (and sometimes conflicting) perspectives or requirements, may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit and reputational risks and costs. Due to the divergent views of stakeholders, we are at an increased risk that any action, or lack thereof, by us concerning our response to climate change will be perceived negatively by some stakeholders, which could adversely impact our reputation and business. In addition, any transition to a lower-carbon economy could indirectly subject us to specific risks through our borrowers' exposure to changes in commodity prices. For more information see the We are subject to sociopolitical risks that could adversely affect our business, reputation and the trading price of our common stock and Weakness in commodity businesses could adversely affect our performance RISK FACTORS above. Reputational Risks We are subject to sociopolitical risks that could adversely affect our business, reputation and the trading price of our common stock . We are subject to a variety of risks, including reputational risk, associated with sociopolitical issues. Regions approach to such issues is about operating responsibly and creating shared value to benefit our customers, shareholders, communities, and workforce. These and our other stakeholders, including federal and state regulators, policy makers, and agencies, often have differing, and sometimes conflicting, priorities and expectations regarding these issues that nevertheless must be considered 32 Table of Contents simultaneously. For example, certain federal and state laws, regulations, and directives related to these issues may include provisions that are in conflict, real or perceived, with laws, regulations, and directives in other jurisdictions, which may result in compliance challenges and uncertainty and increased costs to our business. These conflicting views also increase the risk that any action or lack thereof by us on such matters will be perceived negatively by some stakeholders. Failing to comply with expectations and standards, or taking action in conflict with one or multiple of those stakeholders expectations, could also lead to loss of business, impacts on our talent management strategy, adverse publicity, an adverse impact on our reputation, customer complaints or public protests. Negative publicity may be driven by adverse news coverage in traditional media and may also be spread more broadly through the use of social media platforms. If our relationships with our customers, vendors and suppliers were to become the subject of such negative publicity, our ability to attract and retain customers and employees, compete effectively and grow our business may be negatively impacted. Damage to our reputation could significantly harm our businesses. Our ability to attract and retain customers and highly-skilled management and employees is impacted by our reputation. A negative public opinion of us and our business can result from any number of activities, including our lending practices, corporate governance and regulatory compliance, acquisitions and actions taken by community organizations in response to these activities. Furthermore, negative publicity regarding us as an employer could have an adverse impact on our reputation, especially with respect to matters of pay equity and workplace harassment. Significant harm to our reputation, or the reputation of any company, could also arise as a result of regulatory or governmental actions, litigation and the activities of our customers, other participants in the financial services industry or our contractual counterparties, such as our service providers and vendors. In addition, a cybersecurity event affecting us or our customers data could have a negative impact on our reputation and customer confidence in us and our cybersecurity practices. Damage t
