, also deals with the implementation, management and compliance of internal processes at its regular meetings. The Executive Board also addresses the company’s risk situation at its monthly Executive Board meetings as part of update reports on the business situation. For our assessment of the appropriateness and effectiveness of the risk management system and the internal control system, please refer to the remarks under »Corporate governance statement. Internal control system in relation to accounting The Rheinmetall Group’s internal control system related to the accounting process includes all principles, procedures and measures which ensure, by both organizational and technical means, that all business processes and transactions are recorded in the accounting system promptly, accurately and consistently. In addition to defined control mechanisms, (e.g. manual coordination processes and technical coordination processes for systems), this includes the separation of administrative, executive, settlement and approval functions together with guidelines and operating instructions. Changes to the economic, legal and regulatory environment of the Rheinmetall Group are analyzed to determine whether adjustments to the accounting-related control system are necessary. Accounting guidelines – Our IFRS accounting guidelines cover all the regulations of the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) that are of relevance to Rheinmetall AG. They explain the IFRS regulations and specify accounting procedures. The guidelines must be observed by all companies included in the consolidated financial statements, thereby ensuring standardized accounting. The accounting guidelines are reviewed at least once a year and amended where necessary. Companies are informed about specific changes to guidelines. The content of the guidelines is the responsibility of the main Accounting department of Rheinmetall AG. 108 RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Letter to shareholders Combined management report Risks and opportunities Assessment of the general risk and opportunity situation Consolidated financial statement Further information Accounting processes in companies included in the consolidated financial statements – It is the responsibility of the management of the respective companies to prepare the financial statements of companies included in the consolidated financial statements. The accounts and financial statements are prepared using SAP-based accounting systems (SAP-FI). Procedures, such as document checks for formal and material correctness, the separation of functions and IT-based plausibility checks, are implemented in the accounting process to ensure the correctness of the accounts and financial statements. The management of each Group company monitors compliance with IFRS accounting guidelines and other guidelines and operating instructions in force across the Group. The management must confirm the correctness of the financial statements in a corresponding declaration. Consolidation and Group accounting process – The main Accounting department of Rheinmetall AG is responsible for central management of the Group accounting process. It stipulates the schedule for the consolidated financial statements and monitors compliance with deadlines. The consolidated financial statements of Rheinmetall AG are drawn up with the aid of the consolidation software SAP SEM-BCS. A standardized, binding chart of accounts is incorporated into this system, which covers virtually all the information required for the IFRS consolidated financial statements of Rheinmetall AG. The individual companies record the financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS accounting guidelines in the consolidation software. After this IFRS single-entity financial statement data is recorded, it then undergoes an automatic plausibility check and system-based validation. If error or warning messages are displayed during this process, these are to be analyzed and dealt with by the person responsible for the single-entity financial statements. Employees in the main Accounting department then perform additional automatic and manual checks. The manual and automated consolidation measures undergo system-based checks and automatic plausibility checks. The consolidated financial statements are also audited on the basis of standardized reports using comparisons of target and actual performance, trend and deviation analyses and detailed evaluations. A check is carried out every quarter to ensure the completeness of the scope of consolidation. The auditors examine the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report to determine whether they comply with applicable accounting regulations and other relevant provisions. The auditors check whether the IFRS accounting guidelines have been applied to the financial statements prepared for consolidation purposes and establish the correctness of the annual financial statements prepared in accordance with applicable accounting principles. The audit procedures performed by these auditors also include an assessment of the effectiveness of the accounting-related internal control system based on spot checks in subdivisions. Assessment of the general risk and opportunity situation Assessment of the general risk and opportunity situation Potential risks for companies in the Rheinmetall Group include, on the one hand, factors that cannot be influenced, such as the national and international economy and the general economic situation, and, on the other, risks that can be influenced directly, which are generally operational risks. The aforementioned risks are not necessarily the only risks to which the Rheinmetall Group is exposed. Risks that have not yet been identified or that are still deemed insignificant can materialize under altered circumstances, hinder business activities and adversely impact the assets, financial situation and earnings of the Group. Our business policy is geared towards maintaining and expanding our current business liberties and financial flexibility. The goal is to ensure the longterm and economically successful existence of Rheinmetall for the benefit of all stakeholders. Opportunities that present themselves must be identified early and systematically and the accompanying potential for success must be exploited. Overall, the Rheinmetall Group assumes that the outlook for opportunities is good, particularly thanks to the German government’s declared intention to increase defence spending significantly. Increasing defence budgets and business opportunities for Rheinmetall are also to be anticipated in other European countries as a result of the Ukraine war. As part of its audit of the consolidated annual financial statements, the auditor, Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich, Düsseldorf branch, examined the early risk identification system of the Rheinmetall Group to ensure that it complies with the requirements of section 91(2) of the German Stock RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 109 Letter to shareholders Combined management report Risks and opportunities Assessment of the general risk and opportunity situation Consolidated financial statement Further information Corporation Act. In accordance with the basis outlined for the assessment of risk factors and taking into account the overall risk situation, major asset, financial and earnings risks jeopardizing the Rheinmetall Group on a longterm basis were not identifiable during the past fiscal year. Compared with the previous year, the overall risk situation of the Rheinmetall Group did not change significantly in fiscal 2023, despite persistently high inflation rates and associated price increases, for example for raw materials and energy. A large part of these cost increases were hedged using price adjustment clauses. The assessment of the overall risk situation is the product of consolidated consideration of all individual material risks. We are confident that the risks presented are limited and manageable. In our opinion, as of the end of the reporting period, no risks exist from today’s perspective on an individual basis, in combination with other risks or as a collectivity that may significantly jeopardize the continued existence of Rheinmetall AG and the Rheinmetall Group as a going concern in the foreseeable future. 110 RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Letter to shareholders Combined management report Report on expected developments Economic outlook Consolidated financial statement Further information Report on expected developments Economic outlook Global economy set for another year of only moderate growth – momentum waning slightly 2024 will be another year of restrained global economic growth. Economic growth in industrialized countries in particular remains subdued for the moment. Dramatically elevated interest rates are still having a curbing effect, which is stifling consumer spending and corporate investment. The impact of less favorable monetary conditions in the form of higher interest rates has been visible for quite some time already, particularly in the context of housing construction. The problem is especially pronounced in the United States, but this is also the case for some European countries including Germany. Financial policy is also serving as a restraint on the economy, since measures designed to boost purchasing power have been scaled back. Some degree of relief can be expected on the part of inflation rates, which have already been trending downwards due to factors including central banks’ expansive monetary policy and stand to limit private consumers’ willingness to spend to a lesser degree. Lower inflation rates will also potentially give central banks room to begin bringing rates back down again this year, which should have a positive impact on economic momentum. Growth of the US economy will most likely weaken to some extent in 2024, with GDP growth of 1.6%. Factors pointing to a slowdown include subdued sentiment in the corporate sector and waning labor market momentum. Growth of 0.9% is expected for the eurozone. Restrained overseas demand is weighing on the European economy. In Germany, gross domestic product (GDP) is expected to grow by only 0.3%, constrained not least of all by the necessary saving measures enacted by the German government. China is expected to see moderate growth of 4.5% in 2024. Obstacles to more dynamic growth there include structural issues and the weak global economy. Following growth in global economic output by 3.0% in 2023, 2024 will most likely see only below-average growth of 2.8%, and thus another mild loss of growth momentum. Growth of just 1.2% is expected in the industrialized countries, with emerging markets set for much more dynamic growth of around 3.9%. In 2025, the global growth rate is expected to recover to a slightly higher level of 3.0%. Lower inflation rates for 2024 Projections for the global inflation rate in 2024 currently average 6.4%. In 2023, global inflation measured 6.9%. Germany is expected to see a much lower inflation rate of 2.6% in 2024. A relatively high inflation rate of 9.3% is expected for emerging and developing countries, while industrialized countries are expected to average 2.5%. For 2025, experts anticipate another pronounced reduction in global inflation to 3.9%. High political priority for defence capability – defence spending rising further In light of the current and prospectively increasing geopolitical risks, IHS Jane’s forecasts that global defence spending will amount to roughly $2,398 billion in 2024. It will therefore significantly exceed the forecast made before the Ukraine war and reach a level 3.1% higher than that of the previous year (previous year: $2,327 billion). The global trend of increasing defence spending is chiefly due to the responses to the Ukraine war, which have resulted in higher defence budgets in Europe in particular. For Europe, IHS Jane’s is forecasting spending of $442 billion in 2024. Germany's defence spending is projected to rise to a record high of roughly €74 billion in the current year. Of this amount, €51.8 billion originates from the regular defence budget and a further E19.2 billion stems from the German armed forces’ special fund for military procurement. Although European defence budgets will see high growth in 2024 on the whole, North America and Asia-Pacific remain the regions with the highest defence spending this year at $914 billion and $597 billion, respectively. In the US, experts anticipate defence spending of $895 billion in 2024, after $910 billion the year before. China is expected to increase its spending to $276 billion this year, after spending $263 billion last year. The experts from IHS Jane’s see continuing growth potential in the years ahead. They expect global spending of $2,448 billion in 2025. By 2028, global defence spending is expected to grow to $2,575 billion. For the US, IHS Jane’s expects spending of $893 billion in 2025. In Germany, the experts foresee spending of $81 billion next year. RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 111 Letter to shareholders Combined management report Report on expected developments Economic outlook Consolidated financial statement Further information Defence budgets of selected countries in $ billion Source: Jane’s Defence Budgets (JDB), December 11, 2023 Modernizing the armed forces – Rheinmetall is ready to meet current and future needs More than ever, Rheinmetall is a sought-after supplier of cutting-edge defence technology to the German armed forces, as well as the armed forces of many of Germany’s partner nations. In its military business, Rheinmetall still expects to receive stable orders in 2024, partly from the defence budget for the German armed forces. Framework agreements for 155mm artillery ammunition and 120mm tank ammunition, for example, have been expanded and extended for the years ahead. Tank ammunition for Ukraine is also part of the order package. Moreover, Rheinmetall considers itself well positioned for orders in connection with the procurement of tactical and logistic vehicles and for orders from the Air Defence sector. As Germany’s largest defence technology group, Rheinmetall anticipates a continued surge in overall demand in 2024 from the existing backlog and modernization requirements of the German armed forces and from the international environment due to an increased need for security. Global passenger car production expected to weaken The automotive industry is under pressure: In the midst of a period of weak macroeconomic conditions, high interest rates, and acute political risks in key sales markets, the industry must now make a timely switch to electromobility, reorganize production processes accordingly, diversify sales markets, and continue to drive digitalization. Due to these stress factors, IHS Markit analysts expect global production of passenger cars and light-duty commercial vehicles up to 6.0 t to decrease slightly to 89.4 million units in 2024. This puts production volume 0.4% below the comparable figure for 2023, in which roughly 89.8 million vehicles left the assembly line. In terms of automotive production, IHS Markit forecasts growth of 0.5% for the USMCA region in 2024, with growth of 3.9% in the US and a slight decrease by 0.2% for production in Mexico. A dramatic decrease of 19.9% is expected for Canada. IHS also expects lower production in Western Europe, where their experts project a 2.3% decline in production in 2024. Germany, however, is expected to see growth of 3.6%. Stagnant development is expected in France, while a decrease by 3.6% is projected for Spain. According to IHS Markit’s forecast, the United Kingdom will see a considerable decrease of 10.7%, and production in Italy will decrease by 8.9%. In Central and Eastern Europe, production volumes are expected to decline by 1.9%. 112 RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Letter to shareholders Combined management report Report on expected developments Economic outlook Consolidated financial statement Further information In Asia, IHS Markit expects a minor decrease in production volume by 0.3% in 2024. The forecast projects virtually stagnant growth for China, while production in Japan is expected to decrease by 3.1%. For the Indian automotive market, low growth of 3.6% is projected for 2024. Production of passenger cars and light-duty commercial vehicles up to 6.0 t in selected countries in million units Source: IHS Markit, January 5, 2024 Growth opportunities in the truck market – electric drives likely to gain in importance Industrial growth in emerging markets and rising transportation needs as a result of increasing e-commerce trade may lead to an increase in commercial vehicle production in the coming years. The shift toward electric vehicles is also expected to lead to growth opportunities for the commercial vehicle market. The introduction of strict emissions regulations is also likely to serve as an incentive for automotive manufacturers to switch to alternative drive systems in the commercial vehicle segment as well. Pressure to reduce pollution and greenhouse gas emissions caused by burning diesel fuel will likely be stepped up worldwide. This is also expected to lead to increased investment in the development of electric trucks. Transformation of the automotive industry – Rheinmetall well-positioned with products for electromobility Progress towards electromobility is expected to advance in 2024, at least in terms of the overall trend. The regulatory requirements of policymakers regarding stricter CO2 limits are already prompting automotive manufacturers to expand their share of electric vehicles in production. Despite the macroeconomic uncertainties, Rheinmetall is confident that it will be able to participate in the market opportunities arising from the increasing electrification of drive systems in 2024. With its innovative systems and components for electromobility, Rheinmetall is extremely well positioned for this. At the same time, Rheinmetall continues to contribute to the optimization of the combustion engine. Rheinmetall also expects orders on a noteworthy scale, especially in the area of fuel cell technology, which will have a role to play in the medium term, particularly for commercial vehicles. RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 113 Letter to shareholders Combined management report Report on expected developments Rheinmetall Group expectations Consolidated financial statement Further information Rheinmetall Group expectations Sought-after system partner for state-of-the-art defence technology – increasing growth momentum In the area of security and defence, Rheinmetall is an important system partner in matters of modern defence technology for the German armed forces and for the armed forces of a large number of Germany’s partner countries. This is demonstrated by numerous sales successes in recent years, which have boosted Rheinmetall’s annual order intake and order backlog to a new quantity level and form the foundation for sales growth over the next few years. Due to the announcements by many countries that they will be increasing their defence budgets in the wake of the war in Eastern Europe and geopolitical uncertainties in other parts of the world, and against the backdrop of the German government’s declared intention to make more funds available for German armed forces equipment projects in the future, growth momentum will increase noticeably. With its international network of locations for munition and vehicle plants, Rheinmetall has sufficient production capacity to react to additional orders in a flexible fashion. In addition to the German armed forces, which will remain Rheinmetall’s most important individual customer in the years ahead in the wake of the announcement of the considerable increase in German defence spending, we have also established ourselves as a preferred partner of local armed forces in additional “home markets” as part of our internationalization strategy. To secure its core business in the field of weapons, ammunition, and propulsion systems in a sustainable manner, Rheinmetall concluded a significant acquisition in 2023: On August 1, 2023, the company acquired the Spanish company Expal Systems S.A.U., a globally renowned munitions manufacturer. Given the dynamic market situation driven by the further increase in demand for military equipment in many countries, Rheinmetall is securing the fastest possible access to significant additional capacity in the ammunition business. In this way, Rheinmetall is optimally positioning itself for further new tenders for ammunition procurement in view of the foreseeably high demand. In cooperation with its US partners Northrop Grumman and Lockheed Martin, Rheinmetall has begun construction of a state-of-the-art factory for the center fuselages of F-35 Lightning II fighter planes. The symbolic groundbreaking at the airport in Weeze took place on August 1, 2023. The F-35 Lightning II is the most advanced fighter jet in the world at present. It will also be procured by the German Air Force. Over 400 highly qualified new employees will operate a cutting-edge assembly line at this site. The facility will also comprise logistical and warehouse areas, research and testing centers, training facilities, and quality control. At least 400 F-35 center fuselages are to be produced at the new plant for the German Air Force and allied governments. In this context, Rheinmetall can contribute its experience both as an integrated technology group in the production of complex components and as a certified aeronautical company. Production is slated to begin in 2025. Rheinmetall has also achieved success in another key project for the US armed forces. As part of the “Team Lynx” industrial team, American Rheinmetall Vehicles has received the order for phases 3 and 4 of the US Army’s XM30 program. The Lynx OMFV is a cutting-edge infantry fighting vehicle featuring superior protection, high penetrative power, outstanding mobility, and an open system architecture. The total contract value for phases 3 and 4 is in excess of $700 million. In addition, American Rheinmetall Vehicles and GM Defense LLC have been awarded the contract for the first phase of the US Army's Common Tactical Truck (CTT) program. The goal of this multi-stage program is to replace the US Army’s heavy tactical truck family through the production of up to 40,000 vehicles worth as much as $14 billion. Rheinmetall also officially opened its new factory in Zalaegerszeg, Hungary, in August 2023. The new factory is a significant milestone for Rheinmetall and underscores the company’s commitment to the Hungarian market. The Lynx infantry fighting vehicle, one of the most advanced infantry fighting vehicles in the world, will be manufactured at the cutting-edge production site in the future. The contractual agreement encompasses 209 Lynx KF41 vehicles in 7 variants, 18 support vehicles including the Bergepanzer 3 Büffel armored recovery vehicle, and 38 military trucks. The contract also includes further services such as simulators, training, and education, as well as an initial supply of replacement parts and maintenance services. Replacement parts and maintenance measures will be necessary over the decades-long useful life expected for the Lynx in order to keep vehicles operationally ready. 114 RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Letter to shareholders Combined management report Report on expected developments Rheinmetall Group expectations Consolidated financial statement Further information Rheinmetall also welcomed the German-Australian declaration of cooperation for the planned manufacture of Boxer combat vehicles for the German “schwerer Waffenträger Infanterie” (infantry heavy weapon carrier) project in Australia. This project is serving to deepen the close cooperation and defensive partnership between the two nations in the context of ground defence. The “schwerer Waffenträger Infanterie”(sWaTrInf) is based on the Boxer CRV, An 8x8 combat vehicle with a proven track record and equipped with a wheeled armored scout vehicle mission module, including the “Lance” two-person turret. The Rheinmetall MK30-2 ABM automatic cannon, which is also built into Germany's Puma infantry fighting vehicle, serves as the primary weapon. The German armed forces prospectively intend to procure 100 Boxer sWaTrInf vehicles as a replacement for the Wiesel tracked vehicle as direct tactical fire support for their infantry units. Deliveries are expected to begin in 2025. We have also received other important orders over the past fiscal year which underscore our growth opportunities in the area of security and defence technology and are of particular strategic importance to Rheinmetall. The German armed forces have expanded an existing framework agreement with Rheinmetall to deliver tank ammunition, for example. This order underscores Rheinmetall’s role as a major supplier of the German armed forces in the area of 120mm tank ammunition, and also serves as a symbol of the armed forces’ efforts to close gaps in inventories and to increase munitions stockpiles overall in light of the security policy situation. The framework agreement also provides for the delivery of a significant quantity of tank ammunition for the Ukrainian armed forces. Rheinmetall has also received a new framework agreement from the German armed forces to deliver 155mm artillery ammunition, and an existing framework agreement has been expanded. In total, the delivery of several hundred thousand shells of various types, including fuses and propelling charges, is intended. The new framework agreement will remain in effect into 2029 and encompass a potential gross order volume of roughly €1.2 billion. Rheinmetall focuses on growth opportunities outside the traditional combustion market With its products and innovations, Rheinmetall is well positioned both for the further optimization of the combustion engine and also for alternative drive forms and electromobility and is a recognized development partner for the international automobile manufacturers. Rheinmetall is recording a steadily rising share of new business booked for components relating to new vehicle models with hybrid or purely electrical drives. But in the last fiscal year considerable new orders were also posted in the area of fuel cell technology, which will have a role to play in the medium term, particularly for commercial vehicles. In addition, at its Neuss site Rheinmetall is establishing a high-performance technology and industrialization center for mobile, and also for stationary, hydrogen technology applications. Alongside the secure production and distribution of hydrogen and data security for the hydrogen infrastructure, the focus will be on fuel cell systems. In Neuss it is planned to in the future advance in-house product-related research, development and industrialization of hydrogen technology. RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 115 Letter to shareholders Combined management report Report on expected developments Executive Board statement on expected development in fiscal 2024 Consolidated financial statement Further information Executive Board statement on expected development in fiscal 2024 Of Rheinmetall’s operating units, Vehicle Systems, Electronic Solutions and Weapon and Ammunition operate predominantly in the markets for security and defence products, while Sensors and Actuators and Materials and Trade supply international automotive manufacturers and increasingly also industrial applications with essential parts from their current product portfolio. Since the beginning of 2021, Pistons, which combines small- and largebore piston business, has been continued as a non-core business and has been recognized as a discontinued operation since the beginning of May 2021. At the beginning of 2023, Rheinmetall transferred its activities in the area of large-bore piston production to the Swedish group Koncentra Verkstads AB (KVAB), Gothenburg, as planned. Rheinmetall had announced the sale, which took place in the course of a strategic reorientation of the Düsseldorf-based technology group, in October 2022. Following assessment and approval by the relevant authorities, the closing of the transaction was carried out with retroactive effect as of January 1, 2023. At the end of 2023, Rheinmetall completed another important step of the strategic reorientation and spun off its activities in the area of small-bore piston production. Rheinmetall and Comitans Capital AG signed a sale and purchase agreement for the entire small-bore piston business area. In doing so, Rheinmetall took another step towards its strategic objective – as far as civilian activities are concerned – of focusing on new areas of technology and alternative drive systems in the future. The purchase agreement encompasses Rheinmetall’s small-bore piston business area and all relevant production sites. A total of roughly 3,650 employees work at the plants in Neckarsulm (Germany), Marinette (USA), Celaya (Mexico), Nova Odessa (Brazil), Trmice (Czech Republic), Hiroshima (Japan), and two locations of Chinese joint venture KSHP in Shanghai and Chongqing. Business operations and production are intended to continue at all locations. The parties are aiming to close the transaction, which is still subject to approval by the relevant authorities, as of March 31, 2024. Macroeconomic uncertainty continues to shape the development of general economic conditions As of the beginning of fiscal 2024, numerous risk factors and thus a relatively high degree of unpredictability apply in regard to the economic situation at the national and international levels. Geopolitical risks in particular have recently increased to a significant extent. In addition to Russia's ongoing war of aggression, other factors including the terror attacks on Israel by Hamas are resulting in a high potential for conflict in the Middle East. The development of the Chinese economy also continues to pose a significant downside risk to the global economy. Due to this general situation and the resulting potential risks for business performance, Rheinmetall is also facing forecast uncertainty regarding sales and earnings performance in fiscal 2024. General conditions for security technology remain positive; recovery of automotive markets is slowing We still consider the general conditions for our defence activities to be highly stable and positive. In the light of actual or potential conflicts, the modernization or replacement of military equipment is still ranked as a priority in many of the countries we supply. In view of the ongoing military conflict in the Ukraine and potential conflicts in other parts of the world, investments in national security are becoming more important in many places. This is reflected particularly in the increased, and in some countries, further increasing defence spending. Our expectations of a continued growth trajectory in business with products for military and civilian security services are based on this and on the historically high order backlog in the defence technology units. In contrast, the automotive markets that Rheinmetall supplies continue to face comparatively high volatility risks. In line with expert forecasts, we currently expect international automotive production to see stagnant development at best in 2024. Rheinmetall Group forecast 2024: Sales growth with rising margins Based on the current market outlooks, we anticipate significant growth in sales and anticipate a rising operating margin combined with an improved operating result in fiscal 2024. The Rheinmetall Group’s annual sales are expected to rise to a level of around €10 billion in fiscal 2024 (sales in fiscal 2023: €7.2 billion). Based on this sales forecast and taking into account holding costs, Rheinmetall is expecting to see an improvement in the Group operating result and the Group operating margin of around 14%15% (margin in fiscal 2023: 12.8%). 116 RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Letter to shareholders Combined management report Report on expected developments Executive Board statement on expected development in fiscal 2024 Consolidated financial statement Further information Development of segments in fiscal 2024 For the Vehicle Systems segment, we anticipate a considerable increase in sales of between 45% and 50% in fiscal 2024, supported in particular by the continued production of the Lynx infantry fighting vehicle for the Hungarian customer and by further deliveries of swap body systems for various customers as well as ring exchanges (segment sales in 2023: €2,609 million). The operating margin is expected to range from 12% to 13% (segment margin in 2023: 12.4%). Based on the very good order situation and rising sales in the core business (ammunition), we anticipate considerable sales growth of between 55% and 65% in the Weapon and Ammunition segment in fiscal 2024 (segment sales in 2023: €1,756 million). The operating margin is expected to range from 25% to 26% (segment margin in 2023: 23.0%). For the Electronic Solutions segment, we anticipate significant sales growth of 30% to 35% in 2024, underpinned by deliveries for the large systems projects in the Vehicle Systems segment and business for our air defence systems and associated follow-up deliveries of components with international customers (segment sales in 2023: €1,318 million). The operating margin is expected to range from 12% to 13% (segment margin in 2023: 11.4%). For the new Power Systems segment, which will exist from January 1, 2024 and which combines the former Sensors and Actuators (S+A) and Materials and Trade (M+T) divisions, we expect sales growth of around 5% in the current fiscal year based on the forecast development in international light vehicle and truck production in 2024 and the continued growth of the aftermarket business (pro forma segment sales in 2023: €2,059 million). The operating margin is expected be around 7% (pro forma segment margin in 2023: 6.8%). Development of other Group key figures and key performance indicators in fiscal 2024 In terms of operating free cash flow (OFCF) from continuing operations, we expect to achieve a target corridor of around 40% of the operating result in fiscal 2024. This new Group key figure is defined as the cash conversion rate (CCR) and replaces the previous definition of OFCF as a ratio to sales (OFCF in fiscal 2023: €356 million or 38.8% of the operating result). Positive net income of €250 million to €300 million is expected for the management holding company Rheinmetall AG in fiscal 2024 (net income in 2023: €393 million). Rheinmetall Group – forecast business performance in 2024 2024 2023 Sales Group € million sales growth to around €10 bn 7,176 Vehicle Systems € million sales growth 45% to 40% 2,609 Weapon and Amunition € million sales growth 55% to 65% 1,756 Electronic Solutions € million sales growth 30% to 35% 1,318 sales growth to around 5% 2,059 Power Systems1 Operating result margin Group % operating result margin 14% to 15% 12.8 Vehicle Systems % operating result margin 12% to 13% 12.4 Weapon and Amunition % operating result margin 25% to 26% 23.0 Electronic Solutions % operating result margin 12% to 13% 11.4 operating result margin around 7% 6.8 cash conversion rate around 40% 38.8 Power Systems1 OFCF (in relation to operating result) Group % 1 Pro forma: New Power Systems segment from 1 January 2024, in which the former Sensors and Actuators (S+A) and Materials and Trade (M+T) divisions were combined. RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 117 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Further information Non-financial aspects of business activities Our world is changing rapidly in every respect – technologically, economically, politically and culturally. We lead lives that are more global, more connected, more digital than ever before and are constantly faced with new challenges that have to be overcome. We have consistently demonstrated our responsibility toward our employees and products and toward the environment and society for over 130 years. Founded in 1889, our technology company – rooted regionally and globally positioned – with its companies is integrated into the general political, regulatory, economic, ecological and social conditions of various countries and geographical regions. The Rheinmetall Group’s business model is described in detail under »Basic information on the Rheinmetall Group. We are committed to fair competition and to lawful business conduct that not only shows integrity but is also social and ethical. Sustainable management has always been an integral component of our business and production processes and helps to secure the long-term future of our company. In addition to continuity, economic growth and compliance with the fundamental principles of good corporate governance, the careful use of natural resources is part of our self-image – to the benefit of our shareholders, our employees, for our locations and for the society in which we have a fixed place as corporate citizen. Globally, European and German understanding on key areas, topics and aspects in the Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) categories may not be equally assessed, weighted and prioritized. Even so, over the past few years – at the United Nation’s behest and in line with the objectives of the European Union – many countries, including Germany, have expanded their requirements for companies to take responsibility for upholding recognized human rights, labor, social, environmental and anti-corruption standards, both within and outside the bounds of the company. This relates to the impact of business activities on sustainable development in the world encompassing the entire value-added chain. But customers, shareholders, investors, non-governmental organizations and – not least – the company’s own employees are also interested in getting a full picture of the company, its global business activities and their impact on people, the climate, and the environment. Inquiries from all sections of society are thereby increasing, as are expectations for transparency, scope, level of detail, informative value and comparability of company data on the very complex issue of sustainability. Governance This non-financial statement of the Group, which includes all continuing and discontinued business activities, was prepared in line with the requirements of Sections 315b, 315c in conjunction with Sections 289c to 289e HGB. Pursuant to section 315b(1) sentence 3 HGB, reference is made to the non-financial disclosures included in another part of the Group management report for more detailed information on individual aspects. We use the standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) as a reporting basis when preparing the non-financial statement. In this way we want to ensure transparency and comparability. The fiscal year is the reporting period for the non-financial statement of the Group, and there is an annual reporting cycle. Sustainability organization At Rheinmetall the responsibility for sustainability lies with the Executive Board as a whole. The central area Corporate Social Responsibility reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). In consultation with the responsible central department managed by the Head of Corporate Social Responsibility, the Executive Board sets the strategic framework for sustainability activities. In cooperation with the divisional and local sustainability officers and the Executive Board, the Corporate Social Responsibility department bundles and coordinates the respective ESG requirements. From this, it develops the sustainability strategy aligned to the Group strategy and derives the resulting fields of action, measures, targets and indicators. In addition to the members of the Executive Board, the Corporate Sustainability Board includes the divisional heads, the Head of Corporate Social Responsibility, the heads of Controlling, Compliance, Strategy, Purchasing, Human Resources, Corporate Communications, the Head of Investor Relations and the two Chief Technology Officers. The Corporate Sustainability Board deals with current regulatory developments and trends in the ESG area, as well as with the challenges they pose for Rheinmetall. The members of the board help to ensure that the 118 RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Governance Further information interests of our stakeholders are given special consideration. At the two meetings in April 2023 and October 2023, the heads of the divisions presented the measures implemented and progress made in the area of ESG during the year and provided an outlook on the activities planned for 2024. Furthermore, since May 2023, the heads of the divisions have reported on current developments, planned activities in the environmental area and progress in the implementation of measures at the extended Executive Board meeting. Sustainability also includes a material strategic component. As an interdisciplinary and cross-division topic, ESG is a fixed element of the activity of the Supervisory Board. For example, the members of the Supervisory Board deal with current ESG developments, their significance for the corporation and its stakeholders and the resulting current and future effects, risks and opportunities. The Audit Committee handles not only risk management, but also the scope and granularity of current and future regulatory requirements for sustainability reporting and their implementation, as well as the structures, processes and internal controls implemented in collecting the data required for reporting. The Strategy, Technology and ESG Committee deals with the strategic further development of sustainability and its enshrinement in the overall strategy of the company. It obtains information on the associated ESG fields of action, measures and initiatives, as well as on the progress made, and monitors the inclusion of sustainability aspects in the business model. The Supervisory Board’s Personnel and Remuneration Committee deals with the implementation of ESG objectives in internal performance indicators and their consideration in remuneration systems. As part of the Executive Board’s remuneration, it defines the ESG criteria, their target values and target achievement ranges on an annual basis and assesses the respective degree of achievement of the non-financial targets. Sustainability management Ongoing further development aligned to the changing requirements of our time is the basis for sustainability activities at Rheinmetall. In cooperation with the ESG experts in the divisions, business units and national companies, the central CSR department works to continuously improve the Group’s sustainability performance. Various principles and international guidelines form the basis for our sustainability management:  Corporate philosophy with vision and mission based on the values of respect, trust and openness;  Code of Conduct for all employees with binding regulations which include topics such as human rights, anti-corruption, compliance, adherence to competition and anti-trust legislation;  Principles of social responsibility (international framework agreement with reference to global standards such as those of the International Labour Organization – ILO);  Position paper on transformation and internationalization in the Rheinmetall Group;  Supplier Code of Conduct;  Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact on human rights, working standards, environmental protection and anti-corruption;  The United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals;  Charta der Vielfalt e.V. – a corporate initiative to promote diversity in companies and institutions;  Six minimum standards on human rights: no forced labor, no child labor, freedom of assembly, occupational safety, no discrimination and fair remuneration;  Policy statement on the human rights strategy in accordance with Section 6(2) of the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act. Furthermore – alongside key performance indicators – non-financial aspects from the environmental and social areas are also included in target agreements with the members of the Executive Board. These define targets for variable remuneration components relevant to ESG, including areas such as energy efficiency, reduction of CO 2 emissions or health and safety at work. For senior and middle management, the achievement of environmental and social targets will now be taken into account at 20% in the short-term and long-term incentive from fiscal 2024. RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 119 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Governance Further information Reporting In the context of its reporting on non-financial and sustainability-related performance, Rheinmetall aligns itself to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standard, as mentioned above. From the 2024 fiscal year, reporting will be included in accordance with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), which incorporates aspects of international frameworks such as the GRI, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the CDP. In addition to the legal requirements, we publish the ESG Factbook reporting annually. On more than 130 pages, we provide information in the Performance, People, Planet and Governance categories on topics defined as material and present our economic, social and ecological performance over a period of three years. In addition, the Factbook includes the GRI Content Index. An additional index refers to the covered reporting requirements of the SASB in the sectors relevant to our business model. In accordance with the UN Global Compact, a worldwide pact between the United Nations and companies for the social and ecological shaping of globalization, we published our annual progress report, the Communication on Progress (CoP), in June 2023. With this report we show transparently what progress the company has made in the area of corporate responsibility over a year. We are continuously developing our indicator system in accordance with internationally recognized standards and frameworks on the basis of internal and external requirements so that, in addition to internal management, our external reporting can be aligned even more specifically to the demands and reporting requirements of groups such as investors and to make our sustainability performance – as well as the challenges and opportunities of long-term company development – more transparent. Materiality analysis In view of the emerging new strong trends in the area of sustainability and the soon-to-be-introduced extensions and new requirements in sustainability reporting, we again carried out a materiality analysis in the 2022 fiscal year, involving both internal and external stakeholders. The result of the materiality analysis reflects the economic, environmental and social sustainability issues that are significant for our company. The focus of our reporting is on the topics classified as very material and material. For some other aspects, our voluntary reporting in this nonfinancial statement ensures that the justified interest and information needs of various stakeholders are taken into account by providing information on the Rheinmetall Group’s approach. Results of the materiality analysis Very material Financial stability and profitable growth Material Sustainable innovations and products Quite material Sustainability and transparency in the supply chain Immaterial Corporate volunteering Integrity and compliance Adaptation to climate change Donations and sponsorship Respect for human rights Avoiding pollution Diversity, inclusion and equal opportunities Water management Attractiveness as an employer Fair employment conditions Circular economy Dialog with social partners Product safety Employee retention and development Waste management Sustainable construction Corporate safety Occupational health and safety Social commitment Biodiversity Stakeholder relations Corporate governance Resource conservation Regarding the double materiality analysis to be carried out in 2024 as part of the CSRD with inside-out and outsidein considerations in accordance with the overarching European Sustainability Reporting Standards 1 and 2, we have refrained from updating the material ESG aspects identified in the previous year. Following a review of the 120 RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Governance Further information existing materiality analysis to ensure that it is up to date, it is still valid for the 2023 reporting year. In the past fiscal year, an initial double materiality analysis was carried out in accordance with CSRD, which will be updated in the coming year, taking into account the support documents provided by EFRAG and other factors, and will form the basis for our reporting in future. Integration of stakeholder groups We want to live up to our social responsibility, take advantage of growth opportunities and successively anchor ecological and social aspects even more firmly in our business activities. The Group’s focus on sustainability, which is particularly evident in the further development of our product portfolio, allows us to contribute to managing the transformation of the economy as well as mitigating – where possible – the consequences of climate change within the scope of our abilities. Sustainability management at Rheinmetall also takes account of the precautionary principle. Any possible adverse impact on humans and the environment as a result of the Group's business activities should be considered at an early stage and be excluded or reduced as far as possible. If we know the interests, positions, attitudes, opinions and concerns of our key stakeholders, we can focus our commercial decisions more effectively in line with their expectations. We have a very prominent presence in our markets and enjoy continual and lively dialogue with various stakeholders, which include customers and business partners, private shareholders and institutional investors, employees, suppliers, representatives of the media, representatives of the worlds of science and research, society, politicians and authorities as well as representatives from associations and organizations. This allows us to establish and develop important relationships as well as to receive inspiration and specific proposals at an early stage, also for our sustainability strategy and activities. For the exchange with our customers, we use a wide range of formats, such as personal meetings and participation in international trade shows. For Rheinmetall direct contact with capital market participants is extremely important. The Executive Board and Investor Relations team are engages in continuous dialog with investors and analysts and participate in investor conferences and road shows in Europe and the US. In addition, there were numerous telephone calls with investors, analysts and private investors. Properly registered shareholders were able to put their questions on the topic of ESG to the Executive Board at the Annual General Meeting held virtually on May 9, 2023. Satisfied and motivated employees are an important success factor for our company. Employee commitment and satisfaction have been measured at regular intervals since 2022. Employees can use a link or QR code to take part anonymously in the Group-wide online Pulse survey and share their opinions on topics that are important to the Group. In addition to emerging trends and changes, the need for action can also be quickly identified and, if necessary, targeted measures can be determined. The anonymous results of the survey are made available to employees and managers in the form of dashboards shortly after the survey is completed. A total of 14,848 employees took part in the last Pulse survey in November 2023 (previous year: 14,584). More than ever the world is subject to dynamic change. Today responsible and effective representation of interests means that with their expert knowledge and publication of positions companies are involved on a constructive and transparent basis in discussions in society and in the political and economic arenas. They can use their expertise for developing general conditions and viable solutions which promote sustainable business and secure the good of today’s and future generations. Our lobby work is determined by factual information and is characterized by integrity, fairness and transparency. Rheinmetall participates actively in various associations and organizations to represent its interests in a wide range of ways. Political exchange also takes place in the context of the normal industry and sector association activities. In addition, we have representative offices in Berlin and Koblenz. Furthermore, we have a commitment at European level in Brussels. RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 121 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Technology and innovation Further information ESG rating Many of our customers in the civilian sector assess our sustainable management measures and results Rheinmetall AG achieved 52 out of 100 points in the first EcoVadis rating – classified in the “Manufacturer of weapons and ammunition” sector – confirming a place among the top 50%. Furthermore, in a first step, the management companies of the divisions will successively undergo the rating process on the EcoVadis platform. EcoVadis analyzes the sustainability performance of companies in the areas of environment, labor and human rights, ethics and sustainable procurement. In addition to customer ratings, internationally recognized ESG ratings and ESG rankings document our commitment to sustainability in the areas of the environment, social issues and corporate governance. These results are used as a decision-making tool, for example by institutional investors. Rating MSCI ESG Score AA Ranking Industry/sector Industrial Conglomerates ISS ESG C S&P Global 39 Sustainalytics 26.7 | Medium risk 13th place out of 101 rated companies Aerospace and Defence VigeoEiris 42 | Sector average 19 rated companies Aerospace Europe Moody’s London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG; formerly Refinitiv) esgbook Neutral-to-low DVFA EcoVadis Aerospace & Defence Industrial Conglomerates Aerospace and Defence 85 4th place out of 129 rated companies Aerospace & Defence 60.66 Sector percentile 83.54% Aerospace & Defence 72.51% 32nd place in the DAX 52 52nd percentile Weapons and Ammunition We provide information on relevant risks in the »Risks and opportunities section. Technology and innovation Our corporate responsibility is apparent in our products. Innovative strength and technological competence are key measures of competitiveness in the rapidly changing world of business. Tradition and innovation – the Rheinmetall technology group can draw on more than 130 years of specialist knowledge, system expertise and industry experience in the civilian and military business sectors. Our consistent focus on technology is a prerequisite for not only picking up on the developments of our time, but also for actively helping to shape technological change and, as a result, achieving long-term business success in a diverse range of technologically demanding markets. Details are provided in the “Research and development” section. We provide information on relevant risks in the »Risks and opportunities section. Environmental protection and conservation Management approach Business activities and, in particular, production processes are associated with the consumption of natural resources. From our perspective, environmental protection and conservation play a major role in ensuring we have a sustainable future that is worth living. The careful use of natural resources is part of how the Rheinmetall Group views itself. Using raw materials and energy economically and avoiding environmental damage in business and production processes are also among the key foundations on which the Group companies’ business activities are based, as is dealing with residual materials and emissions responsibly. It is of key importance here that environmental protection – in keeping with a holistic approach – is considered an integral part of our management system in the Rheinmetall companies. Environmental management We make every effort to further minimize our environmental impact with the best economically viable technology. The careful use of natural resources is supported through the use of modern technology and contemporary process 122 RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Environmental protection and conservation Further information technologies, which help to reduce emissions and the use of water, among other things. Handling materials, energy, water and waste in a considered manner not only protects the environment, but also reduces costs at the same time. We continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently. Safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resource-conserving and low-emission production processes as far as possible. Countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality (ISO 9001, IATF 16949 and AQAP 2110/2210), environmental protection (ISO 14001) and energy management systems (ISO 50001) are observed and processes are certified accordingly. Regular audits ensure transparency in terms of the status quo and provide objective confirmation of high quality standards. Energy management We need a sufficient energy supply, which is associated with corresponding CO2 emissions, to manufacture our products and operate our buildings and infrastructure. The reduction of energy-related payments is therefore a key component of corporate policy in the Rheinmetall Group. It is a material objective for us to reduce energy consumption and increase energy efficiency through stringent processes in day-to-day operations within the context of that which is technically feasible and economic circumstances. Our responsibility in dealing with energy resources requires the achievement and review of specific targets for energy savings and improvements in energy efficiency, where it is technically and organizationally feasible and where it makes economic sense, in addition to the systematic determination, analysis and measurement of the energy aspects of significance for our business models. We select our energy resources based on supply reliability, economic efficiency and environmental considerations, and use a mix of non-renewable and renewable energies during our everyday business. In July 2023, the newly established Strategic Energy Procurement department commenced its activities. Its aim is to develop the foundations for uniform, economical, safe and sustainable energy procurement within the Rheinmetall Group. By creating its own energy supply from renewable sources and procuring energy from solar and wind power plants, the new unit will make an important contribution towards the Group’s carbon neutrality. Climate change The great tasks of today include containing climate change as far as possible and achieving an alignment to its consequences and impact. As a company with a sense of responsibility and with a global value added chain, Rheinmetall attaches great significance to this global challenge. The core of the matter is avoidance, reduction, substitution and compensation of the CO2 emissions produced by the Rheinmetall Group in Scopes 1, 2 and 3. Rheinmetall’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 targets are based on the Paris Climate Agreement. For the year under review, we prepared a carbon footprint in accordance with the internationally recognized Greenhouse Gas Protocol for the second time. It distinguishes between three categories of emissions. At our locations, direct emissions into the air (Scope 1) arise from the combustion of fossil energy sources, particularly natural gas. Indirect emissions (Scope 2) cover all emissions that are associated with purchased energy, such as electricity. Scope 3 emissions are indirect emissions that occur in the value-added chain. In the eight upstream and seven downstream categories, these relate to the procurement of goods and services, manufacturing of products, production processes, and transport and logistics. Rheinmetall Group’s carbon footprint 2023 2022 Total emissions (location-based) 341,763 321,004 Total emissions (market-based) 290,170 336,910 Scope 1 | Direct greenhouse gas emissions 143,387 115,583 Scope 2 | Indirect greenhouse gas emissions (location-based) 198,377 205,421 Scope 2 | Indirect greenhouse gas emissions (market-based) 146,784 221,327 8,821,480 - tCO2e Scope 3 | Indirect greenhouse gas emissions When recording the values for the 2023 fiscal year, 109 subsidiaries were taken into account in accordance with the operational control approach. The change compared to the previous year (previous year: 115) is due to changes RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 123 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Environmental protection and conservation Further information in the composition of the Group. Around 90% of carbon emissions at the Rheinmetall Group can be attributed to the top 20 companies alone. CO2e for fiscal 2023 was calculated using the location-based and market-based method. Scope 1 emissions for 2023 have been calculated using emission factors from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change database. Scope 2 (location-based) emissions were calculated using emission factors from the International Energy Agency. Scope 2 (market-based) emissions were calculated based on availability using emission factors from energy suppliers at the location level. When this data is not available, the databases of the Association of Issuing Bodies, the International Energy Agency and the United States Environmental Protection Agency have been used. The emissions for refrigerants were calculated using the global warming potential in accordance with the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report. The data in these two tables were determined on the basis of internal processes. They come from existing management systems and are based on meter readings or invoice amounts (if available in each case) and assumption-based projections by the companies. The data are requested in the operating units, collected with care and processed. Nevertheless, errors cannot be entirely ruled out in the collection, processing or transmission. In the reporting year, a review was carried out of the original intention to join the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi). After analyzing the data, evaluating the results and conclusions and taking into account our business model, the Executive Board decided not to join SBTi, but to adopt an approach based on the SBTi methodology in order to achieve our goal of no longer generating any climate-damaging carbon emissions by 2035 for Scope 1 and 2 net. In the first phase we refer to our own emissions (Scope 1) and energy supplier emissions (Scope 2). To do this the company will invest primarily in improving the energy efficiency of its locations and production facilities and develop and expand internal power generation from renewable sources. To this end, new photovoltaic systems were installed at locations in Spain, South Africa and Australia in the past fiscal year. In the medium to long term the CO2 emissions in Scope 3 are also to be reduced. Indirect greenhouse gas emissions - Scope 3 2023 2022 Purchased goods and services t CO2e 2,214,736 - Use of sold products t CO2e 6,606,744 - Rheinmetall Group t CO2e 8,821,480 - Upstream emissions Calculations of Scope 3 emissions have been carried out for 15 categories since 2021. This data will be audited for the first time in 2023 by Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich, Düsseldorf branch. The emissions attributable to the categories “Purchased goods and services” and “Use of products sold” accounted for over 90% of total Scope 3 emissions. Therefore, only these categories will be reported in 2023. The companies are accounted for using the operational control approach. All purchased goods and services in the fiscal year were assessed separately by product and supplier group using the corresponding exiobase (expenditure-based) emission factors. Emissions in “Use of products sold” were calculated using the emission factors of the Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs and the Association of Issuing Bodies based on the German electricity mix. The lifetimes and operating times were assumed to depend on the end products. The share of emissions per Rheinmetall product was calculated as the relative share of emissions by weight of the intermediate product in relation to the total weight of the end product. In addition to assessing the risk analysis reports from an insurance company on our Defence production facilities prepared using the NatCat data platform, on the basis of extensive and detailed data from an external risk data provider a total of around 130 production sites were examined and assessed in respect to various risk types (physical risks acute/chronic with nine and ten categories respectively; transitory risks with six categories, and socio-economic risks with two categories). The results will be taken into account in business continuity management, e.g. for the development of adequate and long-term protective measures as well as for preventive measures. In fiscal 2022, scenario analyses were also carried out for around 130 production sites under the 124 RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Environmental protection and conservation Further information Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) 2.6, 4.5, 6.0 and 8.5 parameters in accordance with the Intergovernmental Panel of Climate Change (IPCC) over the historical, 2045 and 2070 periods using data sets and data modeling. The results have particularly been incorporated into the risk assessments to be made according to the EU Taxonomy Regulation criteria “Do no significant harm.” CDP The CDP is an independent, non-profit organization which states it maintains the world’s biggest database on the environmental impact of major corporations. The organization aims to establish the management of greenhouse gas emissions as a key economic success and risk factor in companies. Each year, on behalf of more than 500 institutional investors, the CDP collects information on corporate strategies to combat climate change and company-specific greenhouse emissions. In the Climate Change Questionnaire, alongside questions on the organization, targets, projects and programs, companies are surveyed in respect to information about risks and opportunities of climate changes and measures in the area of climate protection. Rheinmetall again took part in the CDP’s demanding sustainability rating in the year under review and improved its score from “D” to “B,” which is above the industry average (score C). TCFD The four-pillar framework of the TCFD of the G20 Financial Stability Board helps companies both in integrating the opportunities and mitigating the risks of climate change into their business and in reporting on them consistently. Physical risks result from long-term changes of climatic and ecological conditions (e.g. increase in the sea level, temperature and change of climatic conditions) as well as through extreme individual weather events and their consequences. There are transition risks in connection with the move to a more economically sustainable economy with a lower carbon footprint, e.g. as a result of quickly implemented political measures on climate protection, due to technical progress or from changes in market sentiment and consumer preferences. In view of the mandatory CSRD reporting for our company from the 2024 fiscal year, which also covers the TCFD recommendations, we have decided not to include any additional voluntary reporting for the 2023 fiscal year. Waste management In all our production processes, we strive to be efficient in our use of materials. We prevent, reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way. We aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible. Production- and material-related recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site. This entails waste separation, secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes. Waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premises. The Group-wide waste volume of 60,417 tonnes in the reporting year, compared to 54,039 tonnes in the previous year, is the result of our increased business volume. Waste generation t 2023 2022 Non-hazardous waste for disposal 5,561 3,925 Non-hazardous waste for recycling (excluding scrap) 15,552 11,267 Scrap for recycling 26,658 26,840 Hazardous waste for disposal 6,411 6,601 Hazardous waste for recycling 6,235 5,406 Rheinmetall Group 60,417 54,039 Water management Global water consumption has increased six-fold over the past one hundred years. Water is therefore becoming an increasingly scarce commodity. According to the UNESCO World Water Report, the consequences of climate change, population growth and rising consumption mean that more than five billion people will suffer from water shortages by 2050 if things continue as they are. Responsible use of water is an integral part of our commitment to sustainability. RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 125 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Environmental protection and conservation Further information The availability of water as a resource is highly dependent on regional and local geographical and socio-political conditions. According to an in-depth risk analysis carried out in the previous year and updated in the past fiscal year for around 130 production sites using data sets from a specialized service provider, locations in Spain, India, China, South Africa, Mexico and Italy are exposed to a higher risk in the area of water scarcity. The risk analysis also carried out in 2023 for some of our companies in Germany, Switzerland, South Africa, India and Japan in accordance with the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas of the World Resource Institute (WRI) particularly reveals risks in the areas of seasonal water availability, groundwater shortages and drought risk. The water consumption of the Rheinmetall locations was 4,112,269 m³ in fiscal 2023 (previous year: 3,706,402 m³). Compared to the previous year, water purchases increased by around 11%. Influencing factors included a significant expansion in business activities, which resulted in higher water consumption. Water use m3 Fresh water 1 2023 2022 4,112,269 3,706,402 On the basis of new input data for individual companies the overall figure for 2021 was restated. Conservation – encouraging biodiversity Our responsibility also includes preserving the diversity of natural habitats, especially for future generations. We are convinced that industrial use does not have to conflict with active conservation. On the contrary: For over a hundred years Rheinmetall has tested some of its military products on heathland near Unterlüss, not far from Celle, in Lower Saxony. A far-reaching prohibition order for the public, no traditional agricultural use and the size of the sprawling areas make this company-owned, 55-square-kilometer site, which encompasses 3,400 hectares of forest and 800 hectares of heathland, in an otherwise relatively densely populated Germany a rather special nature reserve. Active landscaping and forestry management creates individual habitats for the unique fauna and flora. The result is an unusually rich array of flora, which in turn attracts a rare diversity of insects and birds and also provides a habitat for large wild animal populations. For biodiversity and climate protection, peatlands are very important. In September 2021, the Federal Ministry for the Environment published a National Peatland Strategy which includes voluntary rewetting measures. Wetlands and peatlands serve as the habitat for highly specialized animal and plant species whose alignment to the environment have made them rare and endangered. With their water absorption capacity, the moorlands fulfill important functions in regulating temperature and moisture. In fiscal 2022, a project analysis was carried out by an engineering firm on the company’s premises in Unterlüss to determine the basics, survey and sound the Kiehnmoor and determine the current water balance and peat thickness of the peatland. Based on this, the necessary measures were determined and a concept for possible rewetting was developed. An area of moorland in the immediate vicinity of the Kiehnmoor is also to be rewetted. In the year under review, exploratory talks were held with the owner of the Lower Saxony State Forests on possible cooperation with the aim of exploiting synergies, determining the advantages of simultaneous implementation and planning the involvement of affected neighbors. Other locations of Weapon and Ammunition in Germany and Switzerland also have extensive grounds with forests and green spaces. They therefore offer ideal conditions for continuous ecological upgrading and nature-oriented design. Following mapping and initial assessments, comprehensive concepts and action plans for the ecological optimization of the company premises were developed by specialist companies in the year under review. It is planned to successively and purposefully develop the ecological potential of the sites in terms of the flora and fauna over the next few years through ecological enhancement measures for wetland habitats, forest habitats, open land areas and by creating optimal networking opportunities for these diverse habitats. The implementation of the measures will be professionally monitored by external institutions, and the success of the measures will be documented and subjected to an independent performance review. Our South African subsidiary Rheinmetall Denel Munition is also engaged in protecting nature and species at risk of extinction at three of its four production sites. Similar to in Unterlüss, large, demarcated safety areas far from 126 RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Employees Further information residential areas enable rare animals to expand their habitats unimpeded. We develop partnerships locally to preserve these conservation areas along with their great biodiversity and rare species. We provide information on relevant risks in the »Risks and opportunities section. Employees Management approach Rheinmetall’s success depends to a great extent on the ideas, expertise, motivation and commitment of its employees. The Rheinmetall Group is faced with increasingly tough competition from other companies to gain qualified personnel. Acquiring skilled employees for the companies is therefore a key task in our HR work. In addition to performance-based remuneration and progressive benefits, we attach particular importance to having a wide spectrum of career opportunities on offer in the Rheinmetall Group companies. Further training, assuming responsibility and promotion opportunities have a high degree of relevance for the commitment and satisfaction of our employees. We offer interdisciplinary career paths, deployment opportunities to international locations, and tailored training opportunities for individual professional and personal development. A customer-focused corporate culture, based on the values of respect, trust and openness and in which the performance and commitment of each individual is appreciated, is a key requirement for being attractive as an employer. Developments on the labor markets The growing shortage of skilled personnel across all occupational groups and industries is slowing innovation, competitiveness and growth of companies. In times of weak birth cohorts, far-reaching and broad transformation of economic structures, globalization of markets and changes in the way age cohorts see themselves at work, competition for management, skilled and junior staff and experienced specialists will intensify further. Finding and retaining enough qualified and suitable employees will be one of the particular challenges of the coming years. In addition to our intensive activities in apprenticeship marketing, our existing marketing measures have been further strengthened at selected universities in the fields of engineering, electrical engineering and information technology. Personnel marketing measures have also been expanded to include additional communication channels. With a view to our key target groups of engineers, IT professionals and skilled workers, we drew attention to our company as an attractive employer by placing HR image ads in trade and quality media (digital and print). Throughout Germany, we were also increasingly represented at HR, recruiting, and trade shows aimed at the professional groups of engineers, IT professionals and soldiers. Our presence on key job portals, professional social networks, and employer review platforms has also increased. RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 2023 127 Letter to shareholders Consolidated financial statement Combined management report Non-financial aspects of business activities Employees Further information Recruiting and employer branding In an environment characterized by dynamic development, growing requirements and increasing complexity of technology, products and processes, experienced managers, qualified specialist personnel and ambitious junior staff make a big contribution to achieving the company’s goals with their knowledge, skills, experience and motivation. In addition to traditional and modern means of recruitment, Rheinmetall also relies on its own training and development of junior employees and is also in close contact with universities, colleges and research institutes. This helps us to get to know suitable science, technology and business graduates at an early stage. The new, mobile-optimized careers website offers extensive information and insights into the Rheinmetall Group as an employer. The user-friendly “Careers worldwide” section presents career information from 20 countries in Europe, North and South America, Africa, Asia and Australia. Potential applicants can also read brief descriptions of the different companies and the opportunity to view existing job advertisements quickly and easily. In 2023, our global careers website was visited around 5 million times, of which around 3.7 million were content pages and around 1.3 million were job advertisements (previous year: content pages 620,000 times). The central Recruiting, Employer Branding and Diversity department is responsible for the internal and external recruiting of managers and em
