. RISK FACTORS Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that may cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or projected future performance expressed in forward-looking statements made by us. We encourage you to consider carefully the RISK FACTORS described below in evaluating the information in this Form 10-K as the outcome of one or more of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows as well as on our reputation, business, growth, future prospects, and ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. Risks Related to Our Business We are a growth stage company with limited operating history and a history of losses. We expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable future and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We have incurred net losses since our inception, including net losses of $5,432 million, $4,746 million, and $3,626 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We do not expect to be profitable for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in our business, build capacity, and ramp up operations, and there is no assurance that we will ever achieve or be able to maintain profitability in the future. Our ability to become profitable in the future will depend on the continued successful development, commercial production and adoption of our vehicles, software and services, our ability to grow and maintain strong demand and to align production with such demand, our ability to maintain, and over time improve, the average selling prices for our vehicles, software and services, and our capability to source materials cost-effectively and manufacture our vehicle portfolio efficiently. In addition, we must effectively manage all aspects of our financial operations, including our sales and revenue flows, operating expenditures, capital expenditures, working capital, and cash flows. Further, we have in the past benefited from government incentives and tax credits and the sale of regulatory credits. Many of these programs have been modified or have been phased out. These changes have affected and, any additional changes could affect, our profitability and have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, we have experienced and will continue to experience cost increases as a result of changes to existing or future tariffs and other trade barriers. If we are unable to mitigate these cost increases, or if demand for our vehicles decreases due to the higher cost, economic uncertainty or global or domestic recession, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Any failure to adequately increase revenues or contain and/or reduce costs could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability in the future, in which case our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. We expect to continue to incur significant cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures, and we may underestimate or not effectively manage the cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures associated with our business and operations. 12 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. As we have rapidly expanded the manufacture, sale, and support of our vehicles, software and services, we have required and expect to continue to require significant capital to develop and grow our business, including scaling our operations, growing our go-to-market, sales, and service operations, identifying and committing resources to consider and address new areas of demand, including new geographies, as well as building our brand and investing in our next generation technologies, products, services and manufacturing facilities and capabilities. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in sufficient increased revenues or growth in our business to offset such costs. In addition, tariffs by the United States government and the resulting environment of retaliatory tariffs and other trade barriers have increased, and will continue to increase our production costs. If we are unable to mitigate these increased production costs, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Our expenditures will continue to be significant in the foreseeable future and include costs related to our automotive segment such as production costs, including raw materials, labor, and logistics costs, research and development investments and expenses, costs associated with increasing sales, such as marketing, and advertising activities and expanding our retail customer engagement spaces ( spaces ), costs in connection with the expansion of our Normal Factory and construction of our manufacturing facility near Atlanta, Georgia ( Stanton Springs North Facility ), and costs related to our software and services segment, such as vehicle electrical architecture, software development costs, advanced driver assistance features, remarketing and vehicle repair and maintenance support expenses, and costs to expand our charging network. In addition, our level of capital requirements will also be significantly affected by customer demand for our current products and services along with anticipated demand for future products and services, and we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. As a result, our future capital requirements are subject to uncertainty and our actual capital requirements may be different from or greater than those we currently anticipate. If we are unable to efficiently manage our cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. We will require additional financings to raise capital to support our business, which may not be available in a timely manner, on terms that are acceptable, or at all. We expect that we will need to seek additional equity and/or debt financing in both the near- and long-term to finance a portion of our costs and capital expenditures. Our ability to obtain the necessary financing to carry out our business plan is subject to a number of factors. These include investor and customer acceptance of our business model, market confidence in our ability to execute against our business plans, industry wide EV adoption rates or slower growth in demand, delays, cutbacks or cancellations in EV production plans announced by other manufacturers, and general conditions in the global economy and financial markets, including volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets due to inflation, tariffs, interest rate changes, and global conflicts or other geopolitica l events and any resulting economic uncertainty or global or domestic recession. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of such financing unattractive or unavailable to us. In January 2025, the United States Department of Energy ( DOE ) agreed to arrange a multi-draw term loan facility to be provided by the Federal Financing Bank to a Rivian subsidiary under DOE s Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Program (the DOE Loan ). Our ability to receive advances under our DOE Loan is subject to certain conditions, including the achievement of certain milestones, which may not be achieved at the time that we anticipate or at all. Our existing debt has resulted in, and any additional indebtedness we incur, including under the DOE Loan would result in, increased debt service obligations and could involve additional restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters. The sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities would result in dilution for our stockholders. If we are unable to receive funds under our existing financing arrangements, raise sufficient funds or obtain funding on terms satisfactory to us, we may have to significantly reduce our spending, delay or cancel our planned activities or substantially change our corporate structure, and we may not have sufficient resources to conduct our business as planned, which would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The success of our business depends on attracting and retaining a large number of consumers and maintaining strong demand for our vehicles, software and services. If we are unable to do so, we will not be able to achieve profitability. Our success depends on attracting a large number of consumers and maintaining strong demand for our vehicles and the software and services we provide to consumers. In 2026, we are launching the R2 and there is no assurance that we will be able to meet our R2 delivery targets. Any failure to meet our delivery targets could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. To support demand generation, we are in the process of growing our capabilities, such as expanding our spaces, expanding our demonstration drives and building our sales and marketing team, technology, and infrastructure, which increases our costs. Additionally, we have limited experience in marketing, selling, and advertising, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in ramping up these capabilities on a timely 13 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. basis or to their full potential or that we will achieve the expected benefits. If, for any reason, we are not able to attract and maintain consumers, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. Demand in the automobile industry is volatile. A number of factors can impact overall demand and consumer decisions on whether to purchase our vehicles, software or services, including changes in customer preferences, competitive developments, introduction of new vehicles and technologies, general economic or geopolitical conditions, increases in interest rates, increased tariffs, economic uncertainty and global or domestic recession, changes to or rollback of government incentives, higher insurance premiums for EVs, lack of charging infrastructure, negative perceptions regarding EV demand and adoption, and any event or incident that generates negative media coverage about us or the safety or quality of EVs. We have less financial resources than more established competitors to withstand changes in the market and disruptions in demand. Reduced EV segment demand could lead to lower sales, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers, and increased inventory, which may result in further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. These effects may also have a more pronounced impact on our business given our relatively smaller scale and financial resources as compared to other established competitors. The automotive and value added software and services markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these markets. Both the automobile industry generally, and the EV segment in particular, are highly competitive, and we are competing for sales with both EV manufacturers and traditional automotive companies, including those who have or have announced consumer and commercial vehicles that may be directly competitive to ours, as well as pre-owned vehicle dealers. Many of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, or other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the design, development, manufacturing, distribution, p romotion, sale, and support of their products than we may devote to our products. Competition for EVs may intensify due to increased global sales volume, launch of new variants, discounts and incentives, continuing globalization, and consolidation in the worldwide automotive industry, as well as the significant volatility in oil and gasoline prices. Other factors affecting competition include product performance and quality, technological innovation, customer experience, brand differentiation, product design, pricing and total cost of ownership ( TCO ), and manufacturing scale and efficiency. In addition, through the creation of the Joint Venture , the electrical architecture and vertically integrated software used in our vehicles will be integrated into vehicles outside of Rivian , which could negatively impact our ability to compete. We also compete with numerous and varied competitors for our software and services, including those who have much greater financial, technical, marketing, and industry experience than we have, and who may devote greater resources to their respective products and services than we may be able to devote to our competing products and services. As fleet operators begin transitioning to EVs on a mass scale, we expect that more competitors will enter the commercial fleet EV market. In addition, the existence of our commercial relationship with Amazon, coupled with its significant holdings of our securities, and the fact that sales of Rivian Commercial Vans to certain last-mile delivery customers and certain customers in the retail industry require Amazon s consent, may deter Amazon s competitors or other third parties from contracting with us. Further, due to new entrants in the commercial fleet EV market, we may experience increased competition for components and other parts of our vehicles, which may have limited or single-source supply. The EV sector continues to experience price competition due in part to political and general economic conditions. Many of our competitors have announced changes in EV production plans and their pricing strategy, including vehicle price reductions and incentives, which may continue to result in downward price pressure. Our competitors with greater financial resources may be able to adjust their pricing strategies, with limited impact on their business, while any adjustment in pricing strategies that we undertake will have a greater impact on our business and we may not be able to competitively match their actions. If we do not adjust our pricing strategies, we may experience lower vehicle unit sales and increased inventory, reduced demand for our products and services, a loss of customers, or a loss in future market share, any of which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our future growth is dependent on the demand for, and upon customers willingness to adopt, EVs. Our future growth is dependent on the demand for, and upon customers willingness to adopt EVs, and even if EVs become more mainstream, customers choosing us over other EV manufacturers is not assured. Demand for EVs may be affected by factors directly impacting automobile prices or the cost of purchasing and operating automobiles such as sales and financing 14 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. incentives, prices of raw materials and components, cost of energy, and governmental regulations, including incentives, tariffs, import regulation, and taxes. The market for new alternative energy vehicles is still rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, competitive pricing and competitive factors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, and changing consumer demands and behaviors. Other factors that may influence the adoption of alternative fuel vehicles, and specifically EVs, include: perceptions about EV quality, safety, design, performance, value and cost and about EV safety in general, in particular safety issues that may be attributed to the use of advanced technology; range anxiety, including the decline of an EV s range resulting from deterioration over time in the battery s usable capacity, the quality, reliability, and availability of service and charging stations for EVs, and the costs and challenges of installing home charging equipment, and perceptions about the cost and availability of alternative energy, including the capacity and reliability of the electric grid; the availability of new alternative energy vehicles and competition, including from other types of alternative fuel vehicles, plug-in hybrid EVs, and high fuel-economy internal combustion engine ( ICE ) vehicles; the environmental consciousness of consumers, and the availability of tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate EVs and future regulations requiring increased use of nonpolluting vehicles; changes in the price of gasoline or other petroleum-based fuel; regulatory, legislative and political changes; and economic factors. We will also depend upon the adoption of EVs by operators of commercial vehicle fleets for future growth, and on our ability to produce, sell and service vehicles that meet their needs. The entry of commercial EVs is a relatively new development, particularly in the United States, and is characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving government regulation, industry standards, and customer views of the merits of using EVs in their businesses. This process has been slow to date. As part of our sales efforts, we must educate fleet managers as to the economical savings during the life of the vehicle and the lower TCO of our vehicles. As such, we believe that operators of commercial vehicle fleets will consider many factors when deciding whether to purchase our commercial EVs (or commercial EVs generally), including the factors set forth above, as well as corporate sustainability initiatives, government regulations, economic incentives applicable to commercial vehicles, and the availability of commercial fleet charging infrastructure. Additionally, legislative and executive actions have reversed much of the previous administration s policy directives as it relates to clean energy and EV s and there have been efforts in federal and state governments to scale back emissions regulations. These efforts face legal challenges that could delay or alter their implementation. However, these efforts have reduced or eliminated governmental incentives and subsidies for EV s, potentially chilling customer demand, impacting our future growth prospects and adversely affecting our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our long-term results depend upon our ability to successfully introduce, integrate, and market new products and services, which may expose us to new and increased challenges and risks, and any inability to do so could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models, technologies, products, software and services to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. To meet these expectations and evolving areas of market demand, we plan to introduce new EV models, variants and technologies, including our mid-sized platform, with R2 being the first variant. Furthermore, our growth strategy depends, in part, on our ability to successfully introduce and market new products and services, such as financing, insurance, vehicle repair and maintenance, charging solutions, vehicle resale, as well as software for consumers, such as Connect+ and Autonomy+, and fleet management for commercial customers. Our ability to achieve or maintain profitability will depend on our ability to fund and successfully design, manufacture, introduce, and market new vehicle models, products and services that attract a sufficient number of customers. If the production and delivery of new models, variants, or technologies are delayed or reduced, if they are not manufactured in line with cost and volume targets, or if new models, variants, technologies or our product and services do not meet customer expectations or are not well-received by the market for any reason, including due to pricing considerations, competitors product introductions, technological innovations, economic conditions, regulatory or other political 15 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. developments, including tariffs and other trade barriers, transportation infrastructure, and changes in quality, safety, reliability, and styling demands and preferences, our revenues and cash flow would be adversely affected and we may not be able to generate sales in sufficient quantities and at high enough prices to be profitable. We are also subject to the risk that the announcement of new EV models, variants, or technologies, such as R2, may have a negative impact on our revenues in the near-term if customers decide to not purchase available vehicles in anticipation of new EV models, variants or technologies, which may also create pricing pressure for our currently available vehicles and may result in additional costs to generate demand. We expect to continue to use a substantial amount of capital for research and development, vehicle repair and maintenance service, and sales and marketing. If we experience significant future growth, we may be required not only to make additional investments in our ecosystem and workforce, but also to expand our distribution infrastructure and customer support or expand our relationships with various partners and other third parties with whom we do business. There can be no assurances that any additional capital needed will be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, significant delays in the manufacture and delivery of our vehicles, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business depends in large part on our ability to develop, manufacture, obtain regulatory approval for, market, and sell vehicles of sufficient quality and appeal to customers on schedule and on a large scale. Our vehicles may not meet customer expectations and may not be commercially viable. We have experienced delays in delivery and our production ramp has taken longer than originally expected due to operational and supply chain challenges we experienced along with other related factors. In addition, from time to time, we have implemented planned shutdowns of our facility to prepare for changes in our manufacturing facility. There can be no assurance that any future planned shutdown will not result in delays or unexpected challenges or that any future planned shutdown will be successful and achieve the expected benefits. Any production disruptions, including as a result of any component shortages due to tariffs or other trade barriers, construction delays or delays in the manufacture or delivery of our vehicles could materially damage our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and could cause us to experience liquidity constraints. In conjunction with the expansion of our Normal Factory and the planned construction of our Stanton Springs North Facility and the launch of future products and services, we expect to manufacture our vehicles in increasingly higher volumes than our present production capabilities. We have limited experience as an organization in high volume manufacturing of EVs, and the Normal Factory is operating significantly below full vehicle production rate capacity, with no certainty as to when we will be successful in expanding our production capacity. Even if we are successful in developing our high-volume manufacturing capability and processes and in reliably sourcing our component supply, we cannot assure that we will be able to do so in a manner that avoids significant delays and cost overruns. The continued development of and the ability to manufacture our vehicles at scale, including the R1T, R1S, and commercial fleet vehicles, such as the EDVs, and other commercial products and our ability to develop and manufacture the R2 in the near future, are and will be subject to risks, including with respect to: our ability to expand operations at our Normal Factory and future facilities; construction of our Stanton Springs North Facility, including potential problems or delays in the construction or operationalizing of the facility; securing in a timely manner necessary raw materials, supplies, and components that meet our quality standards, including raw materials or components subject to China s or other countries export control requirements regarding certain materials, including rare earth materials; our ability to negotiate and execute definitive licenses and agreements, and maintain arrangements on reasonable terms, with our various suppliers for equipment, raw materials, hardware, software, or services necessary to engineer or manufacture components of our vehicles; ineffective or inefficient quality controls, including within our manufacturing operations, that could also drive higher-than-expected warranty or other costs; our ability to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse, and transport components at high volumes to our manufacturing facility; our ability to successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in our supply chain and components management; defects in design and/or manufacture that cause our vehicles not to perform as expected or that require repair, field actions, including product recalls, and design changes; delays, disruptions or increased costs in our supply chain, including raw material supplies; scaling our production processes to reduce the number of labor hours required to manufacture each vehicle; research and development of new models; 16 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. new technology and design introductions, which from time to time require temporary manufacturing shutdowns to implement product and technology enhancements and upgrades; obtaining required regulatory approvals and certifications; compliance with environmental, health, safety, and similar regulations; and our ability to attract, recruit, hire, retain, and train skilled employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We must continue to develop complex software and hardware in coordination with the Joint Venture and our other vendors and suppliers to reach mass production for our vehicles, and there can be no assurance such systems will be successfully developed or integrated on a timely basis or at all, or perform effectively once integrated. Our operations, vehicles and information technology ( IT ) systems use a substantial amount of complex in-house and third-party software and hardware. The continued development and integration of such advanced technologies are inherently complex and requires us to coordinate with our vendors and suppliers to reach mass production for our vehicles. As a result of the Joint Venture, we no longer develop, update, improve and maintain certain software in-house, and instead rely primarily on the services of the Joint Venture for those operations. If the Joint Venture or our other vendors or suppliers fail to provide such services to us in a timely and sufficient manner or at all, we may not be able to integrate the necessary software and hardware into our products and services, operations or IT systems. Our potential inability to develop and integrate the necessary software and hardware may materially interrupt our business and our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if the software that the Joint Venture or any of our other vendors or suppliers develop and provide to us does not conform to its specifications or otherwise contains any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects, our products and services, operations or IT systems may not function properly and our business may be exposed to liability for loss of life or injury, products liability, lost profits, loss of reputation, loss of customers, government or regulatory scrutiny or other adverse outcomes, which could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows . Defects and errors can be revealed over time and our control over the performance of the Joint Venture s services and other vendor or supplier services and systems to remedy such defects or errors may be limited. We rely on vendors and suppliers to develop a number of emerging technologies for use in our products and services, including battery technology and the use of different battery cell chemistries. Certain of these technologies and chemistries are not today, and may not ever be, commercially viable. There can be no assurances that our vendors and suppliers will be able to meet the technological requirements, production timing, and volume requirements to support our business plan. Furthermore, if we experience delays by our vendors and suppliers, we could experience delays in delivering our products and services on our timelines. In addition, the technology may not comply with the cost, performance useful life, and warranty characteristics we anticipate in our business plan. As a result, our business plan could be significantly impacted and we may incur significant liabilities under warranty claims which could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are subject to risks associated with our joint venture with Volkswagen Group , including that a significant portion of our software and services revenues has been from Volkswagen Group. If the Joint Venture does not meet its operational objectives, or we do not achieve the anticipated incremental benefits and future revenue opportunities as a result of the Joint Venture then our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In November 2024, we entered into a transaction agreement with Volkswagen AG and its affiliates ( Volkswagen Group ) to establish a new joint venture (the Joint Venture ) focusing on vehicle electrical architecture and software development services. A significant portion of our software and services rev enues has been from Volkswagen Group. Volkswagen US-Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Volkswagen International America Inc ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Volkswagen AG, beneficially owns shares of our capital stock representing 11.5% of our voting power as of December 31, 2025. There can be no assurance that the Joint Venture will meet its operational objectives, or that we will achieve incremental benefits through savings on material costs, operating expense efficiencies, and future revenue opportunities as a result of the Joint Venture . Even if we were to achieve any of the anticipated benefits of the Joint Venture , it may take us longer than expected to fully realize those benefits or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than anticipated. Further, there is no assurance that the Joint Venture will lead to the successful expansion of the market applications for our software or that such applications will 17 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. achieve market acceptance or prove to be profitable. An impact on our ability to recognize the benefits of the Joint Venture or any increased expenditure of our resources as a result of the Joint Venture may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, the Joint Venture will be our primary development partner for vehicle electrical architecture and software development services. If the Joint Venture is unable to produce software of the quality necessary to meet the demands of our vehicles, or on timelines necessary to meet such demands, our ability to sell vehicles could be impacted, which may result in our business being materially harmed. This risk may be further compounded if the electrical architecture and software developed by the Joint Venture does not operate correctly or contains errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects. See Our operations, IT systems, products and services rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and from time to time can contain errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects. If we are unsuccessful in identifying, addressing or mitigating technical limitations in our operations, IT systems, products and services, our business could be adversely affected . Volkswagen Group may have business interests, goals, priorities or concerns that are different from ours. The Joint Venture is a separate legal entity with its own management and board of directors. We and Volkswagen Group have equal representation on the board of directors of the Joint Venture , and are each entitled to appoint one co- CEO , and we therefore do not have the ability to exercise sole power with respect to all decisions made by the Joint Venture . As a result, we may face disputes and differences in views in operating the Joint Venture , which may result in reduced ability to operate, delayed decision making and failure to come to consensus. Any disagreements that we have with Volkswagen Group with respect to the operation of the Joint Venture could delay or derail our ability to implement improvements to our products and services or impede our commercial operations. Any reduced ability to operate may materially impact the Joint Venture s business, prospects and financial condition, which in turn could impact our ability to realize any anticipated benefits of the Joint Venture . Further, any prolonged disputes related to the Joint Venture s operation may require us to expend additional resources on resolving such disputes. Any exit or unwinding of the Joint Venture would be complex and would be subject to negotiation between the parties and may result in increased costs and expenditures. In connection with this partnership, Volkswagen Group made an initial equity investment in the Company of $1.0 billion, consisting of an unsecured convertible promissory note due June 2026 (the 2026 Convertible Note ) that converted into shares of our Class A common stock in December 2024 in accordance with its terms. In November 2024, we also received $1.3 billion from Volkswagen Group for intellectual property licensed to Volkswagen Group . In addition, as of March 31, 2025, we achieved the Financial Milestone required for the first additional equity investment tranche. On June 30, 2025, we received from Volkswagen Group the first additional equity investment tranche of $1.0 billion in exchange for which we issued $750 million of our Class A common stock. Volkswagen Group has also committed to make additional equity investments of up to approximately $1.5 billion in multiple tranches, subject to certain conditions, including the achievement of certain milestones and obtaining relevant regulatory clearances, of which $210 million is being recognized as revenue over time for services provided by the Joint Venture . There can be no assurances that the conditions required for investment of the other tranches will be satisfied within the contemplated timeframe, or at all. In addition, the conversion of the 2026 Convertible Note and our issuance of $750 million shares of Class A common stock to Volkswagen Group on June 30, 2025 as a result of our satisfaction of the Financial Milestone resulted in the dilution of the ownership interests of existing stockholders, and Volkswagen Group s proposed additional equity investments in us will cause further dilution. In connection with the Joint Venture , Volkswagen Group has also committed to providing a $1.0 billion term loan facility to the Joint Venture , available in October 2026, the proceeds of which would be concurrently loaned by the Joint Venture to Rivian JV SPV, LLC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the owner of 50% of the equity interests of the Joint Venture (the Joint Venture Equityholder ), and then distributed to the Company by the Joint Venture Equityholder to be used for general corporate purposes. We refer to these loans together as the JV Loan . Availability of the JV Loan is subject to customary financing conditions which must be satisfied during October 2026, and there can be no assurance that any such conditions will be met. Any incremental incurrence of debt under the JV Loan would result in increased debt service obligations and additional restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters. In addition, in connection with the Joint Venture , we granted Volkswagen Group a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to certain of our electrical architecture and software technology existing at the time we entered the Joint Venture for use in connection with Volkswagen Group s vehicles and related services, and provided to Volkswagen Group the related software source code and related technical information and trade secrets, subject to confidentiality obligations. In addition, we have agreed, and may agree in the future, to grant Volkswagen Group licenses to certain additional technology that will be further developed by the Joint Venture . There can be no assurance that Volkswagen Group and its subcontractors will not misuse or disclose our confidential proprietary information to third parties, inadvertently or otherwise, and our remedies for any such misuse or disclosure may be limited. We are also required to indemnify Volkswagen Group for any claims that 18 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Volkswagen Group s or the Joint Venture s use of the technology we licensed to them infringes or otherwise violates third-party intellectual property rights, subject to certain limitations. In addition, we expect that Volkswagen Group will offer vehicles that compete with ours using our licensed background technology and technology developed by the Joint Venture , which may materially adversely impact our business given Volkswagen Group s size, resources and position in the automotive market. We may be subject to risks associated with additional strategic alliances or acquisitions. We have entered into and may from time to time consider entering into additional strategic alliances, including joint ventures, minority equity investments, strategic commercial arrangements or other transactions, with various third parties to further our business purpose. However, there are no assurances that we will be able to identify or secure suitable alliances in the future or that we will be able to maintain such alliances, which could impair our overall growth. If we announce any proposed strategic alliance, but are unable to close such proposed transaction, we may suffer negative publicity and it may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, these alliances could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary information, with non-performance by the third party and with increased expenses in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may have limited ability to monitor or control the actions of these third parties and, to the extent any of these strategic third parties suffer negative publicity or harm to their reputation from events relating to their business, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with any such third party. When appropriate opportunities arise, we have acquired and may in the future acquire additional assets, products, technologies, or businesses that are complementary to our existing business. In addition to possible stockholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for acquisitions and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay and costs, and may disrupt our business strategy if we fail to obtain any such approval or license. Furthermore, acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for other intangible assets, and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions may be significant. We have experienced, and could experience in the future, cost increases and disruptions in supply of raw materials, components or equipment used to produce our vehicles. We incur significant costs related to procuring raw materials, components and equipment required to manufacture and assemble our vehicles. The prices we pay for these raw materials fluctuate depending on factors often beyond our control, including market conditions, inflation, changes in interest rates, market prices of key commodities, regulatory requirements, and global demand for these materials, and could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Changes in business or economic conditions, governmental regulations, currency fluctuations, increased United States tariffs, non-United States retaliatory tariffs and non-tariff trade barriers including export restrictions in supplier countries, shortages in raw materials, and changes in geopolitical conditions, and other factors beyond our control or that we do not presently anticipate could result in significant increases in freight charges and raw material and component costs which could significantly impact our ability to receive raw materials or components. For example, China's changes to its export control requirements on certain materials, including rare earth minerals have caused, and could continue to cause, impact on our ability to receive raw materials and components, costs and production. Substantial increases in the prices for our raw materials or components and increased costs due to changing regulatory requirements have increased, and could continue to increase, our operating costs and reduce our margins. Price increases and other measures taken by us to offset higher costs could materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand, result in negative publicity and loss of customers and sales, and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Shortages and delays in the supply of certain raw materials, components and equipment necessary to produce our vehicles, and the various internal designs and processes we adopted in an effort to remedy or mitigate impacts of such disruptions and delays have resulted in, and may in the future result in, higher costs. If our suppliers experience substantial financial 19 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. difficulties or work stoppages, cease operations, or otherwise face business disruptions, or choose to de-prioritize their supply to us, we would be required to take measures to ensure raw materials, components and equipment remain available. A number of our suppliers have notified us of potential supply chain impact due to tariffs and other trade barriers. Our renegotiation with such suppliers to address such tariffs and trade barriers has resulted in, and may, in the future, result in increased costs. If we are unsuccessful in such renegotiation, or if any of our suppliers experience continued business disruptions as a result of such tariffs or trade barriers, we may experience disruptions and delays. The delay or unavailability of any raw material, component, or equipment or supplier disruption has resulted, and could in the future result in production delays, idle manufacturing facilities, product design changes, loss of access to important technology and tools for producing and supporting our products and services, and increased costs, any of which could negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, if a supplied vehicle component becomes the subject of a field action, including a product recall, we may be required to find an alternative component, which could increase our costs, cause vehicle production delays, and subject us to costly litigation surrounding the component. There are also increasing expectations that companies monitor the environmental and/or social performance of their supply chains, including suppliers compliance with a variety of labor practices. Such expectations have resulted in enhanced regulatory and other stakeholder scrutiny of companies and suppliers in our industry. Compliance can be costly, require us to establish or augment programs to diligence or monitor our suppliers, or, in the case of legislation such as the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, to design supply chains to avoid certain regions or suppliers altogether. Our failure to comply or our suppliers failure to comply may result in a variety of adverse impacts, including reputational damage, potential liability, or a denial of import for various components. In some cases, we may not be able to find alternative suppliers on acceptable terms or for the quantities that we need. As a key component of our vehicle products, our business depends on the continued supply of battery cells for our vehicles and the inability or unwillingness of battery cell manufacturers to build or operate battery cell manufacturing plants to supply the numbers of battery cells (including the applicable chemistries) required to support the growth of the electric or plug-in hybrid vehicle industry as demand for such cells increases would impact our projected manufacturing and delivery timelines, and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We are dependent on establishing and maintaining relationships with vendors and suppliers necessary for the production of our products and services, a significant number of which are single or limited source suppliers, and effectively managing the risks due to such relationships. Our success is dependent upon our ability to enter into vendor and supplier agreements and build and maintain our relationships with vendors and suppliers who are critical and necessary to the production of our products and services . The vendor and supplier agreements we have, and may enter into with vendors and suppliers in the future, may have provisions where such agreements can be terminated in various circumstances, including potentially without cause. In the ordinary course of our business, we currently have, and may in the future have, legal disputes with our vendors and suppliers, including litigation to enforce such vendor and supplier agreements, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain services, raw materials and components from such vendors and suppliers. If our vendors and suppliers become unable or unwilling to provide, or experience delays in providing, services, raw materials or components, or if the vendor and supplier agreements we have in place are terminated, or if any such litigation to enforce such agreements is not resolved in our favor, it may be difficult or impossible to find replacement services or components at a reasonable cost in a timely manner. For example, a number of our suppliers have notified us of potential supply chain impact due to tariffs and other trade barriers, which has resulted in our experiencing delays and increased costs, and which has resulted in and may in the future result in legal disputes and negotiations. Moreover, as we implement product and services upgrades and adaptations or make changes to our order volumes, we have had, and may in the future have, legal disputes and negotiations with vendors and suppliers related to changes in current vendor and supplier contracts. In addition, if we terminate any vendor or supplier agreements we may be subject to cancellation or other settlement costs. Additionally, our EVs contain thousands of components that we purchase from hundreds of mostly single- or limited-source suppliers, for which no immediate or readily available alternative supplier exists. Due to scarce natural resources or other component availability constraints, we may not receive the full allocation of components we have requested from a particular supplier due to supplier allocation decisions that are outside our control. We may not be able to establish alternate supplier relationships for any component shortages or obtain or engineer replacement components for any single source components, or we may be unable to do so in the short term (or at all) at prices or quality levels that are acceptable to us, including as a result of tariffs and other trade barriers. Further, any such alternative suppliers may be located a long distance from our manufacturing facilities, which may lead to increased costs or delays. In addition, as we evaluate opportunities and take steps 20 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. to insource certain components, supply arrangements with current or future suppliers (with respect to other components offered by such suppliers) may be available on less favorable terms or not at all. If we do not enter into long-term supply agreements with guaranteed pricing for our raw materials or components, or if those long-term supply agreements are not honored by our suppliers, we may be exposed to fluctuations in prices of raw materials or components. Agreements for the purchase of battery cells contain or are likely to contain pricing provisions that are subject to adjustments based on changes in market prices of key commodities. Substantial increases in the prices for raw materials, components and equipment would increase our operating costs and could reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs. Increasing the announced or expected prices of our vehicles in response to increased costs has previously been viewed negatively by our potential customers, and any future attempts to increase prices could have similar results, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may not be able to accurately estimate the supply and demand for our vehicles, which could result in a variety of inefficiencies in our business and hinder our ability to generate revenues and profits. If we fail to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements, we could incur additional costs or experience delays. We are required to provide forecasts of our demand to our suppliers several months prior to the scheduled delivery of products to our prospective customers. Currently, there is limited historical basis for making judgments on the demand for our vehicles, our ability to develop, manufacture, and deliver vehicles, or our results of operations in the future. If we overestimate our requirements, we or our suppliers may have excess inventory, which would indirectly increase our costs. If we underestimate our requirements, we or our suppliers may have inadequate inventory, which could interrupt manufacturing of our products and result in delays in deliveries and revenues. In addition, lead times for raw materials and components that our suppliers order may vary significantly and depend on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms and demand for and availability of each raw material and component at a given time. If we fail to order or receive sufficient quantities of raw material or components in a timely manner, the delivery of vehicles to our customers could be delayed, which could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Tariffs and other trade barriers have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our ability to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements which has had and could continue to have an adverse impact on our ability to receive raw materials and components, costs and production. If we fail to scale our business operations or otherwise manage our future growth effectively as we attempt to rapidly grow the Company, we may not be able to produce, market, service and sell (or lease) our vehicles, software and services successfully. As the Company grows, including to support the launch of R2, we plan to grow our go-to-market, sales, and service operations and invest in new technologies, development and manufacturing capabilities, which will require hiring, retaining and training new skilled and qualified personnel, controlling expenses and investments, efficiently and effectively expanding operational capabilities, implementing IT systems that enable scaling manufacturing and operations, expanding existing and establishing new facilities, and growing administrative infrastructure, systems, and processes. In connection with any expansion of existing facilities and any newly acquired or constructed facilities we will need to manage regulatory requirements and permits, labor issues and costs, and obtain and maintain the necessary support of local, state, federal or international politicians or other policymakers and special interest groups. Our future operating results depend largely on our ability to manage this expansion and growth successfully, including addressing any new markets and potentially unforeseen challenges as they arise, and any failure to effectively manage our growth could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. A significant portion of our automotive revenues has been from one customer that is an affiliate of one of our principal stockholders. If we are unable to maintain this relationship, or if this customer purchases significantly fewer vehicles than we currently anticipate, then our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. A significant portion of our automotive revenues has been from Amazon Logistics, Inc. ( Logistics ). Amazon is the parent company of both Logistics and Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC, which beneficially owns shares of our capital stock (including s hares issuable upon the exercise of a warrant to purchase 3,723,050 shares of Class A common stock, as amended) representing 12.7% of our voting power as of December 31, 2025. 21 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. In February 2019, we entered into a commercial letter agreement with Amazon, and in September 2019, we entered into a related framework agreement with Logistics. We refer to these agreements, together with any work orders, purchase orders, related agreements, and amendments thereunder or thereto, collectively, as the EDV Agreement. Under the EDV Agreement, we and Logistics agreed to collaborate to design and develop EDVs and/or certain component parts for use in Amazon s last mile delivery operations. Under the EDV Agreement, Logistics has the right to decide how many EDVs to purchase, which may be fewer than expected, or delay the delivery of such purchases. Certain factors outside of our control may influence Logistics decision as to the number of EDVs to purchase from us and the timing of delivery, including Logistics ability to deploy a charging infrastructure across their delivery stations. The EDV Agreement is non-exclusive for Logistics, and Logistics has purchased and may continue to purchase EVs, including last mile delivery vehicles, from other manufacturers. In November 2023, we amended the EDV Agreement to change certain exclusivity and first refusal rights granted to Amazon, which previously prevented us from selling commercial vans to any other commercial customers. Under the EDV Agreement, as amended, we may sell commercial vans to third parties, subject to certain fees and limitations related to customer type and vehicle volume. While the EDV Agreement provides that we will be reimbursed for certain development costs, it does not include any minimum purchase requirements or otherwise restrict Logistics from developing last mile vehicles in collaboration with, or purchasing last mile delivery vehicles from, third parties. The EDV Agreement may be terminated by either party with or without cause, subject to compliance with certain termination provisions. If we fail to adequately perform under the EDV Agreement, if significantly fewer EDVs are purchased than we currently anticipate, or if either party terminates the EDV Agreement for any reason, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. We are highly dependent on the services and reputation of Robert J. Scaringe, our Founder and CEO. We are highly dependent on the services and reputation of Robert J. Scaringe, our Founder and CEO. Dr. Scaringe is a significant influence on and driver of our business plan and product development roadmap. If Dr. Scaringe were to discontinue his service due to death, disability or any other reason, or if his reputation is adversely impacted by personal actions or omissions or other events within or outside his control, we would be significantly disadvantaged. In addition, Dr. Scaringe is a trustee of the Rivian Foundation and is Chairman of the Boards of Also, Inc. and Mind Robotics, Inc. and Mind Robotics, LLC ( Mind Robotics ). Dr. Scaringe s positions with the Rivian Foundation, Also, Inc. and Mind Robotics may give rise to fiduciary or other duties in conflict with the duties he owes to us. Furthermore, Dr. Scaringe may have additional duties, and may devote a substantial amount of time serving, as a trustee of the Rivian Foundation and as a director of Also, Inc. and Mind Robotics, which may compete with his ability to devote a sufficient amount of attention toward his obligations to us, or to day-to-day activities of our business. We may be unable to offer attractive financing and leasing options to vehicle purchasers, which would adversely affect demand and expose us to financial risks. We offer financing and leasing arrangements for our vehicles through financial institutions. We have an exclusive relationship with one financial institution for leasing in the United States. We cannot provide assurance that the relationships with those financial institutions will continue to provide the appropriate financial solutions to us and our customers and on acceptable terms or that we will be able to expand our leasing program to more states in a timely manner or at all. We believe our diverse customer base requires a diverse and attractive range of financing and leasing options. Failure to offer a variety of financing and leasing options may limit our ability to adequately grow vehicle sales and attract sufficient demand for our vehicles. We have a limited history of vehicle sales and corresponding residual values, which makes the future value of our vehicles difficult to project, and such values may fluctuate prior to the end of their terms depending on various factors such as supply and demand of our used vehicles, economic cycles, and the pricing and features of new vehicles. Lower than expected market values could negatively impact our projected residual values, which would make our leasing program less attractive to customers. Declining residual values would also subject us to negative financial impacts from risk sharing arrangements in our leasing program. We have made in the past, and may make in the future, certain adjustments to our prices from time to time in the ordinary course of business, which may impact the residual values of our vehicles and thereby negatively impact the performance of our leasing program. In addition, recent governmental and regulatory actions have repealed and, in some cases, restricted availability of certain tax credits to our leasing customers. These changes and further adverse change in the future availability of certain tax credits to our leasing customers may have a negative impact on the demand for our vehicles. 22 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. We may not succeed in maintaining and strengthening our brand, which would materially and adversely affect customer acceptance of our vehicles, software, and services. Our business and prospects heavily depend on our ability to maintain and strengthen the Rivian brand. If we are not able to maintain and strengthen our brand, we may lose the opportunity to build a critical mass of customers. Our ability to maintain and strengthen the Rivian brand will depend heavily on our ability to provide high quality products and services and engage with our customers as intended, as well as the success of our customer development and marketing efforts. The automobile industry is intensely competitive. Many of our current and potential competitors have greater name recognition, broader customer relationships, and substantially greater marketing resources than we do, which makes it more difficult for us to attract new customers and requires us to make greater investments in brand marketing, growth marketing, advertising, and physical infrastructure to support these efforts. If our marketing efforts are not effective in generating demand or if we do not maintain a strong brand, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely impacted. In addition, if incidents occur or are perceived to have occurred, such as production delays and price increases, whether or not such incidents are our fault, we have in the past and could in the future be subject to adverse publicity. In particular, given the popularity of social media, any negative publicity, whether true or not, could quickly proliferate and harm customer perceptions and confidence in the Rivian brand. Furthermore, there is the risk of potential adverse publicity related to our manufacturing, other partners (whether or not such publicity is related to their collaboration with us) or investors. Our ability to successfully position our brand could also be adversely affected by perceptions about the quality of our competitors products and services. In addition, from time to time, our products and services may be evaluated and reviewed by third parties. Any negative reviews or reviews which compare us unfavorably to competitors could adversely affect customer perception about our products and services. Our passion and focus on delivering a high-quality and engaging Rivian experience may not maximize short-term financial results, which may yield results that conflict with the market s expectations and could result in our stock price being negatively affected. We are passionate about continually enhancing the Rivian experience with a focus on driving long-term customer engagement through innovative, technologically advanced EVs, software and services, which may not necessarily maximize short-term financial results. We frequently make business decisions that may reduce our short-term financial results if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our goals to improve the Rivian experience, which we believe will improve our financial results over the long-term. In the near-term, we intend to focus significant resources on research and development and sales and marketing to deliver the Rivian experience to our customers, which could impact our short-term financial results. These decisions may not be consistent with the short-term expectations of our stockholders and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely impacted. Our distribution model is different from the predominant current distribution model for automobile manufacturers and is subject to regulatory limitations on our ability to sell, lease and service vehicles directly, which subjects us to substantial risk and makes evaluating our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows difficult. We are selling, financing, and leasing our vehicles directly to customers rather than through franchised dealerships. This model of vehicle distribution is relatively new, different from the predominant current distribution model for automobile manufacturers and, with limited exceptions, unproven, which subjects us to substantial risk. We have limited experience in selling and leasing vehicles and therefore this model may require significant expenditures and provide for slower expansion than the traditional dealer franchise system. For example, we will not be able to utilize long-established sales channels developed through a franchise system to increase sales volume. Moreover, we will be competing with companies with well-established distribution channels. Our success will depend in large part on our ability to effectively develop our own sales channels and marketing strategies. If our direct sales and leasing model does not develop as expected, develops more slowly than expected, or faces significant adversity from the established industry, we may be required to modify or abandon our sales and leasing model, which could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. As a manufacturer engaged in sales directly to consumers, we face regulatory limitations on and legal challenges to our ability to sell, lease and service vehicles directly, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to sell and lease our vehicles. 23 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. Many states have laws that may be interpreted to impose limitations on this direct-to-consumer sales model for manufacturers. The application of these state laws to our operations may be difficult to predict. Laws in some states may limit our ability to obtain dealer licenses from state motor vehicle regulators or to own or operate our own service centers. As a result, we may not be able to sell, finance, or lease directly to customers in each state in the United States or provide service from a location in every state. In addition, decisions by regulators permitting us to sell or lease vehicles may be challenged by dealer associations and others as to whether such decisions comply with applicable state motor vehicle industry laws. In some states, there have also been regulatory and legislative efforts by dealer associations to interpret laws or propose laws that, if enacted, would prevent us from obtaining dealer licenses in their states given our direct sales model. Dealer associations have also resorted to lawsuits in state courts to challenge our ability to obtain dealer licenses and operate directly. We have and may continue to initiate legal action against such states that prohibit direct sales or leases, which may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict. For customers residing in states in which we will not be allowed to sell, lease, or deliver vehicles, we must generally conduct the sale or lease out of the state over the internet or telephonically and may have to arrange alternate methods of delivery of vehicles. These arrangements could add significant complexity, and as a result, costs, to our business. Internationally, there may be laws in jurisdictions that may restrict our sales or other business practices. While we have analyzed the principal laws in several countries relating to our distribution model and believe we comply with such laws, the laws in this area can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time, and thus require ongoing review. Further, we have not performed a complete analysis of all jurisdictions in which we may sell vehicles. Limitations on our ability to sell, lease and service vehicles directly, and related uncertainties and complexities subject us to substantial risk and could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our future success depends on growing the sales of our commercial vehicles and securing additional commercial agreements with businesses. Our future success will also depend on growing the sale of our commercial vehicles and securing additional commercial agreements with businesses and/or fleet operators for our commercial vehicles. As we continue to target commercial customers, we may face increased costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition, and less predictability in completing our sales given that the sales cycle for commercial vehicles is multi-phased and complex. For our commercial customers, the evaluation process may be longer and more involved, with complex procurement and budgeting considerations, and require us to invest more in educating our customers about our products and services. The entry of commercial EVs is a relatively new development, particularly in the United States, and operators of commercial vehicle fleets will consider many factors when deciding whether to purchase our commercial EVs, including the availability of commercial charging infrastructure to support EV fleets. Furthermore, although we have entered into agreements for potential commercial customers to test and evaluate our commercial vehicles, there can be no assurance that these programs or other commercial sales efforts will result in higher volume orders or will attract more fleet customers. If we are unable to increase sales of our commercial vehicles while mitigating the risks associated with serving commercial customers, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely impacted. Our operations, IT systems, products and services rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and from time to time can contain errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects. If we are unsuccessful in identifying, addressing or mitigating technical limitations in our operations, IT systems, products and services, our business could be adversely affected. Our operations, IT systems, products and services rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex and will require modification and updates and/or replacement over the life of our product and services and our operations and IT systems. In addition, our operations, IT systems, products and services depend on the ability of such software and hardware to store, retrieve, process and manage immense amounts of data. Our operations and IT systems are subject to certain technical limitations that may compromise our ability to meet our objectives, and our software and hardware can contain errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects. Some errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or design defects inherently are difficult to detect and, in some cases, are only discovered after the code has been rel eased for external or internal use. Although we attempt to remedy any issues we observe in our operations, IT systems and products and services effectively and rapidly, such efforts may not be timely, effective or may hamper our business operations, including production. As a result of the Joint Venture , we are dependent on the Joint Venture to develop, update, improve and maintain certain software. T here is a risk that when we deploy updates to software developed by the Joint Venture, other vendors or by us (whether to address issues, deliver new features or make desired modifications), our IT systems and over-the-air update procedures fail to properly update the software or otherwise have unintended consequences to the software. In such cases, 24 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. the software within our IT systems and products and services may be, and have been subject to vulnerabilities or unintended consequences resulting from such failure of the over-the-air update until properly addressed. In addition, given that the Joint Venture is not fully controlled by us, we cannot guarantee that the Joint Venture will promptly and sufficiently address vulnerabilities or other issues in our products and services or prioritize those issues over the needs of the Joint Venture or Volkswagen Group . If we or our vendors and suppliers are unable to prevent or effectively remedy errors, bugs, vulnerabilities or defects in our products and services, or fail to deploy updates to our products and services properly, we would suffer damage to our reputation, loss of customers, loss of revenues or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are subject to risks associated with advanced driver assistance technology. Our vehicles provide advanced driver assistance capabilities to our customers supported by hardware, software, and machine learning models. Errors in the design, implementation, or execution of these components could lead to increased risk for our customers or third-party road users. Advanced driver assistance technologies are subject to risks, and there have been accidents and fatalities associated with such technologies. The safety of such technologies depends in part on driver interactions, and there may be a subset of drivers who may not be accustomed to using or adapting to such technologies. To the extent accidents associated with our advanced driver assistance systems occur, we could be subject to liability, negative publicity, government scrutiny, and further regulation. Moreover, any incidents related to advanced driver assistance systems of our competitors could adversely affect the perceived safety and adoption of our vehicles and advanced driver assistance technology more broadly. Advanced driver assistance technology is also subject to considerable regulatory uncertainty as the law evolves to catch up with the rapidly evolving nature of the technology. Our vehicles also may not achieve the requisite level of advanced driver assistance required for certification in applicable jurisdictions. With this dynamically shifting regulatory and political environment, there is a risk that we may not satisfy regulatory requirements, in which case we may be required to redesign, modify, or update our advanced driver assistance hardware and related software systems. In addition to regulatory changes, increasing demand for engineering talent in the artificial intelligence industry may cause disruption in the development of our advanced driver assistance technology and, coupled with disruptive new hardware technologies emerging year over year, may impact our long-term roadmap. We may also fail to deliver the level of advanced driver assistance systems that customers expect from vehicles in our class. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We rely on complex machinery for our operations, and production involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational performance, safety, security, and costs. Our manufacturing plant consists of large-scale machinery combining many components, including complex software to operate such machinery and to coordinate operating activities across the manufacturing plant. The manufacturing plant components are likely to suffer unexpected malfunctions from time to time, especially as we ramp up production on new products or in connection with planned plant shutdowns to rerate our lines or introduce new designs and technologies, and will depend on repairs, spare parts, and IT solutions to resume operations, which may not be available when needed. Unexpected malfunctions of the manufacturing plant machinery may significantly affect operational efficiency. Operational performance and costs can be difficult to predict and are often influenced by factors outside of our control, such as, but not limited to, scarcity of natural resources, environmental hazards and remediation, costs associated with decommissioning of machines, labor disputes and work stoppages, difficulty or delays in obtaining governmental permits, damages or defects in electronic systems including the software used to control or operate them, industrial accidents, pandemics, fire, seismic activity, and natural disasters. For example, we have experienced several fires at our facilities. While these events were quickly contained and resulted in minimal damage and production delay, we cannot guarantee that similar events will not occur in the future, or that we will be able to contain such events without damage or delay. We have experienced and may in the future experience operational risks. Such risks, if materialized, may result in the personal injury to or death of workers, the loss of production equipment, damage to manufacturing facilities, products, supplies, tools and materials, monetary losses, delays and unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage, administrative fines, increased insurance costs, and potential legal liabilities, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We cannot be certain that our insurance 25 RIVIAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. coverage will be sufficient to cover potential costs and liabilities arising from operational risks or at reasonable rates. A loss that is uninsured or exceeds policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. If there is inadequate access to charging stations, our business will be materially and adversely affected and we may not realize the benefits of our charging networks. Demand for our products and services will depend in part upon the availability of a charging infrastructure. We continue to deploy our Rivian Adventure Network, which consists of DC fast charging stations in the United States. We market our ability to provide our customers with comprehensive charging solutions, including the Rivian Adventure Network, as well as the installation of home chargers for users where practicable, and provide other solutions including charging through publicly accessible charging infrastructure. While the prevalence of charging stations generally has been increasing, charging station locations remain less widespread than gas stations. Some potential customers may choose not to purchase our vehicles because of the lack of a more widespread charging infrastructure and concerns around reliability. Although we have expanded and intend to continue to expand our charging networks throughout the United States and 
