. RISK FACTORS There are risks associated with an investment in our securities. The following RISK FACTORS should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following RISK FACTORS could materially adversely affect our business, including our prospects, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the trading price of our securities, and/or the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view as immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business in future periods or if circumstances change. Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Economic, political, and other conditions, including the imposition of significant new tariffs or other changes to existing trade policies and agreements, may adversely affect the global economy and/or the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products. The global economy and retail industry are impacted by many uncontrollable factors, including, among others, diplomatic and trade relationships, including potential changes to international trade policies or agreements, such as the imposition of new tariffs; general domestic and international political conditions; consumer perceptions of current and future economic conditions, including any recessionary fears; inflation; interest rates; foreign currency exchange rates; the availability and price of commodities, including fuel and energy costs; employment levels and wage rates; stock market performance; the housing market; consumer debt levels; the availability of consumer credit; the health and stability of the banking sector; global food supplies; taxation; the threat, outbreak, or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts, or other hostilities; consumer perceptions of personal well-being and safety; man-made or natural disasters, including pandemic diseases; and weather conditions. Most recently, the U.S. announced significant changes to its trade policies, including widespread tariff increases on imported goods (including on those countries from which we import a substantial amount of our finished products, most notably Vietnam, Cambodia, and China) with potential further increases and revisions or terminations to existing trade agreements. In response, many countries have announced or are otherwise considering retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports and other trade restrictions. This has led to significant uncertainty regarding the future relationship between the U.S. and other countries, as well as growing concerns about a global trade war, higher inflation, and a potential global recession, which has already caused significant volatility of global stock markets and foreign currency exchange rates. Other recent economic conditions, including ongoing inflationary pressures, organized labor disputes, high interest rates, significant foreign currency volatility, and military conflicts (as discussed below), continue to impact consumer discretionary income levels, spending, and sentiment in the U.S. and beyond. In response to such pressures, as well as to reduce elevated inventory levels, many retailers (particularly in the U.S.) continue to resort to promotional activity in an attempt to offset traffic declines and increase conversion. Our gross margins could be adversely impacted if we were to apply a similar strategy over a prolonged period of time. The global economy has also been negatively impacted by ongoing military conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas wars, militant attacks on cargo vessels in the Red Sea, and other hostilities in the Middle East. Although our voluntary decision to suspend operations in Russia has not resulted in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements and our ongoing operations in Israel are also not material, our business has been, and may continue to be, affected by the broader macroeconomic implications resulting from these and other military conflicts, including inflationary pressures, unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, increases in energy prices, food shortages, and financial market volatility, among other factors, which have adversely impacted consumer sentiment and confidence. Although our business has not been significantly impacted by the Red Sea crisis, it could lead to shipping delays, inventory shortages, and/or higher freight costs in the near future and beyond. It is not clear at this time how long these conflicts will endure, or if they will escalate further with additional countries declaring war against each other, which could further amplify the impacts of the various macroeconomic factors described above and potentially result in a global recession. Consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products, tend to decline during periods of recession, high inflation, or rising interest rates, and at other times when disposable income is lower. Unfavorable economic conditions and other factors, such as pandemic diseases and other health-related concerns, political unrest, military conflicts, and acts of terrorism, may also reduce consumers' willingness and ability to travel to major cities and vacation destinations in which our stores and shop-within-shops are located. Further, consumers may prefer to spend more of their discretionary income on "experiences," such as dining and entertainment, over consumer goods. Stay-at-home orders, social gathering restrictions, and work-from-home arrangements, such as those resulting from pandemic diseases, may also diminish consumers' demand for luxury apparel products. Accordingly, a downturn or an uncertain outlook in the economies in which 24 we, or our wholesale customers and licensing partners, sell our products, or other changes in consumer preferences, may materially adversely affect our business. Economic conditions could have a negative impact on our major customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business. Although we believe that our existing cash and investments, cash provided by operations, and available borrowing capacity under our credit and overdraft facilities and commercial paper borrowing program will provide us with sufficient liquidity, the impact of adverse economic conditions (such as ongoing inflationary pressures and high interest rates) on our major customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders and their ability to access global capital markets cannot be predicted. The inability of third parties to manufacture and/or ship our products due to insufficient liquidity or otherwise could impair our ability to meet the delivery date requirements of our customers. A disruption in the ability of our significant customers to access liquidity could cause serious disruptions or an overall deterioration of their businesses which could lead to a significant reduction in their future orders of our products and the inability or failure on their part to meet their payment obligations to us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any deterioration in global financial or capital markets could affect our ability to access sources of liquidity to provide for our future cash needs, increase the cost of any future financing, or cause our lenders to be unable to meet their funding commitments under our credit and overdraft facilities. We also regularly maintain domestic cash deposits in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") insured banks, which exceed the FDIC insurance limits. In addition, we maintain cash deposits in foreign banks where we operate, some of which are not insured or are only partially insured by the FDIC or other similar agencies. Bank failures, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may lead to liquidity constraints. The failure of a bank, or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, could adversely impact our liquidity and financial performance. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC or other comparable insurance limits will be backstopped by the U.S. or applicable foreign government, or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions, or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. Our major customers, suppliers, and vendors may also be subject to similar risks, which in turn could have a resulting material adverse impact on our business if they were to lose access to sufficient liquidity. Our business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency fluctuations. Our business is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. Specifically, changes in exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and other currencies impact our financial results from a transactional perspective, as our foreign operations generally purchase inventory in U.S. Dollars. Given that we source most of our products overseas, the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the relevant currencies. Changes in currency exchange rates may also impact consumers' willingness or ability to travel abroad and/or purchase our products while traveling, as well as affect the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency denominated prices at which our international businesses sell products. Additionally, the operating results and financial position of our international subsidiaries are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as their financial results are translated from the respective local currency into U.S. Dollars during the financial statement consolidation process. The foreign currencies to which we are exposed to from a transactional and translational perspective primarily include the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the British Pound Sterling, the South Korean Won, the Chinese Renminbi, the Canadian Dollar, the Swiss Franc, and the Australian Dollar. The expansion of our international business increases our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. Although we hedge certain exposures to changes in foreign currency exchange rates arising in the ordinary course of business, we cannot fully anticipate all of our currency exposures and therefore foreign currency fluctuations may have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, factors that could impact the effectiveness of our hedging activities include the volatility of currency markets, the accuracy of forecasted transactions, and the availability of hedging instruments. As such, our hedging activities may not completely mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. Infectious disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Widespread public health emergencies or infectious disease outbreaks, such as the novel strain of coronavirus commonly referred to as COVID-19, have had, and could again in the future have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Potential impacts to our business include, but are not limited to: (i) our ability to successfully execute our long-term growth strategy; (ii) supply chain disruptions resulting from closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, shipping and loading capacity constraints, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas, including any related cost increases; (iii) reduced retail traffic at our stores and those of our wholesale 25 customers and licensing partners due to forced closures or other operational restrictions, such as reduced capacity limits and operating hours, declines in tourism, and/or potential changes in consumer behavior and shopping preferences, such as their willingness to congregate in shopping centers or other populated locations and the overall growing preference to shop online versus at traditional brick and mortar locations; (iv) potential declines in the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products, caused by higher unemployment and lower disposable income levels, inflationary pressures, travel and social gathering restrictions, work-from-home arrangements, or other factors beyond our control; (v) the potential build-up of excess inventory as a result of store closures and/or lower consumer demand; (vi) temporary closures or other operational restrictions of our distribution centers and/or corporate facilities; (vii) our ability to attract, retain, and manage employees; (viii) additional costs to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, and communities, such as more frequent and thorough cleanings of our facilities and supplying personal protection equipment; (ix) the potential loss of one or more of our significant wholesale customers or licensing partners, or the loss of a large number of smaller wholesale customers or licensing partners, if they are not able to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions, and our ability to collect outstanding receivables; (x) increased vulnerability to data security or privacy breaches as a result of remote working arrangements; (xi) our ability to successfully negotiate with landlords to obtain rent abatements, rent deferrals, and other relief; (xii) our ability to access capital markets and maintain compliance with covenants associated with our existing debt instruments, as well as the ability of our key customers, suppliers, and vendors to do the same with regard to their own obligations; (xiii) our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to support our operations, including repayment of our debt obligations as they become due, as well as to return value to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock; (xiv) diversion of management attention and resources from ongoing business activities and/or a decrease in employee morale; and (xv) our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Risks Related to our Strategic Initiatives and Restructuring Activities We cannot assure the successful implementation of our growth strategy. We have developed a long-term growth strategy with the objective of delivering sustainable, profitable growth and long-term value creation for shareholders, as outlined in Item 1 "Business Objectives and Opportunities." Our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy is subject to various risks and uncertainties, as described herein. Although we believe that our growth strategy will lead to long-term growth in revenue and profitability, there can be no assurance regarding the timing of or extent to which we will realize the anticipated benefits, if at all. Our failure to realize the anticipated benefits, which may be due to our inability to execute the various elements of our growth strategy, changes in consumer preferences, competition, economic conditions (including potential changes to existing trade policies and agreements, including higher tariffs on U.S. imports, as well as inflationary pressures), and other risks described herein, such as those related to pandemic diseases, supply chain disruptions, and military conflicts or other hostilities, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Such a failure could also result in the implementation of new restructuring-related activities, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term. Achievement of our growth strategy may require investment in new capabilities, distribution channels, and technologies, such as those related to our Next Generation Transformation project. These investments may result in short-term costs without accompanying current revenues and, therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term. There can be no assurance regarding the timing of or extent to which we will realize the anticipated benefits of these investments and other costs, if at all. We may not be successful in the expansion of our multi-channel distribution network or accelerating growth in certain product categories. Implementation of our growth strategy involves the continuation and expansion of our multi-channel distribution network, including within international markets such as China, which is subject to many factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to (i) identify new or underpenetrated markets where our products and brand will be accepted by consumers; (ii) attract customers, particularly in new markets; (iii) identify desirable freestanding and department store locations, the availability of which may be out of our control; (iv) negotiate acceptable lease terms, including desired tenant improvement allowances; (v) efficiently and cost effectively build-out stores and shop-within-shops; (vi) source sufficient inventory levels timely to meet the needs of the new stores and shop-within-shops; (vii) hire, train, and retain competent store personnel; and (viii) integrate new stores and shop-within-shops into our existing systems and operations. Any of these challenges could delay or otherwise prevent us from successfully executing our distribution expansion strategy. There can be no assurance that our new stores and shop-within-shops will be successful and profitable or if the capital costs associated with the build-out of such new locations will be recovered. Further, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new or existing competitors that have a more established market presence than us or other competitive advantages. Other risks related to our international expansion plans include (i) changes in general economic conditions in specific countries and markets, including those resulting from inflationary pressures, pandemic diseases, natural or man-made 26 disasters, civil or political instability, or military conflicts, terrorist acts, or other hostilities; (ii) changes in diplomatic and trade relationships and any resulting anti-American sentiment; (iii) foreign government regulation; (iv) risks associated with importing products; and (v) restrictions on the repatriation of funds held internationally, among other risks described herein. If our expansion plans are unsuccessful or do not deliver an appropriate return on our investments, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. The success of our business also depends largely on our ability to continue to maintain, enhance, and expand our digital footprint and capabilities. Consumers continue to increasingly shop online using computers, smartphones, tablets, and other devices, and also use such devices to perform comparison shopping on a real-time basis. Certain adverse events, such as pandemic diseases and severe weather, tend to amplify this trend, as consumers may find it difficult to travel to our brick and mortar locations or otherwise prefer to avoid populated locations, such as indoor shopping centers. Any failure on our part, or on the part of our third-party digital partners, to provide attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce platforms, including mobile apps, could negatively impact our customers' shopping experience resulting in reduced website traffic, diminished loyalty to our brands, and lost sales. In addition, as we continue to expand and increase the global presence of our digital commerce business, sales from our brick and mortar stores and wholesale channels of distribution in areas where digital commerce sites are introduced may decline due to changes in consumer shopping habits and cannibalization. Our growth strategy also includes accelerating growth in certain high-potential, underdeveloped product categories, comprised of women's apparel, outerwear, and handbags. We compete with other retailers in these product categories, some of which may be significantly larger than us and more established in these product categories, and competition is intense, as described within other RISK FACTORS herein. There can be no assurance that our targeted expansion in these product categories will be successful. The success of our business depends on our ability to respond to constantly changing fashion and retail trends and consumer preferences in a timely manner, develop products that resonate with our existing customers and attract new customers, and provide a seamless shopping experience to our customers. The industries in which we operate have historically been subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences. Our success depends in large part on our ability to originate and define fashion product and home product trends, as well as to anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner. Our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers worldwide across various price points whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change, influenced by fashion trends, economic conditions, and weather conditions, among other factors. This issue is further compounded by the increasing use of digital and social media by consumers and the speed by which information and opinions are shared across the globe. We cannot assure that we will be able to continue to develop appealing styles or successfully meet constantly changing consumer preferences in the future. In addition, we cannot assure that any new products or brands that we introduce will be successfully received by consumers. Any failure on our part to anticipate, identify, and respond effectively to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends could adversely affect consumer acceptance of our products and leave us with a substantial amount of unsold inventory or missed opportunities. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our marketing and advertising programs are integral to the success of our product offerings and on our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers. Our communication campaigns are increasingly being executed through digital and social media platforms to drive further engagement with the younger consumer, with a focus on influencers. However, we cannot assure that our marketing and advertising programs will be successful or appeal to consumers. Ineffective marketing and advertising programs could impede our ability to maintain brand relevance, attract new customers, or retain existing customers. The success of our business also depends on our ability to continue to develop and maintain a reliable omni-channel experience for our customers, as well as our ability to introduce new Connected Retail capabilities, such as those described in Item 1 " Business Digital Ecosystem. " Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to a shopping experience through multiple technologies, including computers, smartphones, tablets, and other devices, as our customers have become increasingly technologically savvy and expect a seamless omni-channel experience regardless of whether they are shopping in stores or online. We are increasingly using digital and social media platforms to interact with customers and enhance their shopping experience. If we are unable to develop and continuously improve our customer-facing technologies, the efforts of which typically require significant capital investments, we may not be able to provide a convenient and consistent experience to our customers regardless of the sales channel. This could negatively affect our ability to compete with other retailers and result in diminished loyalty to our brands, which could adversely impact our business. We implement new store design concepts and other renovations to our existing store portfolio as part of our growth strategy. There can be no assurance that any of our store designs will resonate with customers or otherwise achieve the desired sales and profitability measures necessary to recover our initial capital investments. If customers are not receptive to the design layout or visual merchandising of our stores, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, the failure of our store 27 designs to achieve acceptable results could lead to asset impairment charges and/or our decision to close a store prior to the lease expiration date resulting in other store closure-related charges, including early lease termination fees. Our retail stores are generally located in shopping malls or other shopping centers. Our sales at such stores, as well as our flagship locations, are largely dependent upon the volume of retail traffic in those shopping centers and the surrounding area. Retail traffic to our stores has been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by disruptions caused by adverse economic conditions, pandemic diseases, natural or man-made disasters, severe weather conditions, declines in tourism, the increasing shift towards digital commerce channels, and other various factors beyond our control. Any significant declines in retail traffic in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our profitability may decline if we are unable to effectively manage inventory or as a result of increasing pressure on margins. The nature of the apparel retail industry requires us to carry a significant amount of inventory, especially prior to the peak holiday selling season when we build up our inventory levels in order to meet anticipated consumer demand. Although we have shortened lead times for the design, sourcing, and production of certain of our product lines, we expect to continue to place orders with our vendors for the majority of products in advance of the related selling season. As a result, we are vulnerable to changes in consumer preferences and demand and pricing shifts. Our failure to continue to shorten lead times or to correctly anticipate consumer preferences and demand could result in the build-up of excess inventory. Other factors beyond our control could also result in the build-up of excess inventory, including unforeseen adverse economic conditions or business disruptions, such as those caused by pandemic diseases. Excess inventory levels could result in the utilization of less-preferred distribution channels, markdowns, promotional sales, donations, or destruction to dispose of such excess or slow-moving inventory, which may negatively impact our overall profitability and/or impair the image of our brands. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which may negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty, and result in lost sales. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, our industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including inflationary pressures, intense competition and a highly promotional retail environment, consolidation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of products, excess inventory levels in the marketplace, and changes in consumer spending patterns. Changes to existing trade policies and agreements, including higher tariffs on U.S. imports, could exacerbate such pricing pressures. Although we continue to limit our promotional activity in connection with our quality of sales initiatives, these factors may cause us to reduce our sales prices to retailers and consumers, which could cause our gross margin to decline. If our sales prices decline and we fail to sufficiently reduce our product costs or operating expenses, our profitability will decline. In addition, changes in our customer, channel, and geographic sales mix could have a negative impact on our profitability. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring plans. We have implemented restructuring plans to support key strategic initiatives. Although designed to deliver long-term sustainable growth, restructuring plans present significant potential risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including (i) higher than anticipated costs in implementing planned workforce reductions, particularly in highly regulated locations outside the U.S.; (ii) higher than anticipated lease termination and store or facility closure costs; (iii) failure to meet operational targets or customer requirements due to the loss of employees or inadequate transfer of knowledge; (iv) failure to maintain adequate controls and procedures while executing, and subsequent to completing, our restructuring plans; (v) diversion of management attention and resources from ongoing business activities and/or a decrease in employee morale; (vi) attrition beyond any planned reduction in workforce; and (vii) damage to our reputation and brand image due to our restructuring-related activities. If we are not successful in implementing and managing our restructuring plans, we may not be able to achieve targeted operating enhancements, sales growth, and/or cost reductions, which could adversely impact our business. Our failure to achieve targeted results for any reason, including business disruptions resulting from adverse economic conditions or catastrophic events such as pandemic diseases, could also lead to the implementation of additional restructuring-related activities, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term. Risks Related to our Business and Operations The loss of the services of Mr. Ralph Lauren or any other changes to our executive and senior management team may be disruptive to, or cause uncertainty in, our business. Mr. Ralph Lauren's leadership in the design and marketing areas of our business has been a critical element of our success since the inception of our Company. Mr. R. Lauren is instrumental to, and closely identified with, our brand that bears 28 his name. Our ability to maintain our brand image and leverage the goodwill associated with Mr. R. Lauren's name may be damaged if we were to lose his services. The death or disability of Mr. R. Lauren or other extended or permanent loss of his services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to him or arising from his loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We also depend on the service and management experience of other key executive officers and members of senior management who have substantial experience and expertise in our industry and our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. Any changes in our executive and senior management team, including those resulting from our restructuring actions, may be disruptive to, or cause uncertainty in, our business and future strategic direction. The departure of any key individual and the failure to ensure a smooth transition and effective transfer of knowledge involving senior employees could hinder or delay our strategic planning and execution, as well as adversely affect our ability to attract and retain other experienced and talented employees. The success of our business also depends on our ability to attract and retain an adequate number of qualified employees to operate our retail stores and distribution centers and to perform various corporate functions. Competition in our industry to attract and retain employees is intense and is influenced by our reputation, our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefits, and economic conditions, among other factors. Furthermore, the retail industry (among others) has experienced, and could again experience in the future, overall labor shortages resulting from a combination of pandemic diseases, labor disputes, strikes, and other factors. The introduction of new work arrangements and company-specific requirements regarding when and how often employees are required to work on-site versus remotely may also impact companies' ability to attract and retain employees. As companies increasingly allow employees to work remotely, traditional geographic competition for talent may change in ways that we cannot predict. The departure of key individuals or our failure to maintain sufficient employee staffing levels could have a material adverse impact on our business, as well as impede our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our business is subject to risks associated with importing products and the ability of our manufacturers to produce our goods on time and to our specifications. We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and depend exclusively on independent third parties for the manufacture of our products. Our products are manufactured to our specifications through arrangements with approximately 300 foreign manufacturers in various countries. In Fiscal 2025, approximately 96% of our products (by dollar value) were produced outside of the U.S., primarily in Asia, Europe, and Latin America, with approximately 20% of our products sourced from Vietnam, 16% from Cambodia, and 12% from China. Risks inherent in importing our products include (i) the imposition of additional tariffs, duties, taxes, and other charges on imports or exports, such as those recently announced by the U.S. as discussed below; (ii) changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including the imposition of any sanctions, restrictions, and other responses; (iii) the imposition of additional regulations, quotas, trade sanctions, or safeguards relating to imports or exports, and costs of complying with such regulations and other laws relating to the identification and reporting of the sources of raw materials used in our products, which could lead to the detention, exclusion, or seizure of goods and imposition of monetary penalties and fines; (iv) adverse changes in local economic conditions, such as prolonged periods of recession, high inflation and/or interest rates, or other factors described herein; (v) changes in social or political conditions, including those resulting from military conflicts, terrorist acts, or other hostilities, that could result in the disruption of trade from the countries in which our manufacturers or suppliers are located; (vi) pandemic diseases, which could result in closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, port congestion, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas; (vii) unfavorable changes in the availability, cost, or quality of raw materials and commodities; (viii) labor shortages within our supply chain resulting from labor disputes, strikes, or otherwise; (ix) increases in the cost of labor or transportation; (x) disruptions of shipping and international trade caused by natural and man-made disasters, severe weather, military conflicts, terrorist acts, or other hostilities (such as militant attacks on cargo vessels in the Red Sea), or other unforeseen events, including any resulting impact to shipping prices and shipping times; (xi) heightened terrorism-related cargo and supply chain security concerns, which could subject imported or exported goods to additional, more frequent, or more thorough inspections, leading to delays in the delivery of cargo; and (xii) decreased scrutiny by customs officials for counterfeit goods, leading to lost sales, increased costs for our anti-counterfeiting measures, and damage to the reputation of our brands. As previously discussed, in April 2025, the U.S. announced significant changes to its trade policies, including a universal baseline tariff of 10% on all U.S. imported goods, plus additional country-specific tariffs. In return, many countries have announced retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports, resulting in uncertainty of the future relationship between the U.S. and other countries, as well as the potential of an ensuing global trade war and recession. While the U.S. implemented a 90-day pause on the majority of its proposed tariffs, we cannot predict at this time if and when any of the proposed tariffs will become effective. As approximately 96% of our products are currently produced outside of the U.S., any material change in tariffs or other trade restrictions could result in a significant increase to our product costs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to offset 29 potential increased product costs through higher sales prices to our consumers, supply chain diversification, or other mitigating measures, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business due to lower profitability. In addition, the entire apparel industry, including our Company, has faced, and could continue to face, supply chain challenges as a result of inflationary pressures, political instability, severe weather, military conflicts and other hostilities, pandemic diseases, and other factors, including reduced freight availability, port congestion, labor shortages, and rising wages and energy costs, among other factors. The inability of a manufacturer to ship orders of our products in a timely manner or to meet our strict quality standards could cause us to miss the delivery date requirements of our customers for those items, which could result in cancellation of orders, refusal to accept deliveries, or a substantial reduction in purchase prices. We have also incurred, and may continue to incur, higher freight and other logistic costs as a result of certain of the beforementioned factors. In addition, the cost and availability of raw materials used to manufacture our products are subject to significant fluctuation as a result of certain of the beforementioned factors (including inflationary pressures), as well as crop yields which could be negatively impacted by severe weather conditions. We may not be able to implement price increases that fully offset increases in raw materials, freight, or other sourcing costs and/or any such price increases could have an adverse impact on consumer demand for our products. Any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business could suffer if we need to replace manufacturers or distribution centers. We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and depend exclusively on independent third parties for the manufacture of our products, the majority of which are located in foreign countries. Accordingly, the success of our business depends on our ability to identify reputable manufacturers who can fulfill our orders timely and to our specifications, as well as the timely importation, customs clearance, and shipment of products to and from our various distribution centers. We compete with other companies for the production capacity of our manufacturers. Some of these competitors may place larger orders than we do, and thus may have an advantage in securing production capacity. If we experience a significant increase in demand, or if an existing manufacturer of ours must be replaced, we may have to expand our third-party manufacturing capacity. We cannot guarantee that this additional capacity will be available when required on terms that are acceptable to us. We enter into purchase order commitments each season specifying a time for delivery, method of payment, design and quality specifications, and other standard industry provisions, but do not have long-term contracts with any manufacturer. None of the manufacturers we use produce our products exclusively. In addition, we rely on a number of owned, leased, and independently-operated distribution facilities around the world to warehouse and ship products to our customers and perform other related logistic services. Our ability to meet the needs of our customers depends on the proper operation of these distribution centers. Our distribution centers generally utilize computer-controlled and automated equipment, which are subject to various risks, including software viruses, security breaches, power interruptions, or other system failures. If any of our distribution centers were to close or become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, severe weather, labor shortages, fires, and system failures, pandemic diseases, or if we fail to successfully consolidate existing facilities or transition to new facilities, we could experience a substantial loss of inventory, disruption of deliveries to our customers and our stores, increased costs, and longer lead times associated with the distribution of products during the period that would be required to reopen or replace the facility. Any such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. We also rely upon third-party transportation providers for substantially all of our product shipments, including shipments to and from our distribution centers, to our stores and shop-within-shops, and to our digital commerce and wholesale customers. Our utilization of these shipping services is subject to various risks, including, but not limited to, potential labor shortages (stemming from labor disputes, strikes, or otherwise), severe weather, and pandemic diseases, which could delay the timing of shipments, and increases in wages and fuel prices, which could result in higher transportation costs. The rapid increase of online shopping driven by changes in consumer shopping preferences has amplified certain of these risks resulting in capacity constraints. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, higher freight and other logistic costs as a result of certain of the beforementioned factors. Any delays in the timing of our product shipments or increases in transportation costs could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face intense competition worldwide in the markets in which we operate. We face increasing competition from companies selling apparel, footwear, accessories, home, and other of our product categories, including through the Internet. Although we sell our products through the Internet, increased competition and promotional activity in the worldwide apparel, footwear, accessory, and home product industries from Internet-based competitors could reduce our sales, prices, and margins. We also face intense competition from other domestic and foreign apparel, footwear, and accessory companies that sell products through brick and mortar stores and wholesale and licensing channels. We compete with these companies primarily on the basis of: (i) anticipating and responding in a timely manner to changing consumer demands and shopping preferences, including the ever-increasing shift to digital brand engagement, social media communications, and online and cross-channel shopping; (ii) creating and maintaining favorable brand recognition, 30 loyalty, and a reputation for quality, including through digital brand engagement and online and social media presence; (iii) developing and producing innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors, and styles that appeal to consumers of varying demographics; (iv) competitively pricing our products and creating a compelling value proposition for consumers; (v) providing strong and effective marketing support in several diverse demographic markets, including through digital and social media platforms in order to stay better connected to consumers; (vi) establishing relationships with athletes, musicians, influencers, and other celebrities to promote our brands and products; (vii) providing attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce sites; (viii) adapting to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning; (ix) obtaining sufficient and desirable retail floor space and effective presentation of our products at stores and shop-within-shops; (x) attracting consumer traffic to stores, shop-within-shops, and digital commerce sites; (xi) sourcing sustainable and traceable raw materials at cost-effective prices; (xii) anticipating and maintaining proper inventory levels; (xiii) ensuring product availability and optimizing supply chain and distribution efficiencies with third-party manufacturers and retailers; (xiv) maintaining and growing market share; (xv) recruiting and retaining talent to operate our retail stores, distribution centers, and various corporate functions; (xvi) protecting our intellectual property; and (xvii) ability to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions. Some of our competitors may be significantly larger and more diversified and may have greater financial, marketing, and distribution resources, more desirable store locations, and/or greater digital commerce presence than us, among other competitive advantages. Such competitive advantages may enable them to better withstand unfavorable economic conditions, compete more effectively on the basis of price and production, and/or more quickly respond to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences than us. In addition, technological advances and the retail industry's low barriers to entry allow for the introduction of new competitors and products at a rapid pace, which has been further compounded by the increasing shift to digital shopping channels. Any increased competition, or our failure to adequately address any of these competitive factors, could result in reduced market share or sales, which could adversely affect our business. The success of our business depends on our ability to retain the value and reputation of our brands. Our success depends on the value and reputation of our brands and our ability to consistently anticipate, identify, and respond to customers' demands, preferences, and fashion trends in the design, pricing, and production of our products, including the preference for certain products to be manufactured in the U.S., and deliver high-quality and sustainable products supported by engaging marketing campaigns. Any negative publicity regarding Mr. R. Lauren, or other members of our management team, or our Company as a whole, especially through social media which accelerates and increases the potential scope of negative publicity, could adversely impact the image of our brands with our customers and result in diminished loyalty to our brands and potentially lead to adverse consumer actions, including boycotts, even if the subject of such publicity is unverified or inaccurate and we seek to correct it. Consumer sentiment can also be influenced by our partnership with athletes and other public figures, our relationships with wholesale customers, licensees, and suppliers, our views on political and social issues, or our long-term initiatives and goals regarding our impact on the environment and society as a whole, among other factors. Even if we react appropriately to negative publicity, our customers' perception of our brand image and our reputation could be negatively impacted. Any failure on our part to retain the value and reputation of brands could adversely impact our business. Our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be adequately protected outside the U.S. Our trademarks, intellectual property, and other proprietary rights are extremely important to our success and our competitive position. We devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and anti-counterfeiting activities worldwide. However, significant counterfeiting and imitation of our products continue to exist. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect trademarks or other proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. and, as a result, our intellectual property may be more vulnerable and difficult to protect in such countries. Over the course of our international expansion, we have experienced conflicts with various third parties that have acquired or claimed ownership rights to some of our key trademarks that include Polo and/or a representation of a polo player astride a horse, or otherwise have contested our rights to our trademarks. We have resolved certain of these conflicts through both legal action and negotiated settlements. We cannot guarantee that the actions we have taken to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights will be adequate to prevent counterfeiting, lost business, or brand dilution, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to challenge brands imitating our products. Also, there can be no assurance that others will not assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks and other proprietary rights of ours or that we will be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction or at all. Our business is subject to risks related to leasing real estate and other assets under long-term, non-cancellable leases. We generally operate most of our stores and corporate facilities under long-term, non-cancellable leasing arrangements. Our retail store leases typically require us to make minimum rental payments, and often contingent rental payments based upon sales. In addition, our leases generally require us to pay our proportionate share of the cost of insurance, taxes, maintenance, and utilities. We generally cannot cancel our leases at our option. If we decide to close a store, or if we decide to downsize, 31 consolidate, or relocate any of our corporate facilities, we may incur an impairment charge and/or exit costs associated with the disposal of the store or corporate facility. In addition, we may remain obligated under the applicable lease for, among other things, payment of the base rent for the remaining lease term, even after the space is exited or otherwise closed and even if such closures are beyond our control (such as forced store closures resulting from pandemic diseases). Such costs and obligations related to the early or temporary closure of our stores or termination of our leases could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, certain of our leases include renewal options or terms that require rental payments to be adjusted to reflect current fair market rental rates, which could be significantly higher than the prior term's rental payments. Further, as each of our leases naturally expires, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could lead to store closures resulting in lost sales. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a limited number of large wholesale customers. Our business could be adversely affected as a result of consolidations, liquidations, restructurings, other ownership changes in the retail industry, and/or any financial instability of our large wholesale customers. Several of our department store customers, including some under common ownership, account for a significant portion of our wholesale net sales. A substantial portion of sales of our licensed products by our domestic licensing partners are also made to our largest department store customers. Sales to our three largest wholesale customers accounted for approximately 12% of total net revenues for Fiscal 2025, and these customers accounted for approximately 25% of our total gross trade accounts receivable outstanding as of March 29, 2025. Approximately 70% of sales to our three largest wholesale customers related to our North America segment and approximately 30% related to our Europe segment. While we have long-standing relationships with the majority of our wholesale customers, we typically do not enter into long-term agreements with them. Instead, we enter into a number of purchase order commitments with our customers for each of our product lines every season. A decision by the controlling owner of a group of stores or any other significant customer, whether motivated by economic conditions, financial difficulties, competitive conditions, or otherwise, to decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from us or our licensing partners or to change their manner of doing business with us or our licensing partners or a change based on their new strategic and operational initiatives, including their continued focus on further development of "private labels" and exclusive product offerings in an effort to differentiate themselves from competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. The department store sector has experienced numerous consolidations, restructurings, bankruptcies, and other ownership changes in recent times, which could potentially increase in frequency as a result of current adverse economic conditions, including changes to existing trade policies and agreements (including higher tariffs on U.S. imports), ongoing inflationary pressures and high interest rates, and/or changes in consumer shopping preferences, such as the continued shift away from traditional brick and mortar wholesale retailers to larger online retailers. Such disruptions have typically resulted in actual or anticipated bankruptcies (such as Hudson Bay Company's recent bankruptcy filing), store closures (such as Macy's previously announced plan to close 150 stores over a 3-year period through calendar 2026), centralized purchasing decisions, and increased emphasis on inventory management and productivity, which could result in fewer stores carrying our products or reduced demand of our products by our wholesale customers. There can be no assurance that our wholesale customers have adequate financial resources and/or access to additional capital to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions. The loss of one or more significant wholesale customers, or the loss of a large number of smaller wholesale customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, the consolidation or other changes with respect to our wholesale customers could decrease our opportunities in the market, increase our reliance on a smaller number of large wholesale customers, and/or decrease our negotiating strength with our wholesale customers. Certain of our large wholesale customers, particularly those located in the U.S., have been highly promotional and have aggressively marked down their merchandise, including our products at times in the past. The continuation of such promotional activity could negatively impact our brand image and/or lead to requests from those customers for increased end-of-season markdown allowances. In response and in connection with our growth plan, we strategically reduce shipments to certain of our customers and exit less productive doors when deemed appropriate. We sell our wholesale merchandise primarily to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners across North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, and New Zealand, and extend credit based on an evaluation of each wholesale customer's financial condition, usually without requiring collateral. However, the financial difficulties of a wholesale customer could cause us to limit or eliminate our business with that customer. We may also assume more credit risk relating to that customer's receivables. Our inability to collect on our trade accounts receivable from any one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. See Item 1 "Business Wholesale Credit Control." 32 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could restrict our ability to engage in additional capital-related transactions in the future. As of March 29, 2025, our consolidated indebtedness was approximately $1.1 billion, comprised of our outstanding unsecured senior notes. We also maintain several credit and overdraft facilities, including our Global Credit Facility, which collectively had a remaining availability of approximately $805 million as of March 29, 2025. Accordingly, the amount of our indebtedness could further increase materially if we decide to draw upon our credit or overdraft facilities. This substantial level of indebtedness could have adverse consequences to our business, including (i) making it more difficult to satisfy our debt obligations as they become due; (ii) impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future; (iii) requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to be used for the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash available to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes; (iv) limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; and (v) increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. We rely on our operating cash flows to repay our outstanding borrowings, as well as to fund any working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend payments, share repurchases, and other general corporate purposes. Prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions in any of our key regions, or a combination thereof, could impede our ability to pay our obligations as they become due or return value to our shareholders, as well as delay previously planned expenditures related to our operations. Credit rating agencies also periodically review our capital structure and our ability to generate earnings. A prolonged period of deteriorated financial performance or our inability to comply with debt covenants (as discussed below) could make future financing more difficult to secure and/or expensive. Further, factors beyond our control, such as adverse economic conditions, could disrupt capital markets and limit the availability or willingness of financial institutions to extend capital to us in the future. Certain of our debt instruments contain a number of affirmative and negative covenants, including maintaining a leverage ratio at or below a specified level. Our failure to comply with such covenants or otherwise secure temporary waivers of non-compliance, could result in the termination of the related facilities and/or our lenders demanding any amounts outstanding to be immediately repaid, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, even if we are able to obtain waivers of non-compliance, such waivers may result in incremental fees, higher interest rates, and/or additional restrictions and covenants. Additionally, interest rates have been at elevated levels in recent years and it is uncertain if and when such rates may decline. Higher interest rates may increase the cost of any borrowings under our various credit and overdraft facilities, as well as negatively impact consumer sentiment and the global economy as a whole, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on our licensing partners to preserve the value of our licenses. Failure to maintain licensing partners could harm our business. The risks associated with our own products also apply to our licensed products in addition to any number of possible risks specific to a licensing partner's business, including risks associated with a particular licensing partner's ability to (i) obtain capital; (ii) execute its business plans; (iii) manage its labor relations; (iv) maintain relationships with its suppliers and customers; (v) generate sufficient cash flows to fund its operations and pay its obligations as they become due, including minimum royalties due to us; (vi) withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions; (vii) manage its credit and bankruptcy risks effectively; and (viii) protect the value and reputation of our brands. Although a number of our license agreements prohibit our licensing partners from entering into licensing arrangements with our competitors, our licensing partners generally are not precluded from offering, under other non-competitor brands, the types of products covered by their license agreements with us. A substantial portion of sales of our products by our domestic licensing partners are also made to our largest customers. While we have significant control over our licensing partners' products and advertising, we rely on our licensing partners for, among other things, operational and financial control over their businesses. Changes in management, reduced sales of licensed products, poor execution, or financial difficulties with respect to any of our licensing partners could adversely affect our revenues, both directly from reduced licensing revenue received and indirectly from reduced sales of our other products. Although we believe that we could replace our existing licensing partners in most circumstances, if necessary, our inability to do so for any period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business. 33 Our business could be adversely affected by man-made or natural disasters and other catastrophic events in the locations in which we or our customers or suppliers operate. Our operations, including retail, distribution, warehousing, and corporate operations, are susceptible to man-made or natural disasters, including severe weather, geological events, pandemic diseases, and other catastrophic events, such as terrorist attacks and military conflicts, any of which could disrupt our operations. In addition, the operations of our customers and suppliers could experience similar disruptions. The occurrence of natural disasters or other catastrophic events may result in sudden disruptions in the business operations of the local and regional economies affected, as well as the global economy as a whole, including, but not limited to, shortages and/or rising costs of raw materials or energy, public health issues, system failures, and reduced retail traffic. The occurrence of such events could also adversely affect financial markets and the availability of capital. In addition, our business can be affected by unseasonable weather conditions, such as extended periods of unseasonably warm temperatures in the winter or unseasonably cold temperatures in the summer. There is growing concern that climate change may increase both the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters. Any of these events could result in decreased demand for our products and disruptions in our sales channels and manufacturing and distribution networks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Risks Related to Information Systems and Data Security A data security or privacy breach could damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers or employees, expose us to litigation risk, and adversely affect our business. We are dependent on information technology systems and networks, including the Internet, for a significant portion of our direct-to-consumer sales, including our digital commerce operations and retail business credit card transaction authorization and processing (among other electronic payment methods that we accept). We are also responsible for storing data relating to our customers and employees and rely on third parties for the operation of our digital commerce sites and for the various social media tools and websites we use as part of our marketing strategy. In our normal course of business, we often collect, transmit, and/or retain certain sensitive and confidential customer information, including credit card information. There is significant concern by consumers, employees, and lawmakers alike over the security of personal information transmitted over the Internet, consumer identity theft, and user privacy. Cyber-criminals are constantly devising new, sophisticated schemes to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and confidential or sensitive data, including through the use of artificial intelligence. Despite the security measures we currently have in place (including those described in 
