 RISK FACTORS Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere, and the other information contained in this Report and in our other filings with the SEC, including our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs, with material adverse effects on us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously harmed. In that event, the market price for our common stock will likely decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Summary of RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the risks that are more fully described in the following section below: Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our inability to compete with new and existing technology to treat OSA successfully may harm our business. Consolidation in the healthcare industry and healthcare payment reform could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Global macroeconomic conditions, including the direct and indirect effects of inflation, supply chain disruptions, reciprocal tariffs, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed by the effects of pandemics, epidemics, or other public health crises. We are subject to various risks relating to international activities that could affect our overall profitability. Our products are the subject of clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors, or other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable, or perceived as unfavorable, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to potential product liability claims that may exceed the scope and amount of our insurance coverage, which would expose us to liability for uninsured claims. Our intellectual property may not protect our products, and/or our products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. If we fail to source, develop and retain key employees, our business may suffer. Our leverage and debt service obligations could adversely affect our business. We are subject to new areas of direct healthcare oversight by federal government agencies due to our acquisition of VirtuOx. Risks Related to Manufacturing, IT Systems, Commercial Operations and Plans for Future Growth Disruptions in the supply of components from our suppliers could result in a significant reduction in sales and profitability. We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure. Failed, substandard or delayed efforts to improve our IT System infrastructure may result in disruption to our business or materially increased costs. Actual or attempted breaches of security, unauthorized disclosure of information, attacks which reduce availability of systems such as denial of service, or the perception that personal and/or other sensitive or confidential information in our possession is not secure, could result in a material loss of business, substantial legal liability or significant harm to our reputation. We may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions, which could adversely affect our operating results. If we are unable to support our continued growth or achieve expected operating efficiencies, our business could suffer. Our business depends on our ability to market effectively to dealers of home healthcare products, sleep clinics, and physicians. -25- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES The success of our software offerings depends substantially on customers entering, renewing, upgrading and expanding their agreements for cloud services, term licenses, and maintenance and support agreements with us. Any decline in our customer renewals, upgrades or expansions could adversely affect our future operating results. If our software products fail to perform properly or if we fail to develop enhancements, we could lose customers, become subject to service performance or warranty claims and our sales could decline. If there are interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology or infrastructure, our existing software customers may experience service outages, and our new customers may experience delays in the deployment of our platforms. Climate change and natural disasters, or other events beyond our control, could negatively impact our business operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Non-Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Healthcare Industry Shifts Healthcare reform or other cost-cutting measures, including changes in coverage policy for our products and services, by government or commercial payors may have a material adverse effect on our industry and our results of operations. Government and private insurance plans may not adequately reimburse our customers for our products, which could result in reductions in sales or selling prices for our products. We are subject to various risks relating to our compliance with fraud and abuse laws and transparency laws relating to our interactions with our customers, healthcare providers, and patients, which could subject us to government investigation, litigation, or other penalties to the extent our activities or relationships are found not to comply or could otherwise cause us to incur significant costs to defend our actions, and could result in substantial fines, penalties, harm our reputation in the market, divert our management s attention, or result in changes in our business operations that could harm our ability to successfully market and sell our products and services. Our use and disclosure of personal information, including health information, is subject to federal, state and foreign privacy, artificial intelligence, data, biometrics and security regulations, and our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold could result in significant liability, regulatory investigations, legal actions, or reputational harm. Our business activities are subject to extensive regulation, and any failure to comply could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Product sales, introductions or modifications may be delayed or canceled as a result of FDA regulations or similar foreign regulations, which could cause our sales and profits to decline. We are subject to substantial regulation related to quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes. Our failure to comply with these standards could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages, personnel reductions, or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, cleared or approved or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. Off-label marketing of our products could result in substantial penalties. Laws regulating consumer contacts could adversely affect our business operations or create liabilities. Tax laws, regulations, and enforcement practices are evolving, are aggressively pursued in some jurisdictions, and may cause expense as well as management distraction, which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. We are subject to ongoing tax audits by local tax authorities, some of which are aggressively pursuing taxes on discontinued local operations. Sustainability and corporate governance issues are constantly evolving, leading to distraction and expense, and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reputation. Risks Related to the Securities Markets and Ownership of Our Common Stock Our quarterly operating results are subject to fluctuation for a variety of reasons. Our ability to sustain or grow dividends or repurchase shares is subject to board discretion. Delaware law and provisions in our charter could make it difficult for another company to acquire us. -26- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our inability to compete with new and existing technology to treat OSA successfully may harm our business. The geographic markets for our products, which encompass Sleep and Breathing Health products and Residential Care Software offerings, are highly competitive and are characterized by frequent product improvements and evolving technology, and new therapies, including existing and new pharmaceuticals. Our ability to compete successfully depends, in part, on our ability to develop, manufacture and sell innovative new products and to enhance existing products that treat OSA more effectively than competing treatments. For our Sleep and Breathing Health business, the development of innovative new products by our competitors or the discovery of alternative treatments or potential cures for the conditions that our products treat could make our products noncompetitive or obsolete. Current competitors, new entrants, academics, and others currently may be developing, or may develop, new devices, alternative treatments or cures, and targeted or indirect pharmaceutical solutions to the conditions our products treat that could provide better features, clinical outcomes or economic value than those that we currently offer or subsequently develop. For example, certain pharmaceutical treatments, such as GLP-1s currently approved to treat diabetes and for weight loss, may enhance patient health, lower the occurrence of obesity, or potentially reduce the severity or existence of OSA. For Residential Care Software, the demand for business management software is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, subject to changing technology, with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs, increased use of AI and frequent introductions of new products and services. Many prospective customers have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to create, implement and integrate their current business management software into their operations and, therefore, may be reluctant or unwilling to change from their current in-house solution or provider to one of our platforms or products. Additionally, some of our competitors, including those described above, have greater financial, research and development, manufacturing and marketing resources than we do. The past several years have seen a trend towards consolidation in the healthcare industry and in the geographic markets for our products. Industry consolidation could result in greater competition if our competitors combine their resources, if our competitors are acquired by other companies with greater resources than ours, or if our competitors become affiliated with customers of ours. The healthcare space is attractive to many companies, particularly new entrants interested in developing digital health models to compete with offerings of more established companies like us. Additionally, one of our competitors, Philips, continues to operate in the U.S. under a consent decree resulting from its product recall. We cannot predict the timing or nature of their substantial return or the impact to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The temporary ban against sales of Philips flow generators has provided an opportunity for smaller companies to compete for customers. Continuing competition could increase pressure on us to reduce the selling prices of our products or could cause us to increase our spending on research and development and sales and marketing. If we are unable to develop innovative new products, maintain competitive pricing, enhance existing products, and offer products that purchasers perceive to be as good as those of our competitors, including the use of pharmaceuticals, our sales and gross margins could decrease which would harm our business. Consolidation in the healthcare industry and healthcare payment reform could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Many HME providers, durable medical equipment (DME) suppliers, and residential health providers are consolidating, which may result in greater concentration of purchasing power. Numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators, and third-party payors to curb the rising cost of healthcare have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power where we sell our products and services. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services to industry participants may become more intense. These industry participants may try to use their market power to negotiate price concessions or volume reductions for medical devices and components produced by us. If we are forced to reduce our prices because of consolidation in the healthcare industry, our revenues may decrease and our consolidated earnings, financial condition, and/or cash flows may suffer. Global macroeconomic conditions, including the direct and indirect effects of inflation, supply chain disruptions, reciprocal tariffs, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Global economic conditions, geopolitical instability, the impact of tariffs and trade wars on our suppliers, and other macroeconomic factors, including inflation, supply chain disruptions, such as recent shipping disruptions in the Red Sea, interest rate and foreign currency rate fluctuations, and volatility in the capital markets could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The growth of our business and demand for our products and services are affected by changes in the health of the overall global economy. Deterioration in the global economic environment may cause decreased demand for our products and services which could result in lower product sales, services -27- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES revenue, lower prices for our products, or reduced reimbursement rates by third-party payors, while increasing the cost of operating our business. Macroeconomic conditions may impact our global supply chain, primarily through constraints on or increased cost of acquiring raw materials and electronic components. These constraints on raw materials and electronic components may also impact companies outside of our direct industry, which could result in a competitive supply environment causing higher costs, requiring us to commit to minimum purchase obligations as well as make upfront payments to our suppliers. These disruptions may impact our ability to produce and supply products in quantities necessary to satisfy customer demand, which could negatively impact our results of operations. Highly competitive and constrained supply chain conditions may increase our cost of sales, which may adversely impact our profitability. We sell our products in many countries, and we also source many components and materials for our products from and manufacture our products in various countries. Recently, the U.S. government imposed significant tariffs, as well as increases to existing tariffs, impacting a wide variety of goods across multiple countries and indicated that additional tariffs may be imposed in the near future. In response to the tariffs announced by the U.S., other countries have imposed, are considering imposing, and may in the future impose new or increased tariffs on certain exports from the U.S. The extent to which these threats will be enacted and the duration for which enacted tariffs will be in place remain uncertain and could lead to economic decline, which could negatively impact demand for our products and adversely affect our results of operations. Tariffs or trade restrictions that may be implemented by the U.S. or retaliatory trade measures or tariffs implemented by other countries could result in reduced economic activity, increased costs in operating our business, reduced demand and changes in purchasing behaviors for our customers, limits on trade with the U.S. or other potentially adverse economic outcomes. Additionally, specific legislative and regulatory proposals may be introduced to change international trade law, regulations or interpretations thereof (possibly with retroactive effect) of various jurisdictions or limit trade relief benefits that, if enacted, could materially increase the cost of our goods to export internationally, increase our effective tax rate, or have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operation. We cannot predict whether our own or industry initiatives to maintain, extend or create tariff relief for our products and manufacturing will be successful. We also cannot predict the effect, if any, of the imposition of new or increased tariffs by one country and retaliatory responses by other countries who are trade partners. It is possible that these changes could adversely affect our business beyond the resilience of our current supply chain and investment in manufacturing flexibility. Further, actions we take to adapt to new tariffs or trade restrictions may increase our costs or risks or may cause us to modify our operations, which could be time-consuming and expensive; impact pricing of our products, which could impact our sales, profitability, and our reputation; or cause us to forgo new business opportunities. While tariffs and other retaliatory trade measures imposed by other countries on U.S. goods and services have not yet had a significant impact on our business or results of operations, we cannot predict further developments, and such existing or future tariffs could have a material adverse effect on results of our operations, financial position and cash flows. Global economic conditions may impact foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. Although the majority of our net sales and cash generation have been made in the U.S., as our business in countries outside of the U.S. continues to increase, our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk related to our foreign sales and operations will increase. Fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies, primarily the Australian Dollar, Singapore Dollar, Euro, Chinese Yuan, and Canadian Dollar, have had and could in the future have an adverse effect on our financial results, including our net sales, margins, gains and losses, as well as on the values of our assets and liabilities. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed by the effects of pandemics, epidemics, or other public health crises. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, which have had and may have an adverse impact on certain aspects of our business in the future. The extent to which public health crises impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. These developments include, but are not limited to, actions taken to contain outbreaks or address their impact, the timing, distribution, and efficacy of treatments, and the imposition of government lockdowns, quarantine and physical distancing requirements. We are subject to various risks relating to international activities that could affect our overall profitability. We manufacture substantially all of our products outside the U.S. and sell a significant portion of our products outside the U.S. Sales in combined Europe, Asia and other regions accounted for approximately 36% and 36% of our net revenues in the -28- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES years ended June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively. Our sales and operations outside of the U.S. are subject to several difficulties and risks that are separate and distinct from those we face in the U.S., including: fluctuations in currency exchange rates; economic conditions such as inflation or recession; tariffs and other trade barriers; compliance with foreign medical device manufacturing regulations; difficulty in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; reduction in third-party payor reimbursement for our products; inability to obtain import licenses; the impact of public health epidemics/pandemics on the global economy; the impact of global geopolitical tensions and/or conflicts; changes in trade policies and in U.S. and foreign tax policies; possible changes in export or import restrictions; the modification or introduction of other governmental policies with potentially adverse effects; and limitations on our ability under local laws to protect our intellectual property. In December 2021, the U.S. adopted the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, or the UFLPA, which creates a rebuttable presumption that any goods, wares, articles, and merchandise mined, produced, or manufactured in whole or in part in the Xinjiang Uyghur Administrative Region of China, or that are produced by certain entities, are prohibited from importation into the U.S. and are not entitled to entry. These import restrictions came into effect in June 2022. Additionally, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in the implementation of sanctions by the U.S. and other governments against Russia and has caused significant volatility and disruptions globally. The conflict between Israel and Iran may lead to fluctuations in oil prices and global economic instability, resulting in higher supply and transportation costs. While we are not presently aware of any direct impacts these restrictions have had on our suppliers supply chains, disruptions resulting from the conflict in Iran and Ukraine and the UFLPA may materially and negatively impact our suppliers ability to obtain a sufficient supply of raw materials necessary to meet the quantity and/or timing of our product demands. Further, it is not possible to predict the short- and long-term implications of global conflict, which could include but are not limited to further sanctions, uncertainty about economic and political stability, increases in inflation rate and energy prices, cyber-attacks, supply chain challenges and adverse effects on currency exchange rates and financial markets. Our combined sales of medical devices into Iran, Russia and Ukraine did not constitute a material portion of our total revenue in fiscal year 2025. Further escalation of geopolitical tensions, or new geopolitical tensions, could have a broader impact that expands into other markets where we do business, which could adversely affect our business and/or our supply chain, business partners or customers in the broader region. We are continuing to monitor conflicts and geopolitical risks globally as well as assess the potential impact on our business. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our ability to increase or maintain our sales or otherwise have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our products are the subject of clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors, or other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable, or perceived as unfavorable, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As a part of the regulatory process to obtain marketing clearance or approval for new products and new indications for existing products, or for other reasons, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations, and trial endpoints. We, our competitors, or other third parties may also conduct clinical trials involving our commercially sold products. Clinical trials are very expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. The clinical trial process is also time consuming. Furthermore, failure can occur at any stage of the trials, and we could encounter problems that cause us to abandon or repeat clinical trials. The results of clinical trials may be unfavorable or -29- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES inconsistent with previous findings or could identify safety signals associated with our products. Current or future clinical trials may not meet primary endpoints, may reveal disadvantages of our products and solutions for various countries we address, or could generate unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data. Clinical data, or purchasers or regulatory bodies perception of the clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain product clearances or approvals, and our position in, and share of, the countries in which we sell our products. Moreover, if these clinical trials identify serious safety issues associated with our products, potentially adverse consequences could result, including that regulatory authorities could withdraw clearances or approvals of our products, we could be required to halt the marketing and sales of our products or recall our products, we could be required to update our product labeling with additional warnings, we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients, and our reputation may suffer. Any of these could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to potential product liability claims that may exceed the scope and amount of our insurance coverage, which would expose us to liability for uninsured claims. We are subject to potential product liability claims as a result of the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could result in the increase of our product liability insurance rates. In addition, we would have to pay any amount awarded by a court outside of our policy limits. Our insurance policies have various exclusions, and thus we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no insurance coverage, requiring us to pay the entire amount of any award. We cannot assure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or that all claims brought against us will be covered by our insurance and we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain insurance in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. A successful product liability claim brought against us in excess of our insurance coverage, if any, may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could harm our business. We may also be affected by the product recalls and other risks associated with the products of our competitors if customers and patients are uncertain if issues affecting our competitors may also affect us. Our intellectual property may not protect our products, and/or our products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. We rely on a combination of owned and licensed patents, trade secrets and non-disclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain U.S. and foreign patent protection for our products, their uses and our processes to preserve our trade secrets and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. We have in the past and may in the future be required to license patents and other intellectual property rights owned by other parties. We have pending patent applications, and we do not know whether any patents will issue from any of these applications. We do not know whether any of the claims in our issued patents or pending applications will provide us with any significant protection against competitive products or otherwise be commercially valuable. Legal standards regarding the validity of patents and the proper scope of their claims are still evolving, and there is no globally consistent law or policy regarding the breadth of valid claims. Additionally, there may be third-party patents, patent applications and other intellectual property held by entities much larger than us, that are relevant to our products and technology which are not known to us and that block or compete with our products. We face the risks that: third parties will infringe our intellectual property rights; our non-disclosure agreements will be breached; we will not have adequate remedies for infringement; our trade secrets will become known to or independently developed by our competitors; third parties will be issued patents that may prevent the sale of our products or require us to license and pay fees or royalties in order for us to be able to market some of our products; or third parties may assert patents and other intellectual property rights against our suppliers, causing interruption in supply of components or other essential inputs. Litigation may be necessary to enforce patents issued to us, to protect our proprietary rights, or to defend third-party claims that we have infringed on proprietary rights of others. If the outcome of any litigation, proceeding or claim brought against us were adverse, we could be subject to significant liabilities to third parties, could be required to obtain licenses from third parties, could be forced to design around the patents at issue or could be required to cease sales of the affected products. If we become involved in any intellectual property litigation, we may be required to pay substantial damages, including but not limited to treble damages, attorneys fees and costs, for past infringement, or could be at risk for an injunction if it is ultimately determined that our products infringe a third party s intellectual property rights. Even if infringement claims -30- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES against us are without merit, defending a lawsuit takes significant time, may be expensive and may divert management s attention from other business matters. In addition, a license may not be available at all or on commercially viable terms, and we may not be able to redesign our products to avoid infringement. Additionally, the laws regarding the enforceability of patents vary from country to country, and we cannot provide assurance that any patent issues we face will be uniformly resolved, or that local laws will provide us with consistent rights and benefits. If we fail to source, develop and retain key employees, our business may suffer. Our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to source and retain key employees, including people in senior management, sales, marketing, technology, and research and development positions. Competition for top talent in the healthcare, technology and Residential Care Software industries can be intense. Our ability to source and retain such talent will depend on many factors, including hiring practices of our competitors, compensation and benefits, flexibility regarding virtual and hybrid work arrangements, work location, work environment, industry economic conditions, and corporate culture. If we cannot effectively source, develop and retain qualified employees to drive our strategic goals, our business could suffer. Our leverage and debt service obligations could adversely affect our business. As of June 30, 2025, our total consolidated debt was $0.7 billion and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could have adverse consequences, including: making it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations; increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions; limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditure, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and exposing us to greater interest rate risk. Our debt service obligations will require us to use a portion of our operating cash flow to pay interest and principal in indebtedness, which could impede our growth. Our ability to make payments on, and to refinance, our indebtedness, and to fund capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We are subject to new areas of direct healthcare oversight by federal government agencies due to our acquisition of VirtuOx. In May 2025, we acquired VirtuOx, a software-enabled IDTF and provider of technology solutions to facilitate in-home and remote testing services for sleep, respiratory, cardiac, and other health conditions across the U.S. As a Medicare-enrolled IDTF, VirtuOx is subject to laws, regulations and policy pertaining to its Medicare enrollment, state Medicaid participation, and direct billing of both governmental and commercial insurance programs. These laws include but are not limited to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal civil and criminal False Claims Acts, the Civil Monetary Penalty Law s beneficiary inducement prohibition, and their state law equivalents. VirtuOx is also subject to HIPAA as a covered entity, which requires additional compliance efforts to meet all provisions under the HIPAA Privacy Rule and applicable requirements under the Electronic Standard Transactions Rule. As Resmed has historically only been subject to HIPAA as a business associate, these additional compliance requirements will require new policies, procedures, and data processing protocols, as well as the dedication of additional privacy, security and compliance personnel to ensure compliance with HIPAA. Further, VirtuOx s direct billing status increases its risk relative to Resmed under the healthcare fraud and abuse laws and false claims laws. IDTFs, in particular, have extensive Medicare participation, billing and documentation requirements that will require additional compliance and legal resources to ensure that ongoing operations comply with applicable laws. If we become the subject of a government investigation, payor audit, or whistleblower lawsuit based on an allegation of noncompliance with one or more of these requirements, we risk potential refund of overpayments, financial penalties for violations, potential removal of participation in federal, state, and/or commercial payor programs, negative publicity, loss of public trust, and diversion of management s time, attention and resources. Many of these risks exist even if we are able to successfully defend against such allegations. In the event that a violation is found, or we are forced to resolve a dispute with a governmental entity, our revenue, reputation, strategic goals, and business operations could suffer. -31- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Risks Related to Manufacturing, IT Systems, Commercial Operations and Plans for Future Growth Disruptions in the supply of components from our suppliers could result in a significant reduction in sales and profitability. We purchase configured components for our devices from various suppliers, including some who are single-source suppliers for us. Disruptions in the price or supply of configured components may limit our ability to manufacture our devices in a timely or cost-effective manner, which could result in a significant reduction in sales and profitability. We cannot assure that a replacement supplier would be able to configure its components for our devices on a timely basis or, in the alternative, that we would be able to reconfigure our devices to integrate the replacement part. A reduction, delay or halt in supply while a replacement supplier reconfigures its components, or while we reconfigure our devices for the replacement part, may limit our ability to manufacture our devices in a timely or cost-effective manner, which could result in a significant reduction in sales and profitability. We cannot assure that our inventories would be adequate to meet our production needs during any prolonged interruption of supply. In particular, export controls and other trade restrictions on rare earth materials from China could limit the availability and increase the cost of key inputs in our supply chain. Recently, China s Ministry of Commerce introduced license requirements and volume caps covering these materials and certain finished magnet products, while reserving the right to suspend or reinstate them at any time. Such controls, combined with other geopolitical tensions, retaliatory tariffs or logistics disruptions may result in our suppliers being impacted by supply shortages or sharp price increases for the magnets on which many components depend. Because these magnets are integral to various assemblies used in our products, any sustained disruption could require us to absorb higher costs, qualify alternative sources or materials, redesign components, build strategic inventory, or adjust production schedules, each of which could delay deliveries, compress margins, and erode our competitive position. Prolonged or repeated interruptions could also lead to accelerated capital expenditures on supply-chain diversification, or necessitate contractual concessions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, substantial increases in product demand, including in response to a product recall by a major competitor, Philips, have resulted and could continue to result in higher costs for materials and components, and increased expenditures for freight and other expenses, which have and could continue to negatively impact our profit margins. If supply constraints continue, our ability to meet increased demand and our corresponding ability to sell affected products may be materially reduced. The reintroduction of products by Philips could lead to reduced demand for our products. We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure. Failed, substandard or delayed efforts to improve our IT System infrastructure may result in disruption to our business or materially increased costs. We rely on information technology systems and infrastructure, including technologies and services provided by third parties, to support our business processes and activities, products and customers. Our business therefore depends on effective, reliable and secure operation of our technology systems and related infrastructure. These technology systems are potentially vulnerable to obsolescence, breakdown or other interruption by fire, power loss, system malfunction, unauthorized access, migration or updates, and other events. Likewise, data privacy breaches by employees and others with both permitted and unauthorized access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public, or may be permanently lost. While we have invested heavily in upgrading our systems, as well as the protection of data and information technology and related training, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent significant breakdowns, breaches in our systems or other cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect upon the reputation, business, operations or financial condition of the company. In addition, significant implementation issues may arise as we continue to upgrade, consolidate and outsource certain computer operations and application support activities. Actual or attempted breaches of security, unauthorized disclosure of information, attacks which reduce availability of systems such as denial of service, or the perception that personal and/or other sensitive or confidential information in our possession is not secure, could result in a material loss of business, substantial legal liability or significant harm to our reputation. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer and information technology systems and those of our vendors and customers are vulnerable to attack and damage from computer viruses, malware, denial of service attacks, unauthorized access, or other harm, including from threat actors seeking to cause disruption to our business. We face risks related to the protection of information that we maintain or a third-party engaged to maintain information security on our behalf including unauthorized access, acquisition, use, disclosure, or modification of such information. Cyberattacks are increasing in frequency, sophistication and intensity and have become increasingly difficult to detect and respond to. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful -32- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. Such cyberattacks increasingly exploit AI and machine-learning techniques ranging from generative-AI phishing and deep-fake impersonations to automated vulnerability discovery, adaptive malware and large-scale credential-stuffing campaigns each of which can evolve rapidly to evade traditional security controls. A material cyberattack or security incident could cause interruptions in our operations and could result in a material disruption of our business operations, damage to our reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. We receive, collect, process, use and store a large amount of information from our customers, our patients and our own employees, including personal information, intellectual property, protected health and other sensitive and confidential information. This data is often accessed by us through transmissions over public and private networks, including the internet. The secure transmission of such information over the Internet and other mechanisms is essential to maintain confidence in our information technology systems yet is vulnerable to unauthorized access and disclosure. We have implemented security measures, technical controls and contractual precautions designed to identify, detect and prevent unauthorized access, alteration, use or disclosure of our customers , patients and employees data. The techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time and we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. We may face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our employees who are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities to exploit vulnerabilities. Beyond external activity, systems that access or control access to our services and databases may be compromised as a result of human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. Because the techniques used to circumvent security systems can be highly sophisticated and change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target, and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address all possible threats or implement adequate preventive measures for all situations. If threat actors circumvent or breach our security systems, they could steal information or cause serious and potentially long-lasting disruption to our operations. Security breaches or attempts could also damage our reputation and expose us to a risk of monetary loss and/or litigation, fines and sanctions. We also face risks associated with security breaches affecting third parties that conduct business with us or our customers and others who interact with our data. While we maintain insurance that covers certain security incidents, we may not carry enough insurance or maintain sufficient coverage to compensate for all potential liability. We are subject to diverse laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security, including HIPAA and GDPR, among others. Complying with these numerous and complex regulations is expensive and difficult, and failure to comply could result in regulatory scrutiny, fines, civil liability or damage to our reputation. In addition, any security breach or attempt could result in liability for stolen assets or information, additional costs associated with repairing any system damage, incentives offered to customers or other business partners to maintain business relationships after a breach, and implementation of measures to prevent future breaches, including organizational changes, deployment of additional personnel and protection technologies, employee training and engagement of third-party experts and consultants. The costs incurred to remediate any security incident could be substantial. We cannot assure that our third-party service providers with access to our, or our customers, patients and/or employees personally identifiable and other sensitive or confidential information will not experience actual or attempted security breaches, which could have a negative effect on our business. We may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions, which could adversely affect our operating results. Part of our growth strategy includes acquiring businesses consistent with our commitment to innovation in developing products for the diagnosis and treatment of sleep apnea and related breathing health as well as our Residential Care Software business. The success of our acquisitions depends, in part, on our ability to successfully identify, acquire and integrate the business and operations of the target companies. Additionally, our management may have attention diverted while trying to integrate acquisitions. If we are not able to successfully integrate the operations of acquisitions, we may not realize the anticipated benefits fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. Acquisitions involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. As noted above, our acquisition of VirtuOx involves the undertaking of additional risk areas and the investment of additional resources and personnel to manage that risk. It is possible that our return on investment is not realized given our investment of such additional -33- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES resources. There can be no assurance that any of the acquisitions we make will be successful or will be, or will remain, profitable. Moreover, we have recorded intangible assets, including goodwill, in connection with our acquisitions. At least on an annual basis, we must evaluate whether facts and circumstances demonstrate any impairment of the value of acquired intangible assets. The qualitative and quantitative analysis used to test goodwill is dependent upon various considerations and assumptions, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market characteristics, projections of acquired companies future revenue, discount rates, and expectations of future cash flows. While we have made such assumptions in good faith and believe them to be reasonable, the assumptions may turn out to be materially inaccurate, including for reasons beyond our control. Changes in such assumptions may cause a change in circumstances demonstrating that the carrying value of intangible assets may be impaired. Consequently, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in the financial statements during the period in which any impairment of intangible assets is determined. If we are unable to support our continued growth or achieve expected operating efficiencies, our business could suffer. As we continue to grow, the complexity of our operations increases, placing greater demands on our management. Our ability to manage our growth effectively depends on our ability to implement and improve our financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to effect other changes in our business including the ability to monitor and improve manufacturing systems, and implement information technology, and quality and regulatory compliance systems, among others. Unexpected difficulties during upgrades, expansion, the failure to attract and retain qualified employees, the failure to successfully replace or upgrade our management information systems, the failure to manage costs or our inability to respond effectively to growth or plan for future expansion could cause our growth to slow or stop. We continually assess opportunities for improved operational efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, product and technology acquisitions and our people, which we believe is important to our long-term success. As a result of these assessments, there have been, and may in the future be, restructuring activities, realignment of strategies and cost reduction initiatives. These measures could yield unintended consequences, such as distraction of our management and employees, reduced employee productivity, business disruption, and inability to attract or retain key personnel, which could negatively affect our business. Moreover, our restructuring and optimization initiatives could incur additional costs which impact our operating results. We cannot guarantee that the activities under our restructuring plans or other initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings. If we fail to manage our growth effectively and efficiently, our costs could increase faster than our revenues and our business results could suffer. In addition, productivity initiatives may at times involve reorganization or relocation of manufacturing activities. Such manufacturing realignment may result in the interruption of production, which could increase our costs and reduce our sales. Any interruption in production capability could require us to make substantial capital expenditures to fill customer orders, which could negatively affect our profitability and financial condition. Our business depends on our ability to market effectively to dealers of home healthcare products, sleep clinics, and physicians. We market our products and services primarily to HME providers, sleep clinics, and physicians that diagnose OSA and other sleep disorders, as well as to non-sleep specialist physician practices that diagnose and treat sleep disorders in the course of providing primary care to patients. We believe that these groups play a significant role in determining which brand or type of product a patient will use. The success of our business depends on our ability to market effectively to these groups to ensure that our products are properly prescribed, marketed and sold by these third parties. We have limited resources to market to physicians, sleep clinics, HME provider branch locations and to the non-sleep specialists, most of whom use, sell or recommend several brands of products, therapies and additional services. We are limited under applicable fraud and abuse laws in the ways in which we market and sell to customers, prescribers, and patients. In addition, HME providers have experienced price pressures as government and third-party reimbursement has declined for home healthcare products, and HME providers are requiring price discounts and longer periods of time to pay for products purchased from us. We cannot assure that physicians will continue to prescribe our products or recommend our services, or that HME providers or patients will not substitute competing products when a prescription specifying our products has been written. -34- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES We have expanded our marketing activities in some areas to target the population with a predisposition to sleep-disordered breathing as well as primary care physicians and various medical specialists. We cannot assure that these marketing efforts will be successful in increasing awareness or sales of our products and services. The success of our software offerings depends substantially on customers entering, renewing, upgrading and expanding their agreements for cloud services, term licenses, and maintenance and support agreements with us. Any decline in our customer renewals, upgrades or expansions could adversely affect our future operating results. We typically enter into term-based agreements for our licensed on-premises offerings, cloud services, and maintenance and support services, which customers have discretion to renew or terminate. To improve our operating results, it is important that new customers enter into renewable agreements, and our existing customers renew, upgrade and expand their term-based agreements when the initial contract term expires. Our customers have no obligation to renew, upgrade or expand their agreements with us after the terms have expired. Our customers renewal, upgrade and expansion rates may decline or fluctuate for a number of factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our offerings, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions, competitive offerings or alterations or reductions in our customers spending levels. If our customers do not renew, upgrade or expand their agreements with us or renew on terms less favorable to us, our revenues may decline. If our software products fail to perform properly or if we fail to develop enhancements, we could lose customers, become subject to service performance or warranty claims and our sales could decline. Our Residential Care Software operations are dependent upon our ability to prevent system interruptions and, as we continue to grow, we will need to devote additional resources to improving our infrastructure to maintain the performance of our products and solutions. The applications underlying our Residential Care Software products are inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, which may cause disruptions in availability or other performance problems. We have from time to time found defects in our products and may discover additional defects in the future that could result in data unavailability, unauthorized access to, loss, corruption or other harm to our customers data. While we implement bug fixes and upgrades as part of our regularly scheduled system maintenance, we may not be able to detect and correct defects or errors before implementing our products and solutions. Consequently, we or our customers may discover defects or errors after our products and solutions have been deployed. If we fail to perform timely maintenance, or if customers are otherwise dissatisfied with the frequency and/or duration of our maintenance services and related system outages, our existing customers could elect not to renew their contracts, delay or withhold payment, or potential customers may not adopt our products and solutions and our brand and reputation could be harmed. In addition, the occurrence of any material defects, errors, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our software could result in warranty or other legal claims against us and diversion of our resources. The costs incurred in addressing and correcting any material defects or errors in our software and expanding our infrastructure and architecture in order to accommodate increased demand for our products and solutions may be substantial and could adversely affect our operating results. Further, if we fail to innovate or adequately invest in new technologies, we could lose our competitive position in the markets that we serve. To the extent that we fail to introduce new and innovative products, or such products are not accepted or suffer significant delays in development, our financial results may suffer. An inability, for technological or other reasons, to successfully develop and introduce new products on a timely basis could reduce our growth rate or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. If there are interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology or infrastructure, our existing software customers may experience service outages, and our new customers may experience delays in the deployment of our platforms. We depend on services from various third parties as well as our own technical operations infrastructure to distribute our Residential Care Software products via the internet. If a service provider fails to provide sufficient capacity to support our platforms or otherwise experiences service outages, such failure could interrupt our customers access to our service, which could adversely affect their perception of our platform s reliability and our revenues. Any disruptions in these services, including as a result of actions outside of our control, would significantly impact the continued performance of our Residential Care Software products. In the future, these services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of these services could result in decreased functionality of our Residential Care Software products until equivalent technology is either developed by us or, if available from another provider, is identified, obtained and integrated into our infrastructure. To meet our business needs, we must maintain sufficient excess capacity in our operations infrastructure to ensure that our Residential Care Software products are accessible. Design and mechanical errors, spikes in usage volume and failure to follow system protocols and procedures could cause our systems to fail, resulting in interruptions in our Residential Care Software products. Any interruptions or delays in our service, whether caused by our products, or as a result of third-party -35- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES error, our own error, natural disasters or security breaches, whether accidental or willful, could harm our relationships with customers and cause our revenue to decrease and/or our expenses to increase. Any of the above circumstances or events may harm our reputation, cause customers to terminate their agreements, impair our ability to obtain contract renewals from existing customers, impair our ability to grow our customer base, result in the expenditure of significant financial, technical and engineering resources, subject us to financial penalties and liabilities under our service level agreements, and otherwise harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Climate change and natural disasters, or other events beyond our control, could negatively impact our business operations and financial condition. Natural disasters and other business disruptions could adversely affect our business and financial condition, and global climate change could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. The impacts of climate change may include physical risks (such as frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (including due to regulatory changes), shifts in market trends (including customer preference for sustainably produced or reusable products) and other adverse effects. Such impacts may disrupt parties in our supply chain, our customers, and our operations. For example, if a natural disaster strikes our manufacturing facilities, such as those in Sydney, Australia and Singapore which are vulnerable to such events, we may be unable to manufacture our products for a substantial amount of time and our sales and profitability may decline. Our facilities and the manufacturing equipment we use to produce our products would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead-time to repair or replace. In the event our facilities are affected by natural or man-made disasters, we could be forced to rely on third-party manufacturers. Although we believe we possess adequate insurance for the disruption of our business, it may not be sufficient to cover our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, the increasing concern over climate change has resulted and may continue to result in more legal and regulatory reporting requirements on the risks and costs of effects of climate change on the environment, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions and related reporting requirements, alternative energy policies and sustainability initiatives. If such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet the regulatory obligations, as well as adverse impacts on the availability of raw materials, manufacturing operations and the distribution of our products, which could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Risks Related to Non-Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Healthcare Industry Shifts Healthcare reform or other cost-cutting measures, including changes in coverage policy for our products and services, by government or commercial payors may have a material adverse effect on our industry and our results of operations. In March 2010, the ACA was signed into law in the U.S. The ACA made changes, effective over time, that significantly impacted the healthcare industry, including medical device manufacturers. One of the principal purposes of the ACA was to expand health insurance coverage to millions of Americans who were uninsured. The ACA required adults not covered by an employer or government-sponsored insurance plan to maintain health insurance coverage or pay a penalty, a provision commonly referred to as the individual mandate. The ACA also contained provisions designed to generate the revenues necessary to fund the coverage expansions. This included new fees or taxes on certain health-related industries, including medical device manufacturers. Beginning in 2013, entities that manufacture, produce or import medical devices were required to pay an excise tax in an amount equal to 2.3% of the price for such devices sold in the U.S. This excise tax was applicable to our products that are primarily used in hospitals and sleep labs, which includes ApneaLink, VPAP Tx and certain breathing health products. Through a series of legislative amendments, the tax was suspended beginning in 2016, and permanently repealed effective January 1, 2020. In addition to the competitive bidding changes discussed above, the ACA also included, among other things, the implementation of new payment methodologies for voluntary coordination of care by groups of providers, such as physicians and hospitals, and the establishment of a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify, prioritize and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research. The increased funding and focus on comparative clinical effectiveness research, which compares and evaluates the risks and benefits, clinical outcomes, effectiveness and appropriateness of products, may result in changes to Federal healthcare program coverage and reimbursement methodologies for our products and services which could also lead to lower reimbursements for our products and services by payors and decreased revenues to us. -36- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Other federal legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. The Budget Control Act of 2011 required, among other things, mandatory across-the-board reductions in certain types of federal spending, also known as sequestration. Medicare claims with dates-of-service or dates-of-discharge on or after July 1, 2022 and effective until further notice, incur a 2% reduction in Medicare payment, known as Medicare Sequestration Payment Reductions. In addition, on January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, was signed into law, which further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. More recently, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2024 (CAA) was signed into law in March 2024. Among other things, the CAA reduced by half the 3.37% reduction to 2023 s Medicare Physician Fee Schedule conversion factor that had been in place since January 1, 2024, increasing the conversion factor to $33.32 for services furnished between March 9 and December 31, 2024. On November 1, 2024, CMS issued a rule finalizing changes for Medicare payments under the PFS and other Medicare Part B policies, effective on or after January 1, 2025. Under this final rule, the average payment rates under the PFS would be reduced by 2.93% in CY 2025, removing the temporary increase in payment for CY 2024. This amounts to an estimated CY 2025 PFS conversion factor of $32.35, resulting in lower Medicare payments to Part B suppliers. Notably, however, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, includes a 1-year, 2.5% increase to the PFS for 2026, which temporarily addresses the 2025 payment cuts. Additionally, the Medicare telehealth flexibilities under the COVID-19 public health emergency are set to expire at the end of 2025. Without Congressional action, Medicare will no longer cover most telehealth services furnished to beneficiaries in their home or to individuals residing in urban areas after the end of the year which could have an adverse impact on rates of diagnosis of OSA. In 2022, the VA proposed an adjustment through regulation to amend the previously adopted schedule of VA ratings for sleep apnea. Specifically, the proposed rule would remove in its entirety the current 30% disability rating for veterans exhibiting excessive daytime sleepiness and replace it with a 10% disability rating for veterans with a sleep apnea diagnosis with incomplete relief (as determined by a sleep study) with treatment including a CPAP machine, and further, remove the automatic 50% disability rating for veterans with a documented need for a CPAP machine (50% disability would instead require that the veteran have a sleep apnea diagnosis with ineffective treatment, as determined by a sleep study, or who is unable to use treatment due to comorbid conditions, without end-organ damage). The VA has not yet changed its ratings criteria, but it could happen this year. If the changes are implemented, veterans who were rated for sleep apnea before the change in criteria will be grandfathered and retain their rating. However, all veterans filing new claims on and after the change in ratings criteria would be evaluated under the new criteria. The VA has not yet adopted these changes to the disability ratings system for sleep apnea but should this proposal, or another similar proposal to limit disability ratings be adopted, fewer veterans may pursue treatment of sleep apnea using CPAP or more veterans would claim ineffective treatment with CPAP to obtain the higher rating. On June 9, 2025, CMS released long-awaited Medicare guidance on coverage and reimbursement for respiratory assist devices with bi-level capacity and mechanical ventilators when used in the home for the treatment of chronic respiratory failure consequent to COPD; a new CMS national coverage determination is expected in September 2025. Although national reimbursement criteria may ease existing reimbursement uncertainty over these items for this indication, it is unclear how national coverage criteria and associated documentation requirements will impact providers and suppliers who invoice Medicare directly; third-party payors may also follow suit in implementing similar policies. On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed the budget reconciliation bill (entitled One Big Beautiful Bill Act , referred to herein as the Bill ) to meet spending targets aimed at funding the Trump Administration s domestic priorities that includes significant changes to the Medicaid program. A July 21, 2025 estimate by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) indicates that the bill will reduce the federal deficit by $366 billion over the next 10 years, due to decreased direct spending. Earlier June 2025 CBO preliminary estimates also showed that the Medicaid provisions of the bill would reduce Medicaid spending by approximately $1 trillion and would increase the number of people without health insurance by at least 11.8 million by 2034. Some key proposed changes to the Medicaid Program include, but are not limited to: work requirements; cost sharing of up to $35 per service on expansion adults who exceed the official poverty threshold; stricter eligibility requirements for non-U.S. citizens; requirements for states to conduct eligibility redeterminations at least every 6 months for Medicaid expansion adults; and prohibitions on states from establishing any new provider taxes or from increasing the rates of existing taxes, among other changes. Decreased federal funding and stricter eligibility requirements may result in more restrictive Medicaid programs at the state level and less individuals eligible for coverage, which could have an adverse impact on the number of individuals who seek to use our products and services. -37- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Despite the ACA going into effect over a decade ago, there have been numerous legal and Congressional challenges to the law s provisions and the effects of certain provisions has made compliance costly. For instance, changes to the ACA included in the Bill, such as shortening enrollment periods and eliminating automatic re-enrollment, could reduce overall ACA enrollment. We expect material changes in health policy, enforcement initiatives, and coverage and reimbursement for health care items and services from the Trump Administration and Congress. As such, our costs to monitor these changes and respond to new requirements are expected to increase. The full impact on our business of the ACA, the Medicare Sequestration Payment Reductions, VA disability ratings criteria, Medicaid funding, and other new laws is uncertain. Nor is it clear whether other legislative changes will be adopted, if any, or how such changes would affect the demand for our products and services. Future actions by the Administration and the U.S. Congress could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. It is unclear exactly how the new presidential administration will impact healthcare reform measures or what new cost-saving measures could be implemented, including what, if any, impact such changes will have on our business. We cannot predict what additional new legislation, agency priorities, and rulemaking may be on the horizon as the U.S. continues to reassess how it pays for healthcare. As a result, we cannot quantify or predict what impact any changes might have on our business and results of operations. However, any changes that lower reimbursement for our products or services could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Various healthcare reform proposals have also emerged at the state level within the U.S. The ACA as well as other federal and/or state healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, singularly or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Government and private insurance plans may not adequately reimburse our customers for our products, which could result in reductions in sales or selling prices for our products. Our ability to sell our products depends in large part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. These third-party payors are increasingly challenging the reimbursement models and prices charged for medical products and services and can, without notice, deny or reduce coverage for our products or treatments that may include the use of our products. Therefore, even if a product is approved for marketing, we cannot assure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for the product, that reimbursement will be adequate or that the reimbursement amount, even if initially adequate, will not be subsequently reduced. For example, in some countries, such as Spain, France and Germany, government coverage and reimbursement are currently available for the purchase or rental of our products but are subject to constraints such as price controls or unit sales limitations. In other countries, such as Australia, there is currently limited or no reimbursement for devices that treat sleep apnea conditions. As we continue to develop new products, those products will generally not qualify for coverage and reimbursement until they are approved for marketing, if at all. In the U.S., we sell our products primarily to HME providers, health systems and sleep clinics. Reductions in reimbursement to our customers by third-party payors, if they occur, may have a material impact on our customers and, therefore, may indirectly affect our pricing and sales to, or the collectability of receivables we have from, those customers. A development negatively affecting reimbursement stems from the Medicare competitive bidding program mandated by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA). Under the program, our customers who provide services must compete to offer products in designated competitive bidding areas, or CBAs. The competitive bidding program is currently on temporary pause; however, CMS could restart the program as part of further cost-cutting measures. We cannot predict the status or impact the competitive bidding program and the developments in the competitive bidding program will have on our business and financial condition. If changes are made to this program in the future, it could affect amounts being recovered by our customers and subsequent purchases from us. In addition, our products are the subject of periodic studies by third party agencies, including the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) and the Institute for Clinical and Economic Review (ICER) in the U.S., intended to review the comparative effectiveness of different treatments of the same illness. In October 2022, the AHRQ concluded that randomized controlled clinical trials do not provide sufficient evidence that CPAP affects long-term clinically important outcomes. We believe that the AHRQ methodology was too restrictive, that retrospective and prospective observational studies should have been included, that real-world evidence should have been considered, and that CPAP therapy does have long-term positive effects on health outcomes. Although the results of comparative effectiveness studies are not intended to mandate any reimbursement policies for public or private payors, it is not clear what, if any, effect such research will have on the sales of our products. To date, the AHRQ assessment has not impacted CMS or private payor -38- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES reimbursement. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for our products or a decision by a third-party payor to not cover our products as a result of a third-party study could have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to various risks relating to our compliance with fraud and abuse laws and transparency laws relating to our interactions with our customers, healthcare providers, and patients, which could subject us to government investigation, litigation, or other penalties to the extent our activities or relationships are found not to comply or could otherwise cause us to incur significant costs to defend our actions, and could result in substantial fines, penalties, harm our reputation in the market, divert our management s attention, or result in changes in our business operations that could harm our ability to successfully market and sell our products and services. We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by federal, state and foreign governments, which could significantly impact our business. We also are subject to foreign fraud and abuse laws, which vary by country. In the U.S., the laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering, or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate the Anti-Kickback Statute itself to have committed a violation. The U.S. government has interpreted this law broadly to apply to the marketing and sales activities of manufacturers and distributors like us. Violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute may result in significant civil monetary penalties for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved, plus potential exclusion from participation in Federal healthcare programs. Violations of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute can also result in significant criminal penalties and imprisonment; federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalty laws, that prohibit, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval to the federal government that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making a false statement material to an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government. These laws may apply to manufacturers and distributors who provide information on coverage, coding, and reimbursement of their products to persons who do bill third-party payors. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. Violations can result in debarment, suspension or exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. When an entity is determined to have violated the federal civil False Claims Act, the government may impose significant civil fines and penalties for each false claim, plus treble damages, and exclude the entity from participation
