 Losses (ECL) across the Group. In 2023, the Risk and Compliance functions, ensuring the full protection of the Group from both team, boasting 72 professionals responsible for identifying, division renewed its ISO 31000:2018 certificate, which provides conventional and emerging risks. Financial Statements overseeing, and mitigating the Group’s operational, liquidity, guidelines for managing any form of risk in a systematic, market, and credit risks. Together, the teams advise the Firm’s transparent, and credible manner within different scopes and Reporting to the Group’s Audit Committee, the Internal Audit businesses, manage inquiries, educate staff on policies and contexts. This marked the achievement of being the first Egyptian function conducts intermittent inspections and systemic procedures, and conduct the surveillance and testing of the financial institution to achieve ISO 31000:2018 Enterprise Risk evaluations in alignment with the committee’s pre-approved Firm’s risk management infrastructure under the supervision Management Conformity by the British Standards Institution (BSI) annual plan. To ensure the reviewing process is at maximum of the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer. for the second consecutive year. efficiency, the function carries out frequent reviews with the Firm’s departments in accordance with each function’s risk 2023 Operational Highlights The department has also achieved the renewal of the ISO level and the internal scores awarded in the previous review. In 2023, EFG Holding’s Risk team conducted business 22301:2012 certification for the seventh consecutive year. The Accordingly, high- and medium-risk departments are reviewed continuity drills to ensure group-wide business continuity and Group has also successfully obtained an investment banking on an annual basis, and low-risk departments are reviewed to mitigate related risks, and it conducted evacuations drills to license in the UAE to expand operations. This aligns with the every other year, except for regulated entities that are required ensure employee safety. On the other hand, the Compliance goal to enhance business continuity drills across countries to be reviewed annually. Additionally, the division conducts team conducted extensive compliance reviews to ensure of operation, with continuous improvements and updates follow-ups on previous audit findings to ensure they have been compliance with the local rules and regulations and group implemented across the entire Group. appropriately addressed and corrected. It also provides a wide array of services, including in-depth operational assessments, various functions to enhance processes and to effectively store, At a Glance evaluations of depar tmental adherence to regulator y analyze, and process the vast quantity of financial data related to requirements, and monitoring of corporate governance, various Group operations across its footprint, allowing for a more Strategic Direction as well as strategic consultation to the business without accurate and efficient auditing process. EFG Hermes compromising the function’s independence. Employee Awareness EFG Finance At present, the Group’s Internal Audit team is made up of nine centralized auditors covering investment banking and NBFI As EFG Holding continues to grow, it is essential to aiBANK activities and 37 auditors covering microfinance services. communicate organization-wide strategies, policies, and procedures to employees. This will help promote transparency Our Controls 2023 Operational Highlights and integrity across all levels of the organization. In alignment During 2023, the Internal Audit function successfully completed with this, the Risk and Compliance Department is committed Our Team its annual audit plan. At the same time, and in coordination with to participating in HR onboarding processes and conducting Outlook CSI the division, Ernst and Young’s (EY) regional office concluded the orientation sessions for recruits on audit, compliance, and risk- full audit of EFG Holding’s systems, applications, networks, and related issues to ensure consistent alignment with the Group’s Moving forward into 2024, the Risk and Compliance Department Financial Statements infrastructure, with the results of the audit to be reported to the operational frameworks. and the Internal Audit Division aim to streamline operations Group’s Audit Committee. and enhance operational efficiencies across the Group. On the To guarantee that all employees develop a comprehensive compliance side, the function continues to obtain licenses that To be aligned with the Group’s ESG policies and strategies, the level of understanding on critical subjects, the Firm conducts enable the department to support the Firm’s expansions. As Internal Audit Department has included procedures related to mandatory training courses that delve into key issues, such as such, and as the Group continues to delve into new markets and ESG policies and practices in each business line’s audit program financial crime, fraud prevention, general data protection reg- new lines of business, the Risk and Compliance Department to ensure full conformity. ulations (GDPR), cybersecurity, and ESG awareness, under the will continue to work together with other divisions to ensure supervision of the Compliance function. The Risk and Compli- new products, continuity of business lines, and subsidiaries — The division continued to use TeamMate — a bespoke digital tool ance Group was responsible for overseeing the AML, GDPR, particularly in the Investment Bank and NBFI platform arms — are introduced as part of EFG Holding’s wider digital transformation and Anti-fraud course. By the end of 2023, EFG Holding had seamlessly integrated into EFG Holding’s control frameworks, and strategy — to solidify EFG Holding’s leading position as a digitally conducted five mandatory training courses to 879 employees that any new laws and regulations regarding these expansions integrated financial services group. It is used across the Firm’s over the course of 4,379 hours of training during the year. are accurately reflected and addressed. OUR TEAM At a Glance OUR Strategic Direction EFG Hermes PEOPLE EFG Finance aiBANK Our Controls Our Team As the Firm celebrates 40 years of success, it’s only fitting to explore the CSI main element and instigator of this success: the first “P,” without which, none of the others are possible. Financial Statements We believe that a big part of EFG Holding’s success is its early realization that without a strong people culture, success would be difficult to come by and sustain. With that in mind, while building the business, its products, and its footprint, EFG Holding spared no effort in also building its most prized asset — its people. Hiring the Best At a Glance As a true business partner supporting and fueling the business’s all segments, most notably as part of The Academy by EFG EFG Holding has consistently Strategic Direction success, the HR division at EFG Holding has consistently Holding. Our conviction that management and leadership refined and adjusted its EFG Hermes refined and adjusted its talent acquisition strategy to match prowess are as critical as technical know-how was the fuel talent acquisition strategy the pace, evolving needs, and growth initiatives across the behind the conceptualization of The Academy, which has seen EFG Finance different regions we were expanding into and businesses we 140 employees graduate through various levels in the five years to match the pace, evolving were building. Regularly assessing our go-to-market people it’s been in operation. needs, and growth initiatives aiBANK strategy, we’ve consistently attracted and retained the best and across the different regions brightest. Placing as much emphasis on cultural fit as we do on In keeping with the changes in the Firm’s scope of business and Our Controls technical capability, the Firm continues to attract graduates of the needs of the modern workforce, the Firm has, over the years, we were expanding into and Our Team the top schools and veterans of the industry’s international and consistently reviewed, assessed, and adjusted its approach to businesses we were building. regional peers. We’re also proud to have increased our hiring of learning and development. We’ve moved far away from the early CSI females by 156% over the last 10 years. days of reactive fulfillment of learning requirements and playing catch up with the business’s requirements to a more proactive We’ve automated simple processes and complex workflows. Financial Statements Growing, Rewarding, & Keeping the Best one, working alongside the business in identifying learning We’ve implemented third-party tech services and built topics and giving power to employees to take control of their applications and tech platforms from scratch. We’ve migrated Our belief in and commitment to promoting from within and own professional growth and shaping their EFG DNA. Reframing to a sophisticated HRMIS that can handle all the jurisdictions giving ample room for growth is no secret; 77% of our Executive the conversation and capturing requirements from both ends of we operate in and continue to ensure that we have an organized Committee have risen through the ranks throughout their 15+ years the spectrum have enriched the quality of our annual learning and integrated data hub for all these systems, allowing us to with the Firm. And it doesn’t stop there: looking at our department catalogue significantly, leaving employees feeling empowered. capitalize on the enormous amount of data we mine. heads and Managing Directors, 75% are in-house talent that have spent over 10 years with EFG Holding and are growing professionally Tech-Savvy & Data Rich Our strong technology infrastructure has made it easy for us in recognition of their competence and performance. to address the critical need for enhanced data analytics in all Whether streamlining processes for the HR team to ensure aspects of HR. With the fast pace of growth, be it in business To fuel such organic growth, and in keeping with EFG’s Holding’s efficiency, effectiveness, and more time to spend on value- lines or geographies, it’s become critical for us to be one step belief in the importance of professional development, the Firm adding HR initiatives or making (corporate) life easy for ahead. Coupling the power of tools, such as Power BI, with has continued to enhance its learning and development budget, employees and managers so they can focus on generating the wealth of data we sit on has enabled us to plan more which has seen a 200% increase in the last five years alone. value for the Firm and its clients, technology has been a strategically, refine many aspects of our work, completely This has enabled us to work with the best learning partners in mainstay of our HR advancement agenda. revamp others, and introduce new elements. Thinking Globally, Acting Locally HR of the Future At a Glance EFG Holding’s geographic expansion to multiple regions and physical presence. For the first time, being consistent and delivering While it is completely natural, given the Firm’s 40-year milestone, Strategic Direction countries has meant that HR has had to adapt its mindset and the same HR experience actually meant, in some cases, that we to look back on our achievements, the best way to honor our rich EFG Hermes approach. Understanding the countries we set up businesses needed to do things differently; we needed to retain the EFG Holding past is to plan for an even stronger future, one that acknowledges in went beyond learning what the labor law dictates and what philosophy, but we still needed to enact it in a way that worked for the Firm’s (and HR’s) past achievements and learns from them EFG Finance paperwork we needed to be on top of. It was, and continues to be, them. Be it understanding the talent landscape, the best service while enriching them. important to us that we deliver the same HR experience no matter providers, the benefits employees appreciate, or the regulatory aiBANK the location. Easier said than done, no doubt, given the cultural requirements, HR has exerted tremendous effort throughout the Planning for the future doesn’t necessarily mean doing things nuances of each location and the fact that HR may not have a years to support the Firm’s employees wherever they may be. differently; one thing we will continue to capture in all our plans Our Controls is our people centricity; be it employee well-being or employee development, they continue to be cornerstones in our strategy. Our Team The Academy is undergoing a structural refresh to ensure it stays CSI relevant to our changing business needs, which, in turn, means the programs it launches will see significant enhancements. We’re also Financial Statements working on a more comprehensive approach to employee well- being that goes beyond strong healthcare coverage. People analytics continues to command a firm position on the agenda, and we hope to enhance our reporting capabilities and make use of the wealth of information to which we are privy. This is in addition to a strong focus on our internship conversion strategy, as data shows that some of our most successful junior hires are those who intern with us. Most importantly, we will focus on connecting the dots to ensure we deliver a comprehensive experience to employees and managers alike; between all our HR programs, all our data points, HR and employees, HR and managers, and HR and our service providers and technology and learning partners. At a Glance EXECUTIVE Strategic Direction EFG Hermes COMMITTEE EFG Finance aiBANK Our Controls Our Team CSI Financial Statements Karim Awad is an accomplished executive serving as the Group 2017. It has also re-established an active Private Equity division At a Glance CEO and Chairman of the Executive Committee of EFG Holding that plays a pivotal role in the renewable energy, education, SAE. With over 25 years of experience, Awad began his career and healthcare sectors. Strategic Direction at EFG Hermes in 1998, where he quickly rose through the ranks. EFG Hermes Notably, he headed the Investment Banking Department in 2007, To further enrich its client offering, EFG Holding has built a leading numerous high-profile local and regional transactions. comprehensive non-bank financial institutions (NBFI) platform, EFG Finance Awad was ranked on the Forbes Middle East Top 100 CEOs in encompassing leasing, factoring, microfinance, financial the Middle East in 2022. technology, mortgages, payments, and insurance. The Firm aiBANK has also strengthened its fixed income and structured product Throughout his tenure, Awad spearheaded a transformative platforms. In November 2021, EFG Holding concluded the Our Controls restructuring of the Firm, focusing on cost streamlining and acquisition of a commercial bank in Egypt, solidifying its transition divestment of non-core assets. This included a majority stake into a universal banking platform and expanding its product range. Our Team sale in the Lebanese bank Credit Libanais. Collaborating with CSI the senior management team at EFG Holding, Awad shifted the Awad’s strategic initiatives have driven remarkable growth in Firm’s strategy toward becoming a leading financial solutions revenues, which reached EGP 14.7 billion, and profits, standing Financial Statements provider in frontier and emerging markets, moving away from its at EGP 2.5 billion, in 2023. Notably, the Firm maintains a robust Karim Awad MENA-based investment banking roots. This vision encompasses commitment to corporate social responsibility (CSR), actively Group CEO and Chairman of the Executive Committee, six key pillars: talent acquisition, market positioning, geographic embracing progressive environmental, social, and governance (ESG) EFG Holding expansion, product enhancement, improved profitability, and a standards and contributing to the communities in which it operates. steadfast commitment to public responsibility. Karim Awad holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration Under Awad’s leadership, EFG Hermes has made significant (BBA) from The American University in Cairo. strides in its core sell-side operations of Investment Banking, Brokerage, and Research in key markets, such as the UAE, KSA, and Egypt. Additionally, the Firm has expanded its presence to seven new markets in sub-Saharan Africa and Asia. Notably, the buy-side business was completely revitalized through the consolidation of its regional Asset Management business with UAE-based affiliate Frontier Investment Management (FIM) in With more than two decades of experience with EFG Hermes, and further root the business in its home market of Egypt. During At a Glance Mohamed Ebeid is currently the Co-CEO of the Investment that time, he was part of the team executing the Firm’s expansion Bank, a position he took up in 2016 with a mandate to grow the plan in the MENA region and directing its capabilities in terms of Strategic Direction business on the sell-side and to expand its product offering in research and corporate access. EFG Hermes multiple continents. He holds a BCom with a specialization in accounting from Ain EFG Finance Since then, he has successfully built the Firm’s sell-side business Shams University. across various business lines. On the Investment Banking side, aiBANK Ebeid led the Firm to work on deals across multiple jurisdictions in the MENA region and frontier markets worth over USD 54 Our Controls billion. He also built the Frontier business with on-the-ground operations in four different continents, giving clients access to Our Team more than 75 markets around the world. Ebeid has also led the CSI development of the Firm’s Structured Products Platform, which has pulled in trades worth c. USD 5 billion since inception in 2017. Financial Statements This is in addition to the creation of the Fixed-Income Desk, which Mohamed Ebeid began operations in 2018. Co-CEO of the Investment Bank (Sell-Side), EFG Hermes, an EFG Holding Company Ebeid began his career with the Firm in 1999 in the Securities Brokerage division, and he has since held numerous positions within the Firm. Most recently, he acted as Head of Brokerage, where he managed to restructure the business and streamline its activities in just over two years, all while boosting profitability. He held the post of Head of Institutional Sales beginning 2006 and managed to add GCC institutional clients and sovereign wealth funds to the Firm’s client base. Ebeid was also an integral part of EFG Hermes’ Institutional Sales team, heading an endeavor to expand the Firm’s western institutional client base Karim Moussa joined EFG Hermes in Dubai in 2008, assuming the Prior to joining EFG Hermes, Moussa was Vice President at At a Glance primary responsibility of building the Firm’s value-adding and core Deutsche Bank’s Global Banking division, with responsibilities infrastructure Private Equity platforms. Today, he leads EFG Hermes’ across M&As, ECM, and DCM advisory in the MENA region. In this Strategic Direction USD-4.5-billion buy-side business, a role he has held since 2017. role, he advised on the USD-4.2-billion Dubai Ports World IPO, the EFG Hermes USD-670-million sale of Sokhna Port to Dubai Ports World, and Moussa led the establishment of Vortex Energy in 2014, raising and the USD-1.4-billion LBO of the Egyptian Fertilizers Company by EFG Finance deploying close to USD 1 billion in renewable energy assets across Abraaj Capital. He joined Deutsche Bank in 2001 as an Analyst in Europe. He recently launched the Vortex Energy IV fund, an energy the M&A execution team in Frankfurt, advising on several mid- aiBANK transition fund that has invested in IGNIS, a 20GW leading fully cap transactions in Continental Europe. He moved to Dubai in integrated Spanish renewables company, and EO Charging, UK’s 2005 with the CEO of Deutsche Bank MENA to help establish the Our Controls leading charging solutions provider for fleet vehicles and buses. bank’s regional business. He started his career at Berlin Capital Within Vortex Energy, he successfully completed the exit of an Fund, a venture capital fund managed by Berliner Bank. Our Team operating portfolio of c. 460 MW onshore wind assets in France, CSI Spain, Portugal, and Belgium to funds managed by J.P. Morgan. In Moussa holds a master’s degree in business administration (MBA) addition, he has successfully completed the sale of a controlling and mechanical engineering (Diplom Wirtschaftsingenieur) from Financial Statements stake in a 365-MW operating solar portfolio to Tanaga Nasional in the Technical University of Berlin. Karim Moussa the UK, delivering combined (net) c. 13% IRR and 1.4x MOIC paying Co-CEO of EFG Hermes, an EFG Holding Company cash yields in excess of 5% p.a. to investors. (Buy-Side), Head of Asset Management and Private Eq- uity of EFG Hermes, CEO of Vortex Energy Moussa also led the launch of the Egypt Education Platform (EEP), a USD-150-million fund, dedicated to investing in pre K-12 schools and education services in Egypt, aggregating 25 assets with a total student capacity of 25,000. Other flagship PE deals he led include Nasdaq-Dubai’s USD 445 million take-private of DAMAS International and, later, its exit, delivering c. 2x MOIC. Moussa sits on the Investment Committee of several of EFG Hermes’ sponsored funds. He is also a Member of the Board of Directors of various portfolio companies. Mohamed El Wakeel is the Group Chief Abdel Wahab Mohamed Gadayel is EFG At a Glance Operating Officer (COO) at EFG Holding. Holding’s Group Chief Risk and Compliance Following three years at HSBC, El Wakeel Officer, a post he has held since 2013. Prior to this, Strategic Direction joined the Firm in 2000 as par t of the he served as Group Head of Compliance for three EFG Hermes operations team of the Securities Brokerage years, where he played a key role in setting and division. After succeeding in streamlining the refining the Group’s policies and procedures and EFG Finance division’s operations to ensure best-in-class enhancing the Group’s compliance framework. practices and efficiency, he moved on to head During his current tenure in Risk Management, aiBANK Brokerage operations for Egypt then took on Gadayel revamped the Group’s risk management the title of the Securities Brokerage Group’s framework and policies, oversaw the issuance Our Controls Head of Operations. As Head of Operations, El of the Group’s risk appetite framework, and Wakeel played a pivotal role in setting up and obtained the ISO 22301:2019 certification for the Our Team Mohamed El Wakeel integrating the operations of the Firm’s newly Abdel Wahab Mohamed Firm’s Business Continuity Management System CSI Group Chief Operating Officer, launched offices in new markets. Gadayel and the ISO 31000:2018 certification for the EFG Holding Group Chief Risk and Compliance Firm’s Enterprise Risk Management. Financial Statements His role also included strengthening the Officer, IT infrastructure, upgrading the Firm’s EFG Holding Gadayel joined EFG Hermes in 1998 as an security framework, and enhancing in- Operations Officer, later being promoted to house app development to encompass the Deputy Head of Operations, a role he held requirements of all lines of business. Prior to until 2004. He also held the post of Managing becoming Group COO, he was Group Head Director of Operations at EFG Hermes UAE of Market Operations at the Firm, where his between 2004 and 2009, where he integrated hands-on experience has been a key to the newly acquired offices in the lower GCC region, enhancement of EFG Holding’s operations helping the Group rapidly expand into new across multiple lines of business. markets during his tenure. El Wakeel holds a bachelor’s degree in Gadayel graduated from Cairo University business administration from Faculty of with a major in economics and a minor in Commerce, Ain Shams University. political science. Mohamed Abdel Khabir is EFG Holding’s Group Chief Financial Abdel Khabir holds a bachelor’s degree in business At a Glance Officer (CFO), member of the Executive Committee, and a board administration from The American University in Cairo with a member in several of EFG Hermes’ subsidiaries. Since assuming major in finance and a minor in economics and psychology. He Strategic Direction his role in 2016, Abdel Khabir has been actively involved in is also a CFA charterholder. EFG Hermes transforming EFG Hermes from a pure play investment bank to a frontier markets financial solutions house. He participated EFG Finance in acquiring and establishing various subsidiaries across the frontier markets, as well as a number of NBFI subsidiaries aiBANK in the leasing, factoring, microfinance, financial technology, mortgages, payments, and insurance spheres. Most recently, he Our Controls participated in the acquisition of aiBANK in Egypt. He has also been responsible for funding those expansions and managing Our Team the balance sheet of the Group, in addition to investor relations, CSI budgeting, reporting, accounting, and taxation. Financial Statements Prior to his current post, Abdel Khabir joined EFG Hermes’ Mohamed Abdel Khabir Investment Banking division in early 2008. His notable Group Chief Financial Officer, transactions during his investment banking tenure include EFG Holding the IPO of Integrated Diagnostics Holding (IDH) through a secondary offering worth USD 334 million in the LSE. He was also involved in the sale of Cleopatra Hospital in Egypt to the Abraaj Group, the merger of Al Borg and Al Mokhtabar laboratories, ENPC’s USD-1.05-billion syndicated loan, and the issuance of ODH EDRs worth USD 1.8 billion. Previously, he held the position of Financial Planning Manager at Procter and Gamble in the Corporate Finance division, with a focus on financial planning, budgeting, corporate restructure, integration, and profit forecasting. Aladdin ElAfifi is the CEO of EFG Finance, an EFG Holding initial team that worked on conceptualizing, negotiating, and At a Glance company, and is responsible for leading its entire portfolio, signing the Framework Agreements for what would later become including leasing, factoring, microfinance, financial technology, the Egyptian Refining Company (ERC). Strategic Direction insurance, mortgage, and payments, as well as the addition of EFG Hermes new services, whether organically or through acquisitions. He is ElAfifi previously worked in London as an Investment Banker also a non-executive board member representing the majority at Goldman Sachs’s UK M&A and the Industrials and Natural EFG Finance shareholder for Valu, a board member of EFG Corp-Solutions, Resources teams after having begun his career at EFG Hermes and a board member of EFG Finance. Additionally, ElAfifi is an Investment Banking. With both Goldman Sachs and EFG Holding, aiBANK Endeavor mentor, sharing knowledge and expertise with young he worked on several high-profile M&A and capital market entrepreneurs heading small and medium-sized businesses. transactions across a multitude of sectors. Our Controls With over 23 years of financial advisory and direct investment ElAfifi is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA). He also holds an Our Team experience, ElAfifi most recently co-founded the Cairo-based MBA from the Wharton School of Business with a concentration CSI real estate investment management and advisory business, in finance, strategic, and entrepreneurial Management, and he 46 Group. He was also the Co-CEO of Pharos Holding, where is a recipient of the Joseph Wharton fellowship. He holds a BA Financial Statements he overlooked securities brokerage, asset management, and in economics with a minor in business administration from The Aladdin ElAfifi investment banking and advisory activities. In addition, he helped American University in Cairo. CEO of EFG Finance, co-found Egypt’s first nano-lending startup, Kashat, and worked an EFG Holding company on the funding and sponsoring of startups directly and through work with Startupbootcamp as Co-Manager of the first Egyptian fintech accelerator. Prior to joining Pharos, ElAfifi led the team managing Qalaa Holding’s investments in mining industries, gold exploration, and the waste management sector through the creation of Tawazon, a local and regional market leader in the field of municipal and agricultural solid waste management. He was also a senior member of the team that established TAQA Arabia, a full-service energy (natural gas and electricity) distribution group, and the Inji Abdoun joined the Human Resources (HR) department at At a Glance EFG Holding in June 2007 as HR Manager for the UAE, with a mandate to establish an HR function for the Group’s operations Strategic Direction while contributing to the department’s Group-wide initiatives EFG Hermes with a focus on talent management. Her mandate expanded in 2008, as she played an active role in integrating newly acquired EFG Finance operations in Oman and Kuwait and enhancing the HR function in the Saudi office. aiBANK In 2009, Abdoun became the Group Head of Human Resources, Our Controls overseeing the full spectrum of the department’s functions across the Group while working closely with the Firm’s Our Team management team, providing HR insights into business issues. CSI As of 2017, Abdoun became the Group’s Chief HR Officer, continuing to oversee the Group’s HR activities and working Financial Statements with the executive team as part of the Executive Committee. Inji Abdoun Group Chief Human Resources Officer, Pr io r to jo in ing EFG H o l d ing , A b d o un a s s um e d HR EFG Holding management roles at LINKdotNET (an OT subsidiary) and Fayrouz International (a Heineken subsidiary), as well as a role in career advising and placement at The American University in Cairo’s Career Advising and Placement office (CAPS), accumulating more than 19 years of experience in the field. Abdoun is a certified Myers-Briggs practitioner and holds an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management. At a Glance BOARD OF Strategic Direction EFG Hermes DIRECTORS EFG Finance aiBANK Our Controls Our Team CSI Financial Statements Mona Zulficar has served as Non-Executive, Independent Zulficar was recently elected President of the first Egyptian At a Glance Chairperson of EFG Holding since April 2008. Zulficar is a Microfinance Federation, currently the Egyptian Federation for Founding Partner and Chairperson of Zulficar & Partners Law Financing Medium, Small, and Micro Enterprises, and she chairs Strategic Direction Firm, a specialized law firm consisting of 17 partners and more several NGOs active in social development and microfinance EFG Hermes than 65 associates. Established in June 2009, Zulficar & Partners for underprivileged women. Internationally, Zulficar served two has since grown into one of the top ranked law firms in Egypt. terms as an elected member of the United Nations Human Rights EFG Finance Zulficar was previously Senior Partner at Shalakany Law Firm and Council Advisory Committee until 2011. Chair of its Executive Committee for many years. aiBANK Zulficar holds a BSc in economics and political science from Zulficar is recognized in local and international legal circles as the Cairo University and an LLM from Mansoura University, as well as Our Controls precedent setter and one of Egypt’s most prominent corporate, an honorary doctorate degree in law from the University of Zurich. banking, and project finance attorneys. As an M&A and capital Our Team markets transactions specialist, Zulficar has led negotiations on CSI some of Egypt’s and the Middle East’s largest and most complex successful transactions over the past three decades. Financial Statements Mona Zulficar Zulficar also played an instrumental role in modernizing and Independent Chairperson, reforming economic and banking laws and regulations, both in EFG Holding her capacity as former board member of the Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) during the banking reform program from 2003 to 2011 and as a prominent member of national drafting committees. Zulficar is a leading human rights activist, recognized locally and internationally, and she has initiated several successful campaigns for human rights legislation, including women’s rights, freedom of opinion, and family courts. Zulficar served as VP of the Constitutional Committee, played a key role in drafting the 2014 Egyptian Constitution, and was a member of the National Council for Human Rights until September 2021. Karim Awad is an accomplished executive serving as the Group 2017. It has also re-established an active Private Equity division At a Glance CEO and Chairman of the Executive Committee of EFG Holding that plays a pivotal role in the renewable energy, education, SAE. With over 25 years of experience, Awad began his career and healthcare sectors. Strategic Direction at EFG Hermes in 1998, where he quickly rose through the ranks. EFG Hermes Notably, he headed the Investment Banking Department in 2007, To further enrich its client offering, EFG Holding has built a leading numerous high-profile local and regional transactions. comprehensive non-bank financial institutions (NBFI) platform, EFG Finance Awad was ranked on the Forbes Middle East Top 100 CEOs in encompassing leasing, factoring, microfinance, financial the Middle East in 2022. technology, mortgages, payments, and insurance. The Firm aiBANK has also strengthened its fixed income and structured product Throughout his tenure, Awad spearheaded a transformative platforms. In November 2021, EFG Holding concluded the Our Controls restructuring of the Firm, focusing on cost streamlining and acquisition of a commercial bank in Egypt, solidifying its transition divestment of non-core assets. This included a majority stake into a universal banking platform and expanding its product range. Our Team sale in the Lebanese bank Credit Libanais. Collaborating with CSI the senior management team at EFG Holding, Awad shifted the Awad’s strategic initiatives have driven remarkable growth in Firm’s strategy toward becoming a leading financial solutions revenues, which reached EGP 14.7 billion, and profits, standing Financial Statements provider in frontier and emerging markets, moving away from its at EGP 2.5 billion, in 2023. Notably, the Firm maintains a robust Karim Awad MENA-based investment banking roots. This vision encompasses commitment to corporate social responsibility (CSR), actively Group CEO and Chairman of the Executive Committee, six key pillars: talent acquisition, market positioning, geographic embracing progressive environmental, social, and governance (ESG) EFG Holding expansion, product enhancement, improved profitability, and a standards and contributing to the communities in which it operates. steadfast commitment to public responsibility. Karim Awad holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration Under Awad’s leadership, EFG Hermes has made significant (BBA) from The American University in Cairo. strides in its core sell-side operations of Investment Banking, Brokerage, and Research in key markets, such as the UAE, KSA, and Egypt. Additionally, the Firm has expanded its presence to seven new markets in sub-Saharan Africa and Asia. Notably, the buy-side business was completely revitalized through the consolidation of its regional Asset Management business with UAE-based affiliate Frontier Investment Management (FIM) in Takis Arapoglou is a Non-Executive Member Yasser El Mallawany is the Non-Executive Vice At a Glance of EFG Holding’s Board of Directors. He had an Chairman of EFG Holding’s Board of Directors. earlier career in International Capital Markets Since his appointment as Chief Executive Strategic Direction and Corporate and Investment Banking based Officer of the Firm in 2003, El Mallawany has EFG Hermes in London and later in managing, restructuring, played a key role in driving the consolidation and advising publicly listed financial institutions of Egypt’s investment banking sector and EFG Finance and corporates, primarily in SE Europe and the facilitated the emergence of EFG Hermes as Middle East. the leading Arab investment bank at the time. aiBANK His most recent executive roles include El Mallawany began his career at Commercial Our Controls Managing Director and Global Head of the International Bank (CIB), formerly Chase Banks and Securities Industry for Citigroup, National Bank, and his tenure at CIB spanned Our Team Efstratios Georgios (Takis) Chairman and CEO of the National Bank of Yasser El Mallawany over 16 years, last serving as the General CSI Arapoglou Greece, and CEO of Commercial Banking at Vice Chairman of the Board, Manager of the Corporate Banking Division. Chairman of Bank of Cyprus EFG Holding across the Middle East and Africa EFG Holding He joined EFG Hermes at the time of the Financial Statements for the period from 2010 to 2013. Firm’s merger with CIIC. Arapoglou has broad and extensive experience El Mallawany holds a BA in accounting from as a board member, and he currently holds Cairo University. the following non-executive board positions: Chairman of Bank of Cyprus Group, listed on the LSE; Chairman of Tsakos Energy Navigation (TEN) Ltd, listed on the NYSE; and Board Member of EFG Holding SAE, listed on the Egyptian Exchange (EGX) and the LSE. Arapoglou has degrees in mathematics, engineering, and management from Greek and British universities. Marwan Elaraby is the Partner in Charge of the Dubai office of Elaraby received his Juris Doctor from Columbia University At a Glance Gibson, Dunn, & Crutcher, where he is a member of the Capital School of Law and his bachelor’s degree from The American Markets and Mergers and Acquisitions Groups. University in Cairo, majoring in economics. He is admitted to Strategic Direction practice in the State of New York. EFG Hermes Elaraby advises clients on M&A and private equity transactions, as well as governments on strategic and regulatory matters. He EFG Finance also advises both issuers and underwriters on equity and debt securities offerings. aiBANK He represents sovereign-owned, corporate and private equity Our Controls clients, including Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC), ASMA Capital, EFG-Hermes, and Investcorp. Our Team CSI Elaraby is ranked by Chambers Global 2022 as a leading individual for Capital Markets: Equity and Corporate/M&A (Band 1) Financial Statements in the UAE and as a leading individual in Egypt for Capital Markets, Marwan Elaraby Corporate/M&A and Projects & Energy. Chambers Global also Partner, Gibson, Dunn, & Crutcher LLP ranks him in the Middle East-wide tables for both Capital Markets and Corporate/M&A. He is highly regarded by IFLR1000 2022 for M&A and Private Equity. Chambers Global 2022 states that Elaraby is “a phenomenal lawyer,” someone who is “super-commercial, very sharp, and reads situations well” and “widely respected for his capital markets skills, with particularly notable experience in the UAE and Egypt.” Clients note that Elaraby is “flexible and able to adapt to market conditions that can change very quickly” and someone who can “come up with innovative solutions to resolve any issues that arise.” Jean Cheval is a Non-Executive Member of EFG Holding’s Cheval currently chairs the Risk Management Committee of the At a Glance Board of Directors. Board of Alpha Bank (Greece) and the Natixis Foundation for Research and Innovation. He is also a member of the Board of Strategic Direction Cheval spent a significant part of his banking career at Credit Natixis Algeria and Senior Advisor to Sycomore Corporate Finance. EFG Hermes Agricole lndosuez (1983–2001), where he was successively Chief Economist, Head of Strategic Planning and Budget, Jean Cheval graduated from École Centrale de Paris EFG Finance Head of Structured Financing, and Head of the Middle East (Engineering School) and was a PhD candidate at the (1994–2001) and Asia (1998–2001) prior to being appointed University of California, Berkeley. He also holds several aiBANK General Manager. Cheval also served as Director of Al Bank Al degrees in economics (Paris I) and mathematical statistics Saudi Al Fransi in KSA, WAFA Bank in Morocco, and Banque (Paris VI). He started his career as an economist and then Our Controls Libano-Française in Lebanon. worked several years for the French Ministry of Industry and the French planning agency. Our Team Cheval then became Head of Banque Audi France, Chairman CSI of Banque Audi Switzerland (2001–2005), and member of the Board of Audi-Saradar Bank (2002–2006). After four years as Financial Statements Head of the Bank of Scotland ‘s Paris branch, he joined Natixis Jean Cheval in June 2009, leading the Debt and Finance department Non-Executive Board Member of EFG Holding (Structured Finance) until 2012 and the European area between 2011 and 2012. Cheval then became Head of Finance and Risk, member of Natixis Senior Management Committee, and Second Senior Manager of Natixis in September 2012, holding said positions until October 2017. Between then and March 2022, he became Senior Advisor to Natixis’ CEO, chairing the Credit Risk Committee and acting as Natixis Chief Negotiator for the main operations of financial restructuring. Abdulla Khalil Al Mutawa is a Non-Executive, Khalid Mana Saeed Al Otaiba is a Non- At a Glance Independent Member of EFG Holding’s Executive, Independent Member of EFG Board of Directors. He is a competent and Holding’s Board of Directors. Al Otaiba has Strategic Direction dedicated investment professional with been Office Manager for His Excellency Dr. EFG Hermes more than 39 years of experience and a Mana Saeed Al Otaiba, Personal Advisor to H. comprehensive background in finance and H. President of the UAE Sheikh Mohammed EFG Finance administration. He is currently the General bin Zayed Al Nahyan since 2000. Al Otaiba Manager of the Private Office of H.E. Sheikh also holds the post of Deputy Chairman of aiBANK Suroor Bin Mohammad Al Nahyan. Al Otaiba Group of Companies. Al Otaiba leverages his over 22-year career, spanning Our Controls Al Mutawa has also served on the Board of numerous industries, to serve as Director of Directors of Bank Alfalah Limited, Pakistan, Alfalah Insurance Company Limited, Pakistan; Our Team Abdulla Khalil Al Mutawa since 1997, with membership posts on Khalid Mana Saeed Al Otaiba Chairman of Liwa International Investment CSI General Manager, the bank’s Board Audit Committee (BAC), Office Manager for Tourism and Royal Mirage Hotel & Resort The Private Office of H. E. Sheikh Suroor Remuneration and Nomination Committee His Excellency Dr. Mana Saeed Al Otaiba Ltd, Morocco; and Chairman of Ghantoot Financial Statements Bin Mohammed Al Nahyan (B H R& N C) , B o a r d R i s k M a n a g e m e n t International and Bank Alfalah, as well as Committee (BRMC), Board Compensation Director of Royal Mirage Masdar, Abu Dhabi. Committee (BCC), and Board Information Technology Committee (BITC), in addition to Al Otaiba holds a BA in international economics serving as Chairman of the Board Strategy and from Suffolk University, Boston, Massachusetts. Finance Committee (BS&FC). Al Mutawa is also Chairman of Makhazen Investment Private Joint-Stock Company (PJSC), Abu Dhabi, and Chairman of the Makhazen Executive Committee. A l M u t aw a h o l d s a B S c in b u s in e s s administration from the University of North Carolina, USA . Ramsay Zaki is a Non-Executive, Independent of all private sector pharmaceutical companies At a Glance Member of EFG Holding’s Board of Directors. In operating in Egypt. Zaki was also heavily 2014, Zaki founded Wafra Export, a fruit export involved in the merger negotiations between Strategic Direction company that owns a state-of-the-art packing the two biggest private sector pharmaceutical EFG Hermes house and grows its produce on a 360-acre companies in the country. plot. Zaki was part of the EFG Holding team EFG Finance for 18 years, starting as Head of Operations Zaki holds a BCom from Cairo University. of Brokerage in 1995 and ending his tenure as aiBANK Chief Operating Officer (COO). Géraud Brac de la Perrière is a Non-Executive Our Controls As COO, Zaki was responsible for managing Member of EFG Holding’s Board of Directors. operational matters, including compliance- He has been the Senior Advisor of Natixis’ Our Team Ramsay Zaki related functions. Zaki’s contribution to EFG CEO and Co-Chairman of Natixis’ Credit CSI Founder, Wafra Export Holding includes rapidly growing the Firm’s Committee since January 2022. He was the backbone in all countries and lines of business Group Chief Risk Officer at BPCE from 2019 Financial Statements while maintaining the highest degree of to 2021. Before that, he used to be the Group corporate governance and ethics, as well Chief Audit Executive at BPCE from 2010 to as weathering major economic and political 2018. Brac de la Perrière was also the CEO of events in the region. He was also a member of Allianz Global Investors France from 1996 to the Firm’s Board of Directors until 2013. 2010. He had previously held several executive responsibilities at CACIB (Banque Indosuez) in Prior to joining EFG Holding, Zaki worked for Géraud Brac de la Perrière France and Switzerland from 1987 to 1996. At five years at Commercial International Bank Senior Advisor, NATIXIS the beginning of his career, he worked as an (CIB), where he headed the team responsible Inspector of Finance at the French Ministry of fo r ex te n d in g cre d it to th e Eg y pt ia n Finance from 1983 to 1987. pharmaceutical industry. During his time at CIB, Zaki successfully more than doubled loans to Brac de la Perrière graduated from HEC Paris the sector and captured a 70% market share and Ecole Nationale d’Administration. Tomas Volpe is a Non-Executive, Independent Member of EFG (CA.) Ports, an Oakland A’s affiliate; the Everett (WA.) AquaSox, a At a Glance Holding’s Board of Directors. He is the Founder and Managing Seattle Mariners affiliate; and the Delmarva (MD.) Shorebirds, a Member of Volpe Investments, LLC, a private equity investment Baltimore Orioles affiliate. Strategic Direction firm based in Silicon Valley, CA. Previously, from 2007 to 2012, he EFG Hermes lived in Dubai, UAE, and was the CEO and Board member of Dubai Group, LLC, one of the Dubai ruler’s global private investment EFG Finance firms. From 1986 to 2000, Volpe was the Founder, Chairman, and CEO of Volpe Brown Whelan & Company (VBW), an international aiBANK risk capital, investment management, and investment banking firm focused on rapidly growing entrepreneurial companies Our Controls in the technology and healthcare industries. VBW was sold to Prudential Securities in 2000, and Volpe served as Chairman Our Team of the renamed Prudential Volpe Technology Group. Before CSI forming VBW, Volpe was CEO, President, and Board Member of Hambrecht & Quist Incorporated (acquired by J.P. Morgan), Financial Statements the world’s leading technology and healthcare-focused venture Thomas Volpe capital and investment banking firm. Throughout his career, Founder and Managing Member of Volpe has served on numerous Boards, including publicly traded, Volpe Investments, LLC private, and nonprofit entities. Volpe received a BA (cum laude) in economics from Harvard College; an MSc in economics from the London School of Economics and Political Science, where he studied on a fellowship from the Rotary International Foundation; and an MBA from the Harvard Business School. Volpe also serves as Chairman and CEO of 7th Inning Stretch LLC, a sports-focused investment company that, among other investments, currently owns three minor league baseball teams, namely the Stockton Mona Yassine is a Non-Executive, Independent Member of EFG At a Glance Holding’s Board of Directors. Yassine has a 40-year banking career, of which 25 were with Citibank N.A. Egypt in corporate Strategic Direction banking and risk management, three years with Banque du Caire EFG Hermes as Executive Vice Chairman, and five years as Chairman for the Cairo FarEast Bank and non-executive Board Member of Banque EFG Finance Misr and Banque du Caire, and five years as Chief Country Officer for Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank in Iraq. She was appointed the first aiBANK chairperson of the Egyptian Competition Authority for five years. Yassine founded the Egyptian Association for the Protection of Our Controls Competition, an NGO established in Cairo, Egypt, in September 2011, and assumed the post of Vice Chairperson. She was also Our Team Non-Executive Board Member of Egylease from 2018 to 27 April CSI 2023. She was involved in reforms, restructuring debt, and market repositioning for multiple banks throughout her career. Financial Statements Mona Yassine Yassine holds a BA in economics and management from The Non-Executive Board Member of EFG Holding American University in Cairo. She also obtained an Investment Appraisal and Management Diploma from Harvard University, School of Government, USA. CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY & IMPACT (CSI) At a Glance OUR APPROACH Strategic Direction EFG Hermes TO SUSTAINABILITY EFG Finance aiBANK Our Controls Our Team EFG Holding commemorates a decade of commitment to sustainability reporting, reflecting its CSI unwavering dedication to transparency and accountability. Since adopting a social purpose in 2014, the Group has integrated sustainable practices into its core operations, emphasizing ESG Financial Statements aspects. Through robust reporting mechanisms, including the introduction of its first Carbon Footprint Report this year, EFG Holding demonstrates its commitment to climate action and long-term value generation for stakeholders. The Group’s sustainability journey began with the establishment of the EFG Foundation in 2006, focusing on sustainable development rather than traditional charity. Over time, this philosophy permeated the Group’s business operations, influenced by evolving political and economic landscapes. Active membership in the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) since 2011 laid the groundwork for sustainability initiatives, driven by internal awareness-building and increasing demand for robust ESG policies from international stakeholders. The Pillars Guiding Our Sustainability Strategy Recognition for Our Efforts in At a Glance 2023 Strategic Direction EFG Holding celebrates a decade Remaining mindful of our carbon footprint, promoting sustainable business Awards received by EFG Holding operations, and executing investments that ensure the sustainability of the and its subsidiaries: EFG Hermes of consistent and environment at large. EFG Holding is recognized as a finalist in the EFG Finance steady growth in Environmental ESG Investing Awards for Best Corporate our sustainability Sustainability Strategy, Best ESG Investment aiBANK disclosures. Fund: Infrastructure, and Best ESG Investment Fund: Private Equity. Our Controls Supporting our people and the communities we serve through key initiatives and leveraging the power of technology to create social impact. Our Team Awards received by executives at Social EFG Holding: CSI EFG Holding’s deliberate approach to Hanaa Helmy, Group Chief Sustainability Officer, sustainabilit y, marked by a shif t from EFG Holding, and CEO of the EFG Foundation, Financial Statements philanthropy to strategic initiatives within the has been recognized as one of five MENA Establishing strict internal frameworks and reporting mechanisms that pro- CSI Department, underscores its commitment mote transparency and accountability across all levels of the Group. Businesswomen Leading the Sustainability to genuine and impactful efforts. With a Agenda by Forbes Middle East. Governance focus on key SDGs and a dual approach of investment and financing, the company aims for maximum impact while aligning its operations with global sustainability standards. As it looks ahead, EFG Holding remains dedicated to fostering sustainable development, maintaining leadership in governance and accountability, and engaging stakeholders to achieve its sustainability goals in the coming years. At a Glance THE CARBON Strategic Direction EFG Hermes FOOTPRINT EFG Finance aiBANK REPORT Our Controls Our Team CSI Financial Statements In 2023, EFG Holding released its first-ever Carbon Footprint Report, restating its commitment to reducing carbon emissions. In 2019, EFG Holding issued a Statement on Climate Change, The carbon footprint assessment was conducted based on At a Glance and subsequently, climate change considerations were included Total Emissions per several international and widely applied standards, protocols, and Strategic Direction in the Group’s ESG policy. As a clear continuation of these Category guidelines specially developed for accounting and reporting, and efforts, the Firm is proud to report the release of its first Carbon in mtCO2e it was released in accordance with requirements of the Egyptian EFG Hermes Footprint Report (CFR) in 2023. FRA, which recently mandated ESG reporting for publicly listed organizations and required climate reporting according to the EFG Finance Carbon footprinting is a powerful tool that enables organizations TCFD for large NBFIs. to assess their environmental impact and develop strategies aiBANK to reduce their carbon emissions. By identifying areas of Based on the Group’s CFR findings, a series of recommendations high impact and implementing effective measures to reduce were developed, in addition to initiatives and activities already in Our Controls carbon emissions, organizations can not only improve their the pipeline in each of the three categories. Recommendations environmental performance but also drive cost savings, enhance vary across the three categories and include assessments, Our Team brand reputation, and increase their competitive edge. monitoring, and benchmarking activities to strengthen the CSI internal policy environment and identify potential bottlenecks The CFR reporting period is for the year 2022 (considered the base and challenges. They also include the development of Financial Statements year). It presents a summary of EFG Holding’s climate initiatives decarbonization policies and procedures and engagement and efforts, in addition to surveying and calculating the Firm’s with subsidiaries, such as EFG Corp-Solutions and Valu, to help carbon footprint. Although this is considered the first attempt Categories mtCO2e identify initiatives to deepen their portfolios in areas related to Diesel Generator 11.5 to quantify and assess the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions climate resilience. Company Owned Cars 404.9 generating from the organization’s operations, EFG Holding tried Business Travel 549.5 to cover as many scopes and emission sources as possible at this Commuting 155.7 early stage. The report also presents the methodology followed in Electricity 3,690.2 the identification, data collection, and analysis of GHG emissions, Paper Consumption 99.6 as well as any limitations or assumptions. It identifies the way Waste 0.7 forward and recommended actions. WTT 221.4 Water Supply and Treatment 168.3 At a Glance RESPONSIBLE Strategic Direction EFG Hermes INVESTING EFG Finance aiBANK Our Controls Our Team CSI At EFG Holding, we recognize the importance of not only identifying profitable business opportunities but also investing Financial Statements in impactful ventures that are paving the way for a more sustainable future. Vortex Energy At a Glance Established in 2014, Vortex Energy, a part of EFG Hermes Private latest best industry practices to prolong their expected lifetimes. Vortex Energy (IV) Strategic Direction Equity, is a prominent player in energy transition investments. Vortex Energy delivered 4.6 terawatt hours (TWh) of clean energy, Leveraging its expertise and adaptable approach, Vortex Energy EFG Hermes With a global focus, it backs projects for various investors, which displaced approximately 4.5 million metric tons of carbon aims to offer investors balanced exposure to a diverse portfolio emphasizing sustainability and adherence to UNGC principles. dioxide equivalent (mtCO2e). of energy transition assets. Employing innovative, proven EFG Finance technologies, the company targets double-digit investment Recognizing the importance of collaboration, Vortex Energy The legacy assets seeded by Vortex Energy continue to returns with a yield component. Key sectors include generation aiBANK champions public-private partnerships to accelerate the shift operate today and will continue to save 1.4Mn metric tonnes (such as utility-scale solar PV, wind, hydropower), storage (BESS, toward clean energy. Their substantial investments in this sector of mtCO2e per year for the next few decades. pumped hydro), EV charging infrastructure, and energy services Our Controls are crucial for energy security and combating climate change. Our Team Remaining dedicated to global sustainability, Vortex Energy leads CSI in sustainable investments, supporting infrastructure construction and technology development for a secure energy future. Annual Carbon Dioxide Vortex Legacy Vortex II Financial Statements Savings Vortex I Vortex III Vortex Energy Legacy (I, II, and III) (tonnes of CO2e) Since its inception, Vortex Energy has deployed, managed, and harvested capital across three fund vehicles, focusing on efficient 1500,000 portfolio management and maximizing its environmental and social impact. 1000,000 Since its inception and up to 2020, Vortex Energy acquired operational renewable energy generation plants (wind and solar) in continental Europe. Vortex Energy accumulated 822MW of net capacity attributable to its stakes in individual assets 500,000 across Spain, Portugal, Belgium, France, and the UK. Over their respective holding periods, the assets’ operation was optimized for maximum clean energy generation and was aligned to the 0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 across developed and developing regions, including Europe, market. With over 80,000 chargers deployed globally, including At a Glance North America, Latin America, and Australia. for companies like Amazon and Uber, EO is positioned for growth. This partnership allows Vortex IV to accelerate transport Strategic Direction In 2023, Vortex furthered its commitment to sustainability by electrification, tapping into the growing clean mobility sector EFG Hermes launching its first SFDR Article 8+ fund, domiciled in Luxembourg, poised for continued investment influx. in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure EFG Finance Regulations and EU Taxonomy. This fund is primed to welcome aiBANK – The Retail Green Loan Program the next wave of investors. aiBANK aiBANK has developed campaigns aimed at empowering Vortex IV & Ignis Synergetic Partnership homeowners to embrace solar energy. Through this program, Our Controls In October 2021, Vortex IV initiated its first investment by the bank provides financing of up to EGP 2 million with flexible entering a definitive agreement with Ignis Energy Holdings terms extending up to seven years and competitive interest Our Team (Ignis), the parent company of Ignis Group, a leading Spanish rates without any administrative fees. This tailored financing CSI renewable energy player. Through this agreement, Vortex IV solution is available to individuals and business owners seeking injected EUR 300 million into Ignis to fuel its ambitious growth to install solar panels or other renewable energy systems, thus Financial Statements plans, aiming to expand its renewable energy portfolio to over ensuring that clean energy becomes accessible to all. aiBANK 20 GW and establish itself as a fully integrated renewable has also launched a campaign that enables its clients to secure Independent Power Producer (IPP) in Spain and beyond. Ignis, financing of up to EGP 4 million to purchase eco-friendly electric supported by Vortex Energy, has already secured permits for 4.2 Vortex IV & EO Charging: An Evolutionary or hybrid cars. GW solar PV projects, with 400 MW under construction and 150 Partnership MW already operational in Spain. In Q123, Vortex Energy invested USD 80 million in EO Charging, Valu’s Financing Solutions for Renewable a British EV charging company, alongside Zouk Capital. This Energy The partnership with Ignis positions Vortex IV to strategically supports EO’s global leadership goals in EV fleet charging deploy capital worldwide, accelerating the clean energy amid the rising adoption of zero-emission transport. It reflects Valu has partnered with several solar energy suppliers to offer transition. These investments stand to benefit from increasing Vortex Energy’s commitment to energy transition through their clients convenient financing solutions for purchasing and momentum toward clean energy, driven by robust market innovative investments. maintaining solar panels. This collaboration aims to make it fundamentals and supportive regulatory environments. As a easier for Egyptians to embrace green energy by providing sustainable and expanding sector, clean energy is poised to EO specializes in smart charging for various EV fleets, expanding flexible payment options. By bringing together financial attract significant capital inflows over the next two decades. across North America and Europe while leading in the UK flexibility and sustainable solutions, Valu empowers more people to adopt solar energy solutions, fostering Egypt’s EFG Hermes ONE offers three energy transition-themed ETFs At a Glance greener and more sustainable future. Strategic Direction EFG Hermes ONE – Encouraging EFG Hermes Investment in the Energy Transition EFG Finance EFG Hermes ONE promotes exchange-traded funds (ETFs) that support impact investment in green energy-related companies, aiBANK aligning with EFG Holding’s commitment to energy transition. These ETFs offer concrete investment opportunities in sectors Our Controls crucial to the transition, such as renewable energy, energy storage, electrified transport and buildings, clean industry, clean Our Team shipping, and power grids. This approach makes ESG investment CSI more tangible for investors, providing attractive opportunities that Energy Storage Renewable Energy complement traditional investments. Financial Statements As part of EFG Holding’s belief in the value of investing in energy transition, EFG Hermes ONE promotes several ETFs with themes that support impact investment in green energy-related companies. For many investors, ESG investment is a vague concept; however, investing in energy transition or infrastructure projects is concrete with tangible results. ETFs, such as those offered through EFG Hermes One, provide attractive investment opportunities that investors can relate to their traditional investments. They cover a wide scope of sectors Green Transformation central to the transition, including renewable energy, energy storage, electrified transport and buildings, clean industry, clean shipping, and power grids. At a Glance Strategic Direction EFG Hermes EFG Finance aiBANK It should be noted, however, that while these themes have been successful for investors, they don’t come without risk. Our Controls This trend has no lack of staying power or signs of vanishing political capital; instead, the risks come from the largely high- Our Team equity valuations, which have been steep when compared to CSI the global equity market. Financial Statements EFG Corp-Solutions At a Glance Strategic Direction EFG Corp-Solutions is one of EFG Holding’s flagship NBFI EFG Corp-Solutions’ Factoring provides financing for a client Since 2006, the EFG subsidiaries. It provides leasing and factoring services that can who imports and distributes solar plant equipment with a Foundation for Social be combined in customized packages designed to provide specialization in pumping solutions tailored for the agricultural EFG Hermes optimal financing. It provides financing for innovative, eco-friendly sector. Furthermore, the client is investing in manufacturing Development has been EFG Finance initiatives in several sectors: solar panel frames, along with providing on-ground engineers dedicated to integrated aiBANK as a complimentary service for the installation of its products. sustainable development in Tourism: The client had factored invoices of EGP 9.6 million in FY23, The government’s agenda includes sustainable environmental along with total factored invoices of EGP 31.5 million since the Egypt’s rural areas. Our Controls dimensions in Egypt’s tourism sector planning. In 2023, EFG company’s inception. Corp-Solutions allocated EGP 830 million into financing through Our Team its leasing arm to top-notch clients in the tourism industry who Clean Energy for Schools – The Develop- CSI promote eco-tourism. ment Side of Transition Investing The Shagrha Initiative Financial Statements Real Estate: Since 2006, the EFG Foundation for Social Development The Young Scholars Academy is a Montessori preschool Among the unconventional lending for real estate developers, has been dedicated to integrated sustainable development established as part of the EFG Foundation’s integrated EFG Corp-Solutions’ Leasing division has allocated EGP 220 in Egypt’s rural areas. It focused on residential rehabilitation, development work in Upper Egypt. A recent initiative involves million to finance a mixed-use real estate developer that water, and sewerage projects but recently shifted to economic a strategic partnership with the Egyptian social enterprise promotes and follows eco-friendly principles through the empowerment. One key area of focus is access to affordable, Shagrha, which specializes in sustainable development services application of green renewable energy embedded in solar panels clean energy. The Foundation successfully installed solar PV with a focus on combating climate change. This collaborative in one of its flagship Cairo developments. grids in Naga‘ El Fawal and El Deir villages, generating income effort incorporates a tailored program addressing various facets by returning excess power to the grid. This success led to a of environmental sustainability. Activities include cultivating Trading Companies: partnership with the Ministry of Education to transition 25 schools homegrown, nutritious produce using recyclables; the creation Egypt is a prime location for renewable energy projects due and government buildings to solar energy in Luxor and Aswan. of organic compost; and promoting awareness regarding the to its weather, high wind speeds, and abundance of land. As The project aims to improve education and living standards while benefits of reducing carbon footprint and actively combating such, the government is targeting to generate 42% of the total saving costs and creating employment opportunities. It highlights climate change. This program is designed to engage students electricity from renewable resources by 2035, with most of the value of partnerships between the private sector, government, and teachers in sustainable practices, fostering a culture of this capacity expected to be delivered by the private sector. and civil society in driving sustainable development initiatives. environmental responsibility within the academy. At a Glance EDUCATION & Strategic Direction EFG Hermes HEALTHCARE EFG Finance aiBANK Our Controls Our Team CSI As we navigate through a rapidly evolving landscape, we firmly believe that investing in education is a strategic imperative to Financial Statements drive economic development and societal progress. EFG Holding champions investment in educational services Valu’s Healthcare & Education Financing At a Glance and infrastructure in Egypt and beyond through innovative projects and deals, aiming to expand quality education EFG Holding champions Over the past two years, Valu has pioneered education and Strategic Direction in the region. Similarly, investment in the pharmaceutical investment in educational healthcare finance through innovative collaborations. In 2022, Valu EFG Hermes and healthcare industries is crucial for achieving SDG 3 — services and infrastructure in partnered with The American University in Cairo (AUC) to offer ensuring healthy lives and promoting well-being for all ages. affordable financing for undergraduate and graduate degrees. EFG Finance The COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the need to anticipate Egypt and beyond through It also teamed up with PayTabs Egypt and The Knowledge Hub future healthcare needs, which requires significant investment innovative projects and deals, Universities (TKH) to enable TKH students to use Valu’s financing and aiBANK in infrastructure, research, and manufacturing. EFG Holding aiming to expand quality PayTabs’ online payment gateway. Additionally, Valu has partnered prioritizes innovative healthcare investments and works to with various schools to provide BNPL services for tuition payments. Our Controls increase accessibility through various financing solutions. education in the region. These efforts are supported by the EFG Foundation projects In the healthcare sector, Valu has facilitated financing through Our Team that build capacity in the healthcare sector. partnerships with healthcare providers. In 2023, Valu announced CSI Cosmic Village School Complex three new partnerships focused on career growth, vocational The Egypt Education Platform training, and access to medication, reinforcing its commitment Financial Statements In 2023, the EEP inaugurated four schools in the first phase of to innovative financing solutions. Established in 2019, the EEP is supported by regional and global the Cosmic Village School Complex, part of a partnership with investors, including EFG Hermes’ Private Equity, TSFE, and GEMS TSFE and private sector pioneers, to provide affordable, world- The Egyptian Banking Institute Education Global. EEP is committed to delivering high-quality class education to middle-income Egyptian families. The EEP, Valu announced its partnership with the Egyptian Banking Institute education and addressing the gap in Egypt’s educational sector. TFSE, ElSewedy Capital Holding, CIRA Education, and Mobica (EBI), the official training arm of the CBE, to offer convenient With a focused vision and skilled management, EEP is rapidly aim to offer high-quality education with inclusive scholarship financing and affordable financing plans for individuals seeking becoming a leading educational provider in Egypt. opportunities comparable to US, European, or Chinese to pursue EBI’s training programs. The EBI excels in providing education. The curriculum includes early coding classes and state-of-the-art training solutions in line with the latest industry The EEP’s portfolio includes 25 assets across the country, fields like fashion, music, arts, and manufacturing, typically international best practices. Its mandate is to develop the human serving approximately 20,000 students. The platform operates reserved for university-level study. Currently, the four schools capital in the banking sector in the fields of banking, management, under five brands: GEMS International Schools, Hayah Schools, serve about 1,000 students, with a target of serving 10,000 leadership, information technology, and SMEs. Prime International Language Schools, Trillium Preschools, upon completion of the first phase, noting that a fifth school and Selah El Telmeez for education content development. The is in the pipeline. EFG Holding is committed to supporting ElSewedy University of Technology EEP also provides student transportation through its majority- this partnership and advancing the development of Egypt’s In 2023, Valu also announced a partnership with ElSewedy owned Option Travel. education sector. University of Technology (SUT) – Polytechnic of Egypt to offer its financing services for individuals looking to pursue degrees RX Healthcare Management At a Glance offered by the university. To demonstrate its belief in the value of technical education, Valu also offers a scholarship grant to Parallel to United Pharma’s success, the RxHM platform Strategic Direction one select Bachelor of Engineering Technology student. The continues to capitalize on lucrative prospects in the injectables EFG Hermes partnership is an integral part of Valu’s strategy to provide access and other generic pharma segments. Over the past year, the team to quality education for Egypt’s youth and to promote affordability has built a strong deal pipeline exceeding USD 200 million. We EFG Finance by collaborating with leading educational institutions. expect fundraising to be undertaken during 2024. aiBANK GSK Nurse Training with the Magdi Yacoub Financing healthcare is essential for improving access and Heart Foundation Our Controls affordability. In 2023, Valu partnered with GSK to provide flexible financing for GSK’s vaccines at pharmacies across Egypt. One of the EFG Foundation’s most impactful healthcare Our Team This collaboration aims to make vaccines more affordable partnerships is with the Magdi Yacoub Heart Foundation (MYHF). CSI and accessible, promoting a healthier society. By offering In 2022, the Foundation, in collaboration with aiBANK and MYHF, innovative financing options, Valu and GSK seek to enhance sponsored heart surgeries for patients in need at the Aswan Heart Financial Statements public health and well-being in Egypt, allowing individuals to Centre. This year, the partnership expanded through a tripartite prioritize preventative care. BNPL programs make vaccines more agreement with the aiBANK Foundation and MYHF to support affordable, helping individuals manage healthcare expenses and nurse training at the MYHF treatment centers. easing the financial burden of medical costs. The collaboration aims to enhance healthcare for cardiovascular EFG Corp-Solutions Healthcare & Education patients, particularly in Upper Egypt. The AHC nurse fellowship Portfolios program, a prestigious national training initiative, selects 70 In the education sector, EFG Corp -Solutions has been nurses annually from five Egyptian universities for comprehensive heavily focused on increasing its contribution by increasing cardiac care training. With an 80% retention rate, most fellows the total new financing of educational institutes by EGP 100 receive full-time job offers at AHC, and many hold senior hospital million, geographically located in El Sharkeya governorate positions or pursue successful careers in hospitals across Egypt. and the New Administrative Capital. The education sector’s contribution to the leasing portfolio was 8% in 2023 and provided financing for two reputable educational institutes. At a Glance THE EFG Strategic Direction EFG Hermes FOUNDATION – EFG Finance aiBANK INTEGRATED Our Controls Our Team SUSTAINABLE CSI Financial Statements DEVELOPMENT Prioritizing ethical practices, community engagement, and environmental stewardship reflects our core principles and builds trust with our stakeholders. We take responsibility toward the communities where we do The Young Scholars Academy At a Glance business seriously and understand the importance of giving back, Creating an environment that allows the residents of El primarily through the groundbreaking integrated development Deir Village to identify opportunities and seize them is the Strategic Direction programs implemented by the EFG Foundation. The Foundation overarching goal of our work. Over the years, we’ve been EFG Hermes has been committed to the integrated development of privileged to see our work help people thrive. From nursery underprivileged, rural areas in Upper Egypt since 2006 through school children getting a solid educational start in life to families EFG Finance pioneering, holistic collaborations with public, private, and finally being able to live a decent life in well-built houses with community organizations in the fields of disease prevention, access to utilities and healthcare services, beneficiaries of aiBANK youth development, and poverty alleviation. our projects have demonstrated repeatedly that integrated development projects are catalysts of growth. But at the Young Our Controls The EFG Foundation’s fundamental model for its projects Scholars Academy, our work has coalesced to truly demonstrate is that of Integrated Sustainable Development (ISD). This the value of our approach to community development. Our Team approach ensures equitable progress toward all the UN’s 17 CSI SDGs while aligning with Egypt’s 2030 agenda, as well as In 2023, a customized upskilling agenda was developed, set to national development plans and objectives. The Foundation unfold over a two-year period. This initiative aims to enhance Financial Statements chooses ISD as an overarching tool to tackle sustainabilitys teachers’ capacity to better address the needs of children with three main components — social, environmental, and disabilities, and it will encompass a multitude of aspects, such economic — simultaneously to actualize lasting positive as applied behavior analysis (ABA), speech therapy, sensory impact and avoid undesirable long-term ramifications. integration, problem-solving, debellated learning, autism assessment and reporting, and more. Naga’ El Fawal & El Deir Integrated Devel- opment Project Furthermore, the EFG Foundation has diligently worked toward financial inclusion by integrating 100% of the academy’s staff Since 2017, the Foundation has been committed to Naga’ El into the formal banking system in 2023. Lastly, in alignment Fawal and El Deir Village (Esna, Luxor) as the site of our most with the Foundation’s steadfast dedication to climate action, recent ISD project. In 2023, we continued our work in the area the academy is powered entirely by solar energy. with a series of new and enhanced initiatives, each designed to increase the project’s sustainability and further empower the local community. The Green Footprint – Toward a Smart At a Glance Green Future Strategic Direction In 2023, the Foundation In 2023, the EFG Foundation launched the Green Footprint 15,000 individuals in 2022. With recently obtained qualifying delivered 66 houses Initiative in the El Deir community in Esna. The initiative permits, the Foundation aims to connect its state-of-the-art EFG Hermes aims to empower women to become agents of change sewage network and pumping station to the local wastewater to residents of El Deir EFG Finance within their families through the cultivation of rooftops and treatment plant, which is set to be inaugurated in the second village as part of a project aiBANK balconies. Utilizing these empty spaces for simple commercial half of 2024. This strategic collaboration with the Holding undertaken with the Ministry agricultural activities can provide women with additional Company for Water and Wastewater marks a crucial step income that will directly affect their investment in their forward in the Foundation’s continued efforts to contribute of Social Solidarity and the Our Controls children’s health, education, and overall livelihoods. to the community’s sustainable development and improved presidential Haya Karima Our Team The project strategically utilizes the rooftops and balconies sanitation infrastructure. initiative. CSI of homes and nearby buildings as operational sites, chosen In 2023, the Foundation also delivered 66 houses to residents of for their cost-effectiveness and accessibility, particularly for El Deir village as part of a project undertaken with the Ministry of Financial Statements women. Aloe vera has been carefully selected as the primary Social Solidarity and the presidential Haya Karima initiative. The Luxor Governorate, exten
