 that may imperil the objectives outlined which, in particular, examine and approve the map- in the strategic plan. It first identifies and assesses ping work of major risks facing the Group then monitor risks, which it maps according to a top-down analysis risk action plans. with input from a bottom-up risk assessment. Second, it oversees the effective implementation of necessary risk reduction action plans that operational depart- Groupwide roll-out of risk RENAULT GROUP RISK FACTORS CRITICALITY LEVEL ments draft and deploy. It builds on work produced by LOW MEDIUM HIGH the Internal Control and Internal Audit departments. management and monitoring systems That is sent through to the Risks and Internal Control Global warming risks We strongly believe that risk management policies only truly work when supported by all. Hence, our Risk of insufficient response to disruption of existing activities risk management system is built around three lines: Strategy operational management, global functions and the Risk of insufficient capacity to develop new business Internal Audit Department. Risk of inadequate performance by the Alliance OUR RISK MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE Operational management adapts and deploys in its Risk of supply chain disruption area of responsibility the principles and techniques AUDIT AND RISKS COMMITTEE (ARC) of internal control and risk management defined at Risks related to geopolitical instability and economic conditions BOARD OF MANAGEMENT (BOM) Group level. Operations Risk of insufficient capacity to restore operational performance Global functions establish and circulate reference Risks and Internal Control Ethics and Compliance Committee (RICC) Committee (ECC) texts on risk management. They ensure that the Risk of natural, health or industrial disasters policies and standards are properly applied and Social risk implemented. They are supported in this process by 1st LIGNE 2nd LIGNE 3rd LIGNE the Internal Control Department, Risk Management Risk of inadequate definition, product and service delivery or innovation Department and Group Performance and Control Products Department. and services Risk of product or service quality defects Operational Global Internal audit Lastly, the Internal Audit Department conducts an Risk of cyberattack and failure of informations systems Management Fonctions independent and objective assessment of the cor- porate governance, risk management and control Risk of ineffective digital transformation Functions Risk Cross-Group Management processes as defined within the Group. Risks Risk of non-compliance with laws and regulations, including corruption Project Country Internal Control Legal risks Ethics/ Compliance Foreign exchange risk Management Control Liquidity risk Accounting Customer and network credit risk Quality Financial Risks Risk related to tax changes HR Legal — A full description of the Renault Group risk management Risk of exposure to residual values Environment, etc. system is outlined in chapter 4 of the Universal Registration Interest rate risk Document. 32 2021-2022 Integrated Report 35 34 2021-2022 Integrated Report 37 Journey to carbon neutrality Green as Circular Economy Environment a business Climate change, planetary limits and changing habits are pushing us to transform our model to make it responsible and resilient. To achieve this, we have made carbon neutrality our priority objective. For our vehicles, we want to rely on the value offered rather than on the volumes sold. We are strengthening our leadership in electric vehicles, thinking broadly about all stages in the life cycle and reducing our consumption of materials to do more with less. We are reinventing mobility and rethinking its links with energy. Also, we are capitalizing on our know-how and our capacity to innovate to put technology at the service of smart transportation in line with the low-carbon requirements of our time. We are doing all this by developing a new business model based on the circular economy, to maximize life span and use, and turn our waste into resources. 36 A more sustainable strategy Green as a business 2021-2022 Integrated Report 39 Renault Group Climate Plan: Understanding climate-related risks to guide our actions towards carbon neutrality by 2040 In order to provide ourselves with decision-making tools adapted to the challenge of climate change, we have mapped the climate-related risks and opportunities1. Their analysis is divided into two cat- As a carmaker and mobility player, our role in the fight against climate egories: transition risks, linked to the shift towards a low-carbon economy and all the adaptations that change is crucial. Launched in 2021, the Renaulution strategic plan this implies; and physical risks with their potential marks the start a new era for Renault Group: it will ensure our sustainable consequences for businesses and supply. We then profitability and the achievement of carbon neutrality in Europe by 2040 factor these analyses into the corresponding man- agement systems. The commercial opportunities and worldwide by 2050. and associated competitiveness drivers have also been studied. These risks and opportunities have been assessed on the basis of several climate sce- narios within short-term (before 2030), medium-term (2030-2040) and long-term (2040-2050) timeframes. In 2021, we introduced global warming-related risks To make this transformation possible, we have of new regulations on greenhouse gas emissions into the Group’s map of major risks in order to make adapted our governance and factored the fight and pollutants. In order to strengthen governance on them more visible and strengthen management of against global warming into all our operations. Our these issues, in 2019, the Board of Directors set up a the associated action plans. Climate Plan details all the drivers that will enable us specialist committee, the Strategy and Sustainable to reduce our levels of greenhouse gas emissions in Development Committee, and tasked it with carry- the short and medium term, with deadlines in 2025 ing out an in-depth review of environmental issues, and 2030 (see following pages). It follows on from our among other duties. In 2021, it was decided to com- 2022 target of reducing our vehicles’ carbon footprint bine this committee with the Strategy Committee, as — (1) The risks and opportunities related to Renault Group’s by 25% compared to 2010, which we are on course to environmental, social, societal and governance issues environment and their sensitivity to the various scenarios achieve (down 22% by end-2021). We are restructuring are all integral to the Group’s strategy. In addition, established are described in section 2.2.2.1.4. of the Renault our approach by taking on board the recommenda- every month, the decarbonization trend – especially Group Universal Registration Document. tions of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on the short-term trend – is presented to the Board of Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), and Management. by securing certification under the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), as of 2019. The Group aligns its capital expenditure plans on its long-term GHG …and supported by top management reduction target. The Board of Management (BoM) and the Strategy Forward-thinking to build our resilience and Business Development Department oversee the A subject monitored Group’s environmental targets. The main lines of the The Renaulution point of view (1.5 °C, being included in (see next page). Physical Group’s environmental policy are discussed twice strategic plan is geared New Green Deal), the how we monitor risks are, in particular, at the highest level… a year and arbitrated within the BoM. To implement for a baseline climate most significant risks for risks attributable to analyzed in the context Supported at the highest level of Renault Group, these guidelines, the BoM relies on the Strategy and scenario of global Renault Group relate to natural disasters and of investment requests the climate strategy is an essential part of the Business Development Department, which steers the reduction in the environmental footprint of the busi- warming well below regulation, standards, industrial accidents at and in the building Renaulution plan unveiled with the announcement 2 °C. However, the technology and market our sites and in supply maintenance strategy. of the new sustainable development strategy. Each nesses, products and services over their life cycle. This link enables the issue of climate change to be meshed analysis of climate- development. chains, and failures In addition, measures year, the Board of Directors examines climate change with all the Group’s strategic and operational issues, related risks and The opportunities in the supply chain. are implemented issues and the associated risks and opportunities. It approves Renault Group’s greenhouse gas emissions whether planned new models, industrial choices or opportunities requires identified include the Resource shortages across the board, such strategy, the electrification strategy and the impact battery chemistry and capacity. A network of con- the development of development of new and geopolitical risks as the launch in 2022 tacts oversees the rollout of operational targets in alternative climate products and services, are additional risks of a comprehensive all the Group’s business departments. These depart- scenarios in order to strengthening the within an extreme 4 °C study of the vulnerability ments implement the measures set out in the Climate better measure their circular economy and warming scenario to extreme climate Plan and draw up the associated budgets. These potential impacts and consolidating the (turning inwards and scenarios of our plans are reviewed during strategy meetings led by prepare appropriate Group’s reputation on fragmentation). industrial and logistics the Strategy Department. And to guarantee our per- 96,000 responses. Three climate issues. In the These analyses sites. formance in this area, the remuneration policy for the alternative scenarios other scenarios, the are essential to CEO of Renault Group takes into account carbon foot- More than print criteria based on the share of sales of electrified (1.5 °C, 3 °C and 4 °C) physical risks from the resilience of our Renault electric vehicles passenger cars in Europe (as a proportion of total pas- are used to simulate extreme climatic events strategic plan and sold in Europe in 2021 and 9% of senger car sales) as well as the carbon footprint of the the impact of climate- are more marked. allow us to foresee the vehicles produced. related risks by 2050 They are aggravating necessary adaptations the Group’s consolidated revenue with intermediate points factors for existing risks. and adjustments. derived from vehicles emitting less in 2030 and 2040. The potential impacts Transition risks than 50 grams of CO2 per km. In the most optimistic of climate change are are managed within the scenario from a climate therefore gradually Climate Plan 38 A more sustainable strategy Green as a business 2021-2022 Integrated Report 41 The Climate Plan has been broken down into nine major actions. Their rollout across Renault Group Climate Plan the entire Group will be staggered through to 2030, marking an intermediate step towards carbon neutrality in Europe by 2040 and worldwide by 2050. MATERIALS DESIGN AND USE SUPPLY OPERATIONS AND END-OF-LIFE 9 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ACTIONS ELECTRIFY BECOME ROLL OUT INCREASE STEP UP INVOLVE BOOST HALVE CUT to achieve 100% of new THE LEADER hybrid and gas the use of cars the rollout of the entire Renault Group’s emissions emissions carbon passenger for hydrogen- technologies by at least 20% more efficient, supply chain leading position at our sites from the neutrality car models powered light across all brands through shared low-carbon in the circular by 2030 transportation sold by Renault commercial mobility and reusable economy of parts and by 2025 vehicles vehicles by 30% batteries in Europe by 2030 by 2025 Renault Environnement Actions — — — — — — — — — Pool the production Improve the range Develop E-TECH Mobilize brand Production of Introduce a supplier Increase revenue Cut industrial Introduce biogas implemented of our vehicles on and charging speed hybrid technology launch in 2021: low-carbon batteries. carbon footprint from circular economy footprint-related and biofuel 3 platforms. of our vehicles. which reduces assessment and CSR business. emissions by trucks, and step hybrid engine fuel • Create flexible — evaluation system. reducing site surface up multimodal — — consumption by services around Roll out repair centers areas, optimizing transportation. Launch 7 Renault- Launch a joint venture 40% compared to an mobility, energy for batteries during — manufacturing branded electric called Hyvia with equivalent internal and data in open their first life, and Implement action processes and — models by 2025, Plug Power to provide combustion engine stakeholder second-life solutions – plans to reduce reducing losses Reduce the number while stepping up a comprehensive in the urban cycle. ecosystems. stationary (Advanced emissions for (energy recovery of kilometers the pace of hydrogen solution Battery Storage), the 6 most and recycling). traveled per cubic electrification encompassing — • Launch a range mobile or modular carbon-intensive meter of freight. of future ranges vehicles and charging Launch 3 hybrid of modular, robust, energy storage thanks commodities. — (25% reduction in systems (including models – Captur, all-electric vehicles to the partnership Introduce AI tools — development time). green hydrogen Arkana and Megane designed for intensive with Betteries – at the — to manage energy Frugal management supply). Sedan – in 2021 then use to meet new Refactory in Flins. Eco-design vehicles consumption at sites. of packaging. — Austral in 2022. mobility needs: and co-innovate Create ElectriCity, ride-hailing, — with our partners. — a new industrial hub car-sharing, Closed-loop recycling Use renewables to for electric vehicles last-mile deliveries, of strategic materials — produce electricity in northern France. etc. (cobalt, nickel, lithium) Improve local sourcing and heat. to produce new for our factories. batteries through the consortium with — Veolia and Solvay. Implement an internal carbon pricing mechanism for material selection and other procurement decisions. Targets 100% 30% 35% 20% Reduce battery carbon 30% €1 billion revenue 50% 30% of passenger cars market share of vehicles sold by increase in the usage footprint by 35% reduction in CO2eq from circular economy reduction in reduction sold by the Renault of hydrogen-powered the Renault brand rate of vehicles on average by 2030. emissions per kg business by 2030. greenhouse gas in emissions from brand in Europe will be light commercial will be hybrid by 2025. through shared in the parts and emissions at our sites the transportation electric by 2030. vehicles in Europe mobility. 80% of material materials supply All new vehicles by 2030 compared of parts and vehicles by 2030. recycled back into chain by 2030, worldwide to be made with 2019. by 2030. new battery production compared with 2019. with 33% recycled in Europe by 2030. materials by 2030. Carbon neutral industrial sites across Europe by 2030. 40 A more sustainable strategy Green as a business 2021-2022 Integrated Report 43 Refactory, the circular economy: Re-trofit Re-energy new industry, new services Extend vehicle Produce, store and life span manage green energy We are a pioneer and leader in the circular economy within the automotive sector. We were the first to implement an integrated circular economy system throughout • Used vehicle Factory • Repair batteries (1st life) our value chain and to become involved in the recycling industry. Today, we have turned this expertise into a business in its own right. • Heavy bodywork • Energy storage • Retrofit • Wallbox • Hydrogen Turning waste into resources Repair and reuse We use an average of 30% recycled materials in our We collect and completely refurbish mechanical com- vehicles produced in Europe and minimize the envi- ponents from the Group’s after-sales network. This ronmental impact of industrial waste. business, which is currently being transferred to the Flins Refactory from its historic site at Choisy-le-Roi, This commitment is reflected in our operations: for remanufactures mechanical components (engines, example, our Cléon plant collects and regenerates gearboxes, etc.), as well as certain mechatronic com- used machining oils from French factories for use in ponents, and repairs electronic cards. These prod- its machining processes for mechanical parts. We ucts are offered to customers of the Group’s brands also recover our metal production waste with Boone as part of the Standard Exchange offer. The Flins Comenor Metalimpex, which is jointly owned with Suez. Refactory aims to achieve 20,000 electric battery repairs by 2030 by expanding the existing expertise and repair center. The project also includes a used Flins: Creating new life cycles vehicle reconditioning factory. Europe’s 1st circular We rely on a growing ecosystem of expanding subsidi- aries dedicated to the circular economy, to give a sec- Re-start economy factory Re-cycle ond life to materials and components. Our subsidiary End-of-life recycling Gaïa assesses and recovers vehicles, parts and mate- From 2025, the Flins Refactory will be equipped with Train and innovate Optimize resource rials through recycling, repair and reuse channels. a dismantling line for end-of-life vehicles, which will in the circular economy management and The workshop diagnoses and repairs electric vehicle supply the Used Vehicle Factory and the after-sales network with top-quality reused parts. This means it include recycled or batteries during their life. Once they are no longer fit for use in automotives, they are assessed and recon- will supply secondary raw materials to the Gaïa recy- • Campus reused materials ditioned for stationary energy storage or for other cling loops. mobile uses (special vehicles, boats). Their end of life The Refactory will become the first dismantling site • Industry and Innovation is thus postponed by 5 to 10 years. center • Remanufacture parts integrated into an ecosystem that is entirely given (Choisy-le-Roi) over to the circular economy. It will have specific expertise in electric vehicles, thanks in particular to • Innovation hub • Manufacture parts the support of Indra, our subsidiary jointly owned with • Commercial vehicles for after-sales Suez, which manages all the technical and organiza- tional aspects of dismantling and processing vehi- prototype center cles, as well as marketing materials and used parts. “The Group’s challenge for Flins We recover and transform materials from end-of-life is to convert an assembly plant into vehicles to supply the production of new vehicles. The the first European site specifically consortium formed with Solvay and Veolia organizes closed-loop recycling of strategic materials such as for the mobility circular economy.” cobalt, nickel and lithium from spent batteries to pro- Achieved 2021 Achieved 2022 / 2023 duce new batteries. Jean-Philippe Bahuaud 2030 3,000 Negative VP Strategy, Environment and Refactory targets jobs CO2 42 2021-2022 Integrated Report 45 Pioneer Safety Software Tech People Reducing the number of road accidents in Europe and around the world is a major societal challenge for the entire automotive industry. Road user safety is our priority. As a pioneer in on- Caring board safety systems, over the years we have applied scientific data and formed key partnerships to offer cutting-edge innovations. These days, mobility and vehicles are changing as cars much as transportation behaviors. That is why we base our innovation model on a technological ecosystem capable of ushering road safety into a new dimension: on-board intelligence. In doing so, our mobility and driving goals remain the same: to guarantee the user a unique, safe and inclusive experience. 44 A more sustainable strategy Caring cars 2021-2022 Integrated Report 47 a w rd from... Working towards safer mobility With over 50 years of experience studying accidents and The LAB, where their causes, we believe it is our responsibility to continue putting resources and efforts into making our vehicles safer and creating safety is a science a smoother driving experience. What is the LAB’s role At the time, the two groups Stéphane Buffat in Renault Group’s road sought to collaborate on safety policy? non-competitive issues Director of the laboratory for accident research, biomechanics concerning accident and human behavior studies (LAB). 82% Renault Group applies the research and biomechanics. LAB’s statistics and accident More than 50 years later, research to constantly and the collaboration continues. of Renault passenger concretely improve the A board of directors, car models sold in Europe safety of its products and composed of Renault Group services and to inform its and Stellantis executives, in 2021 are rated 5* strategic roadmap. Our role meets regularly to make sure The LAB improves in NCAP programs is to understand why, how that our work is in line with knowledge on accident and under what conditions the strategic direction of and injury mechanisms. accidents occur on roads, both groups. What concrete and to provide a meaningful improvements has the LAB perspective on road safety. So, apparently, to reduce contributed since 1969? Our commitment has been substantiated with the maximum 5-star rating in Euro NCAP tests awarded Our strength is based on accidents, strength comes in varied, complementary numbers. Have you formed By improving knowledge 25 times over (and most recently for Megane E-TECH), of human behavior and having been the first carmaker to do so in 2001 for dif- skills in the service of safety: any specific partnerships? engineers, data scientists, tolerance levels of all sorts ferent model segments, with Laguna II, then Megane of people, the LAB helps II in 2002, and lastly Modus in 2004. biomechanics experts, We need concrete manufacturers to design physicians, cognitive As the causes of accidents and injuries differ from one information to analyze future technologies to ergonomics experts and country to another, we are expanding our accident what’s happening in the real increase safety for road field accident investigators. research beyond Europe. Our international expan- world. We use national and users. Thanks to the LAB’s sion enables us to transfer our know-how and to gain The LAB was founded out international databases to work, Renault Group expertise from local research organizations. of a cooperative effort monitor data on accidents has reinforced vehicle between Renault Group and their causes. We structures, improved the and PSA SA (now Stellantis). have developed several complementary relationship The shift to new forms of mobility How was it organized? partnerships to obtain between the belt and the data we need for our airbags, enhanced seats After spearheading the safety of internal combustion PSA SA and Renault Group, research. We work with and child protection, and engine vehicles, Renault has now established a leading the two French carmakers, CEESAR (an organization modified the design of the 50 years of real-world safety position in the safety of electric vehicles. that collects accident created the LAB in 1969 as front of vehicles to improve Our experience comes from observing accident sit- an EIG (economic interest data), and the French pedestrian protection. To respond to the diversity of situations, risks and new interministerial delegation uations. We began in 1969, when we co-founded the grouping). challenges posed by electric and hybrid vehicles, we for road safety, Gustave LAB, the laboratory for accident research, biome- analyze statistical data from real-life situations and Eiffel University, CEREMA chanics and human behavior studies. Its mission is tests. We also work with an in-house network of experts (a public institution that to use scientific knowledge to observe, analyze and and representatives grouped into 50 areas of expertise. supports public policy anticipate accidents, and to help manufacturers in Based on experience and the application of internal on urban planning and designing vehicles that can avoid accidents or reduce knowledge, engineers can determine the most relevant transport), the VeDeCom their severity. The LAB has produced world-renowned active, passive or tertiary safety solutions and integrate Institute (a research institute scientific expertise and delivered major innovations in them into our vehicle ranges. In addition to protection, dedicated to sustainable road safety, such as the three-point seatbelt, stand- our new equipment supports drivers, so that they can mobility) and the SystemX ard use of pretensioning systems and airbags, more KEY FACT bring their focus back on safety. We also take initiatives Institute for Technological rigid vehicle structures, more flexible interior trim to train emergency services on what makes emergency Research. parts that may be in contact with the occupant in the operations different on an electric or hybrid vehicle. In under 50 years, event of impact, and development of active safety systems (ADASs). Statistics, the advancement of cal- the LAB’s world-renowned culation tools and our strategic choices have made research has contributed passive safety an essential component in the design to reducing the number of our vehicles. of road deaths by 80%. 46 A more sustainable strategy Caring cars 2021-2022 Integrated Report 49 A new generation Innovating to save lives of safer vehicles Improving the safety of road users is in our DNA. We continuously innovate and take a global approach to designing technological advances on our vehicles. Designing safe vehicles that prioritize user safety This is to minimize the occurrence of accidents and make sure that in the event to reduce the number of accidents and casualties of an impact, victims are more frightened than hurt. on roads is among our commitments. Modified design of the front of vehicles Matrix Vision LEDs and automatic To improve pedestrian protection and limit Detecting risks, guiding the driver, “In the future, cars will headlight beams the risk of injury in the event of contact then acting to avoid an accident interact with their environment Adapted intensity of different parts in real time, via either V2V of the light beam and optimized switching What can we do about distracted driving? Drive a car or V2I data communication, between high beams and low beams that knows you are not infallible. A car that detects to avoid glare risky behavior and promotes preventive driving. to warn the occupant and users Rescue Code All new Renault vehicles will offer a Safety Score. of hazards as soon as possible.” Rapid access to Modeled after the EcoScore, this tool analyzes driving rescue sheet for habits and provides driving advice adapted to each Active emergency emergency services individual. The principle is simple: based on the data braking system from the vehicle’s sensors, simple driving criteria are Activated when the developed in order to establish a driving score from driver does not react the point of view of safety. to certain collision More rigid vehicle risks detected by structure A dangerous bend, a road that is statistically respon- Gilles Le Borgne sensors to avoid or To guarantee sible for a large number of accidents, emergence of EVP Engineering reduce impact of Renault Group passengers a safer a hazard, etc. The Safety Coach system warns drivers living space of the risks along their journey based on surrounding data via visual, sound and touch interfaces. Lastly, Safe Guardian limits or reduces speed in case of risky events. As of 2022, Megane-e features a sys- Safe driving aids tem that automatically adjusts speed to the legal limit Rescuing people rapidly Automatic adjustment More flexible interior trim and roadway geometry. Speed will also be limited to by adapting to new electrical risks to legal speed limits, traffic sign recognition, 180 km/h on Renault and Dacia models. To help reduce the risk New technology can make rescue operations more emergency lane keeping, of injury for front seat complex in the event of an accident. Our engineers blind spot vehicle occupants detection system have come up with safe responses to these new risks with two innovations. Fireman Access makes it easier for firefighters to deal with battery fires on electric vehicles with a part Passenger protection they can use to pour water into the battery. Using systems this device, the operation takes only a few minutes Fireman Access Front and side airbags instead of two hours. Already added to electric and Rapid extinction of battery fires plug-in hybrid vehicles, Fireman Access will be rolled and seatbelt Enhanced seat and headrest behavior pretensioning system “We are trying to align the DNA out on all future plug-in hybrid and electric models of the Renault brand – more from the Renault, Dacia and Alpine ranges. To prevent neck injuries in a rear or Advanced notifications E-call human, warm, car for life and The Rescue Code is a QR code that instantly provides frontal impact Information reported to emergency Connected emergency call for living – [with] the innovations emergency services with all the useful information on services such as the level of severity assistance in the event of an the architecture and systems that can impact them to optimize rescue accident that we select.” in their efforts. That means passenger assistance comes nearly 15 minutes faster. 3 levels of safety We are currently the only car manufacturer to offer these technological enhancements to firefighters. To 1 Primary 2 Secondary 3 Tertiary enable them to practice and train for emergency calls on new-generation vehicles, we are donating several or active, before an accident, or passive, during an accident, after an accident, to limit Olivier Brosse hundred vehicles to fire departments in 12 European to avoid it to reduce severity (for consequences and facilitate VP Engineering countries. passengers and other users emergency rescue operations of the Renault Brand such as pedestrians) The features shown are the ones in Megane E-TECH. 48 A more sustainable strategy Caring cars 2021-2022 Integrated Report 51 Bringing on the future with the Software République, an ecosystem Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi Alliance dedicated to innovation Built on the principles of sharing investment and pooling our respective JOINT INTERVIEW WITH Éric Feunteun expertise, the Alliance’s business model gives us a unique and powerful Chief Operating Officer technological and financial advantage in areas such as electrification, of Software République safety, industrialization and user experience. The aim is to amplify synergies to put us on the forefront of future mobility, enhance our competitive edge and bring more value to all our stakeholders. Luc Julia AI Expert, Chief Scientific Officer of Renault Group advanced software and increased cooperation within the ecosystem. It was therefore logical to create this ecosystem. invested €10 billion in electrification and will invest a What is Software République? What solutions does Software République further €23 billion over the next five years. A shared aim to develop? strategy is also being adopted for charging stations Luc Julia: Launched with Atos, Dassault Systèmes, STMicroelectronics and Thales, Software E.F.: By pooling our complementary expertise compatible with all Alliance vehicles, through the sup- in artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, on-board port of Mobilize and the partnership with Ionity. République is an ecosystem aimed at innovation in intelligent mobility. The initiative brings together systems and so forth, we hope to develop solutions leading companies and innovative start-ups that facilitate the accessibility of regions, to create solutions and systems that will shape enhance the user experience and improve energy 25 million cars connected the future of mobility. Software République plans management. These offerings include vehicle to the Alliance Cloud by 2026 to launch products and services that will be sold systems, service platforms and new operating to Renault Group and third parties. tools. We must also realize that France and Europe Data collected from Alliance vehicles provides a urgently need to build a sustainable ecosystem Leading the electrification unique information base for sharing knowledge. By to ensure their sovereignty in this area. challenge together 2026, 25 million of these vehicles will be connected to How can such different organizations a common cloud and will help build our technological work together? For our future development, we unite in a shared vision What is the purpose of this type future based on the data they provide. This exten- built around the Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi Alliance. L. J.: Software République is an economic interest of investment for the Group? This collaboration allows us to pool costs and exper- sive network is already proving useful for our electric vehicles. With 30 billion kilometers driven by Alliance grouping, which incubates projects in the design tise and then deploy jointly developed technology on and preliminary phase. When a project is given the L.J.: Software République is a unique form of vehicles. By 2026, 80% of the vehicle platforms used electric vehicles, we have the most comprehensive cooperation in Europe that meets the Group’s green-light, the most appropriate structure and by the Alliance will be shared (compared with 60% in database of battery usage in the industry. needs with speed and agility, and by joining forces legal form are selected to support the new business. 2021). By 2030, 35 EV models, or 90% of all models sold Each partner has equal decision-making power in with third parties. It supports Renault Group’s by Alliance members, will use one of the five common handling day-to-day operations, but Renault Group technological transition towards a tech company EV platforms. Stronger and more efficient together has created an entire team to make sure everything model without the Group having to make all the runs smoothly. The leaders of the six groups meet necessary efforts alone. As such, we will be able Our battery strategy has led us to make bold stand- To benefit from economies of scale and facilitate the to capture value. ardization choices within the Alliance. All of our BEV integration of our joint development, Alliance members regularly. launches will feature a standard battery architecture are pooling their industrial infrastructure. On a daily and NMC-based chemistry (nickel, manganese and basis, 29 plants produce vehicles for the Alliance that cobalt), to offer competitive and efficient packs. With Why develop an ecosystem Have you already successfully launched mobility share the same platform, powertrain and/or battery. solutions through Software République? these technologies, the Alliance is expected to sell 1 for intelligent mobility? million electric vehicles worldwide by 2030. The Alliance also connects us with a common net- L.J.: We’re working on a project for the next Éric Feunteun: Never has mobility evolved as fast Similarly, the roadmap defined to develop standard work of suppliers, empowering us to form original and as radically as it has in recent years. These generations of cybersecurity solutions for vehicles. all-solid-state batteries aims to improve costs and partnerships, such as our agreements with Google or tremendous changes are pushing automotive and We have also launched our first-generation joint efficiency and achieve an annual production capac- Envision AESC. Our total annual purchases amount to technology companies to innovate so that they can start-up incubator. With a customized program ity of 220 GWh by 2030. The Alliance has already over €100 billion (excluding the COVID-19 period), pro- meet new challenges. Electrification, connectivity and access to experts from all six groups, start-ups viding leverage for collaboration with suppliers. And and the move from an economy of ownership to an can grow and launch joint projects. this is an essential component to our strategic vision. economy of use are disruptions that require more 50 2021-2022 Integrated Report 53 Inclusion Business Caring transformation Stakeholders company The decarbonization of mobility, new vehicle technology and the advent of an economy of use are driving us to adapt our strategy and reinvent our businesses. Men and women are our primary asset. That is why we are navigating these transformations with an emphasis on employment and training. For example, we are setting up ambitious organizations to train our employees in these new professions, to guarantee their employability throughout their career and to promote mobility. We tackle these challenges while taking action for equality and inclusion. These values are carried beyond our walls by helping people enter the workforce through inclusive mobility for society at large. 52 A more sustainable strategy Caring company 2021-2022 Integrated Report 55 Reinventing our businesses a w rd from... The need to develop new skills is growing in the automotive industry. Three clusters are addressing the three challenges – vehicle electrification, the circular economy of mobility and the digital transformation of services – and reflect our capacity to innovate and to open up to our ecosystem. Lena Le Reste They are also effecting our shift towards a tech-intensive and Engineer turned Head of the Batteries Department partnership-based business model. Ambroise Sylva Fitter turned You have been an automotive painter engineer at Renault Group for over 18 years. Electricity cluster: What path has your How did your experience career followed? at Renault Group lead ElectriCity, the leader you to this position? Renault ElectriCity is the largest, most competi- I started with the tive electric vehicle production center in Europe. It Group as an engineer I have been working brings together the three Renault plants in northern specialized in at Renault since 2013. I France – Douai, Maubeuge and Ruitz – along with the developing lubricants. started out as a fitter. MegaFactory, an electric motor production plant in At the time, I knew Then in 2021, when the Normandy. ElectriCity aims to produce 400,000 elec- nothing about the automotive industry! Flins plant became the tric vehicles per year by 2025 and unite an entire eco- That experience quickly led me to discover Refactory, there were system of suppliers to unleash new opportunities for the world of mechanical design. After fewer assembly jobs. future mobility. Through the people who are part of it, holding four positions in the Mechanical So I was offered the this hub has all the strengths it needs to become the Engineering Department, I began looking into job of painter. Lots of people were retrained European leader in terms of expertise and production, electrification. in other positions. Some former coworkers across the entire electric car value chain. became painters like me, while others moved These days, you contribute to the Group’s on to preparation, mechanics, cosmetics, etc. strategic shift towards electric vehicles. How did this transition take place? What does your current job involve? Circular economy cluster: the Refactory, a new economic model In 2017, I wanted a management position within I paint vehicle parts, such as doors and a business line, and I took a job as Head of bumpers. After protecting the vehicle with The circular economy is one of the main drivers for tape, we mask it. Then we paint it, apply achieving carbon neutrality and reducing our use the Batteries Department. The department is soon be home to the Advanced Manufacturing center two coats of gloss, and let it cure until dry. of raw materials. With the first production center continuously evolving, and 2020 was a pivotal of excellence for vehicle prototyping and testing. Depending how many parts need to be painted, located in Flins, France, the Refactory is Europe’s first year with further development and market Employees are supported in moving towards new pro- I can work on up to seven cars a day. circular economy factory dedicated to mobility. launches. This trend is speeding up with the fessions and can develop their skills on the training Renaulution plan, and we currently have 14 campus, through new academic and continuing edu- How did Renault support you in your Its project incubator, open to our employees and projects in development. cation programs and through partnerships in applied professional retraining? external partners, develops innovations to support research on the circular economy. How were you supported by the Group through the energy transition. The site features an experi- mentation area within industrial facilities and will the changes in your job responsibilities? At first, I didn’t know anything about the job. It’s very different from assembly. I took a Data, software and cybersecurity When I joined the department, I received course at the Global Training Center for four cluster: digital technology at the heart training on the technical aspects of batteries months. After the theory classes, we began and on how to manage managers. I was also the practical training to master painting of mobility techniques. Painting is like dancing, it’s art! lucky enough to have dedicated coworkers, The standards and practices of technological facilita- who helped bring me up to speed on this new And now I love my job. tors such as artificial intelligence, big data and cyber- technical field and its jargon, so that I could security are changing. That means we must have quickly focus on my position as manager. 82.1% the necessary upskilling capabilities and structure these new skill sets to accelerate the development of these innovations. Our third division relies in par- training access rate ticular on the ecosystem organized around Software République to steer our transition towards digital busi- (excluding AVTOVAZ and 72.6% nesses and make Renault Group a key player in this including AVTOVAZ) technological sector. 54 A more sustainable strategy Caring company 2021-2022 Integrated Report 57 ReKnow University: a Group ambition ReKnow University is a training organization created by the Group that teaches people the skills they will need in the future to maintain and protect employability for all. This ambitious structure is based on a unique model, operating in project mode, interacting with different ecosystems, and integrating industrial and academic partners ranging from high school to higher learning institutions. More than 2,600 employees trained through ReKnow University This new organization pools and develops all the The Refactory campus in Flins will focus on the circu- upskilling and reskilling opportunities for Group and lar economy, to prepare for jobs in recycling, retrofit- “ReKnow University sector employees. ReKnow is structured around the ting and dismantling. Training courses developed in is an ambitious structure three clusters directly related to the transformation partnership with Pôle Emploi and GRETA will also be and driving force in the of our business activities: the electric mobility cluster, open to job seekers in the region. essential transformation the circular economy cluster, and the cybersecurity, of our businesses.” data and software cluster. Lastly, our involvement in Software République also Meeting the challenge allows us to build new programs around data, cyber- security and software of industry change Open and collaborative training The automotive sector is undergoing profound changes that impact our work every day. In France, ReKnow University brings together industrial, aca- Supporting our employees the transition from internal combustion engines to demic and institutional partners that build and roll out Our goal: 12,000 in their new careers electric motors affects nearly 50,000 employees. But original initial training and continuing education mod- this directional shift is also unlocking new opportuni- ules as part of courses for certifications and diplomas. ReKnow University is dedicated to Group employees ties. The Foundation for Nature and Mankind predicts for this initial phase of deployment. Already in 2021, it that over the next 10 years 15,000 jobs will be created We have also co-founded the E-Mobility Academy equipped more than 2,600 employees for careers of employees trained to support the transition from internal combustion the future. By 2025, more than 12,000 employees will by 2025 in battery production, 9,000 in recycling and 5,700 in engine to electric cars, which we need for the electric be trained in new skills needed for electric, connected retrofitting. motor MegaFactory in Cléon and Renault ElectriCity in and autonomous vehicles, and related technologies. This means that business lines must adapt, which is northern France. This academy will enable our indus- also reflected in the Renaulution strategic plan. It is trial partners and local communities to develop the in this context that ReKnow University was founded. skills needed to deploy electric-powered mobility. 56 A more sustainable strategy Caring company 2021-2022 Integrated Report 59 Priority on staff health Strengthening inclusion, and safety creating opportunities Our teams and coworkers are the source of our success. Diversity is a source of wealth and a competitive advantage. That makes their health and safety a permanent priority. That’s why we decided to make inclusion a main focus of To protect them and achieve zero accidents and occupational our Sustainable Development strategy. We have also set up illnesses, we are pursuing an ambitious policy while continuously a Diversity & Inclusion Department to strengthen diversity implementing new tools to improve our performance in this area within the Group and ensure that everyone can enjoy a safe in all countries where we operate. and respectful working environment. Exemplary managers Working towards more equal One of the main changes in our health and safety cul- representation of women and men ture is the importance given to exemplary leadership from all members of management. They must all set an example and demonstrate that health and safety are strong values. in the Group We take every possible step to become a leading employer for women. For several years, we have 1.3% gender pay gap in 2021, enforced a proactive policy of equal pay. Now, we The Health and Safety Policy was signed by Luca de want to encourage more women to join our manage- down 1.5 points from 2020 Meo in 2021 with the goal that “everyone impacted by ment staff. As such, we have set a target for the per- our activity should return home safely and in good centage of management positions in our workforce health”. We aim for all our sites, whatever they do held by women at 30% by 2030, 35% by 2035 and 50% and wherever they are, to share a common ambition by 2050. around proactivity and risk prevention. On top of quantitative targets, improving inclusion is crucial. A global communication campaign in 2021 Developing a health and safety culture aimed to do that by raising awareness about every- Promoting health for all day sexism. We have also recently restarted the The Health, Safety, Ergonomics and Environment we want to provide a working environment based on In Algeria, Brazil, Spain, Portugal, France, Morocco, Women@RenaultGroup network to promote recog- respect, we signed France’s #StOpE (Stop Everyday (HSEE) Department was created in 2016 to build the Romania and Slovenia, medical coordinators lead nition and empowerment of women within the Group. Sexism in the Workplace) Charter in December 2020 Renault health and safety management system and the corporate culture to go with it. In 2017, 10 basic the site’s occupational health teams. Together, they and the United Nations’ Women’s Empowerment In 2018, we created a specific training course with safety rules were set, covering 74 key requirements look after our employees to keep everyone as healthy Principles in early 2022. London Business School, to help the Group’s female that range from 5S to work on installations and on to as possible both inside and outside the workplace. In employees to access roles at the highest level of safe access to dangerous parts of machinery. The 2021, these medical teams also launched prevention responsibility, and a new program for women in mid- sites have developed internal safety schools that campaigns. For example, Algeria launched a nutri- dle management in partnership with SKEMA Business Respecting what makes each introduce these basic rules and ensure that everyone tion and diabetes awareness campaign. And Brazil individual unique School. We have also formed various partnerships working there knows them. has been involved in breast cancer prevention initia- with non-profit organizations to encourage female tives. In parallel, our goal is to achieve optimal medical In 2012, our employees created the We’R OutStandInG high school and university students to consider Other basic rules on industrial hygiene (health), ergo- insurance coverage, in line with local practices, for all network to promote an open, caring work environ- careers in science and technical fields. And because nomics, burns and asphyxiation, the environment and our employees worldwide. ment for LGBT+ individuals. In 2020, we signed the HSEE in projects were recently established. The health UN Free and Equal standards and the L’Autre Cercle and environment rules have already been rolled out, charter. and the others will follow. Renault Group gives consid- eration to both physical and psychological risks. One NUMBER OF ACCIDENTS OVER THE FULL YEAR We also signed a manifesto for the inclusion of per- of the rules specifically covers mental health, a key sons with disabilities in 2019 and a charter for the issue in today’s fluid context. 2017 2021 2022* employment of people over 50 at the beginning of FR0 (frequency of 4,691 1,979 1,659 2022. All these commitments and actions have been The next step in raising health and safety awareness accidents requiring (-64% C/W 2017) implemented to support the inclusion of each individ- is specific training on the workstation, at all Group ual within our Group. plants. This requires participation from all employees first aid) “Guaranteeing diversity and points out that everyone must look out for their FR2 (frequency of 700 268 207 means fostering our capacity own health and safety as well as that of their cowork- accidents with sick (-70% C/W 2017) to move beyond traditional ers, by remaining aware of hazards and adapting their leave) limits in order to innovate. behavior accordingly. In an industry facing changes Significant decrease in the number of accidents since the HSEE Department was created. as radical as ours, this is not —* Estimate based on first-quarter results. an extravagance. It’s vital.” 58 2021-2022 Integrated Report 61 Ecosystem Sharing Sharing Dynamism growth New mobility poses a range of challenges that call for a range of solutions. And we are convinced that the most innovative, most effective responses come from dialog and networking. To stimulate creativity everywhere we are located, we combine all the energies in our ecosystem in a cross-functional approach that mobilizes manufacturers and technology companies, our employees, social partners, regions and civil society. Connecting all these minds from different spheres accelerates innovation to collectively bring about changes in mobility. The strength of this combined expertise makes for numerous shared projects and ensures that our new services and solutions meet the widest possible spectrum of needs. These shared accomplishments and our influence thus contribute to creating value that is shared between our stakeholders. Together, day after day, we are building an economic and conceptual model with less environmental impact and greater social impact. We are creating an economy that seeks to reconcile environmental protection with human progress, for our customers, our partners and our employees. 60 A more sustainable strategy Sharing growth 2021-2022 Integrated Report 63 Our stakeholders at the heart of our development We are rethinking our business model in the light of technological advances, changing uses and increasing regulatory pressures. Working with and for every player in our ecosystem, we create value that is shared with all our stakeholders. Promoting dialog Building a robust and sustainable with social partners supply chain with our suppliers Dialog with social partners is essential to building our To safeguard our resources and ensure that our sup- future in a shared and inclusive way. We have also ply chain is aligned with our values, we drew up a established Group Works Councils tasked with shar- responsible purchasing policy based on risk mapping ing our strategic orientation with social partners in by country, supplier and material.1 We incorporate France and worldwide. compliance with social and environmental standards into our supplier selection criteria and relationships. Personnel representatives are routinely consulted Suppliers must commit in writing to meet our expec- Contributing to research At the same time, we provide our support and expertise on every decision affecting our employees’ working tations in terms of compliance, safety, quality, human to non-profits involved in sustainable mobility, like the conditions. Every year, between €100 million and €150 million is Fondation pour la Nature et l’Homme and EHOP. In the rights, labor law and environmental law. They in turn allocated to research and advanced engineering in must require the same standards from their own sup- biodiversity sphere, we are also members of the Global the early stages of vehicle projects. Renault Group has Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber (GPSNR), pliers. We also ask them to have their CSR compliance incorporated around 90 postgraduate students into Promoting collaborative assessed by a certified organization. which aims to improve practices around the sustain- its teams as part of the CIFRE convention, with sup- able use of rubber. As part of our commitment to the management port from the French national research and technol- We perform audits every year, followed up where nec- act4nature initiative, we have completed a positive ini- In 2019, to support the changes in our organization, essary by corrective action plans. And with regard to ogy association (ANRT). This program complements tial assessment of our initiatives to promote biodiver- we signed the second global framework agree- conflict minerals, we have created a dedicated policy the studies conducted by in-house Renault Group sity and implemented nine new public commitments ment, “Building the world of work together at Renault based on OECD guidelines. research teams. With 14 research chairs, we provide that meet SMART (Specific, Measurable, Additional, Group.” It was named the most innovative collective academic institutions with support and expert input Realistic and Time-bound) criteria. These have all been agreement by Les Assises du Droit Sociale (ADS). on energy transition and digital transition. We also acknowledged by the act4nature steering committee, Developing new mobility support research at the IMD (Institut de la Mobilité which incorporates companies, business networks, The aim is to better prepare for and cope with per- Durable – Institute for Sustainable Mobility), which we with territories environmental organizations and scientific bodies. manent changes in our sector, based on dialog with co-founded with ParisTech in 2009. We finance theses employees and their representative bodies. The From public transportation, active mobility and and collaboration contracts with the IMD’s academic In terms of gender diversity, in January 2022, we signed agreement incorporates a collaborative manage- car-sharing to investment in electric and hydrogen teams on disruptive technologies, alternative ener- the United Nations’ Women’s Empowerment Principles ment system and lasting commitment to inclusion, mobility, the territories are creating a wealth of initia- gies and new mobility, in Europe and worldwide. to mark our worldwide commitment to promoting gen- work-life balance and the adaptation of the working tives to deploy new forms of mobility. In 2019, regions der equality in the workplace. environment. A 2021 addendum set out teleworking The objective of all these partnerships is to bring in France invested on average 27% of their budgets together researchers and professionals to build tomor- In addition to these partnerships, we maintain con- conditions for all our employees. in transportation as a contribution to ecological tran- row’s technological and service-based solutions. stant dialog with NGOs to guide our social, societal and sition in mobility. We support this movement all over environmental activities. the world. In European city centers, less dense suburban zones Committed to civil society and rural areas, over 12,000 Renault electric vehicles We work closely with non-governmental organizations are already available to car-sharing service users. that help us to design and build action we take, then Mobilize solutions can be combined within towns, assess its performance. In the circular economy sec- cities and regions to help them achieve carbon neu- tor, a key area for the Group’s competitiveness, we are 800 trality, as is already happening in the Smart Islands, a strategic founding partner of the Ellen MacArthur Europe and Brazil. Foundation. supplier groups for parts and services — (1) For more information, see our vigilance plan in the 2021 Universal Registration Document (2.2.3). 62 A more sustainable strategy Sharing growth 2021-2022 Integrated Report 65 Vehicles for the most Integration through employment disadvantaged with the Renault Group Foundation Employment is closely linked to mobility. A lack of mobility We are a long-standing player in the French economy. is a barrier to social and professional inclusion for millions As such, we aim to promote equal opportunities and contribute of people who have been forced to give up jobs or training to making employment more accessible for the most disadvantaged. due to a lack of transportation. Convinced of mobility’s social role, we offer vehicle financing solutions so that no one is left by the roadside. Involved and committed employees Engaging employees at its side is a key element of the Renault Group Foundation’s new roadmap. In 2021, the Foundation made a salary rounding scheme available to all employees in France. Each month, employees Caremakers: who wish to do so can make voluntary donations to vehicles for the most vulnerable various non-profits directly from their pay slips. The Foundation matches 100% of their donations. At the Through Caremakers, we are developing inclusive same time, all our partnerships enable our employees mobility solutions to facilitate access to employment. to becoming involved through volunteering, solidarity It enables people who are ineligible for banking credit team building, mentoring, etc. to repair, maintain or buy a vehicle. For example, Dacia Sandero Essentiel is available from €32 a month with the conversion premium (or €96 a month without the premium). This is provided through a lease-to-own arrangement incorporating a micro-loan taken out Giving vulnerable people a future with one of our partners. The Renault Group Foundation, launched in 2001, now These offers are easily accessible either through a operates in line with our Purpose: actively committing network of influencers or directly from our website1. to solidarity and integration through employment for They can also be accessed via the network of Dacia those who need it most. Its projects, in France and and Renault “Garages Solidaires.” They are recog- around the world, aim to reinstate equal opportuni- nized by the French government and included in the ties, and to advise and support vulnerable people list of mobility assistance programs maintained by seeking to enter or return to the job market. For exam- the Ministry of Labor, Employment and Economic ple, it helps to fund driver’s licenses for workers on Inclusion. They are also listed on the new online plat- employment schemes at Restos du Coeur, supports form developed with Pôle Emploi to enable job seek- female entrepreneurs from priority neighborhoods Renault Foundation Morocco: ers to determine which assistance programs are with Initiatives France, and is working to tackle digital helping very young people to realize available in a given area2. illiteracy with Emmaüs Connect. In 2021, employment support from the Renault Group Foundation and its their potential local foundations benefited 9,044 people. The Foundation is has also provided Aid on the rise supporting the fight a comprehensive At the end of 2021, there were 347 Dacia and Renault against school drop- curriculum for deserving Acting together on a global scale outs with four preschool graduates from the “Garages Solidaires” spread across France, with 509 vehicles ordered and financed through the To increase its impact, the Renault Group Foundation classes opened in Fahs Melloussa high school 50% of job seekers Caremakers program. To increase the program’s impact, a dedicated web- site was created. During the year, we updated the site works with six local foundations (Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Morocco, Spain and Romania), which sup- port its sponsorship activities all over the world. A stra- Anjra Province, since 2018. It also provides students with school buses, managed jointly in Tangier to support them in their higher education. Additionally, in partnership with tegic convergence of all these foundations around to increase our processing capacity and response, integration into employment began in 2021. Today, the with the townships the AlJisr non-profit, say they have turned and to make it easier for our partners to recommend seven foundations regularly discuss and draw mutual concerned. These it supports 30 young down work or training our solutions. inspiration from their respective projects. transport almost 2,100 volunteers in an I.T. due to a lack These changes are having direct positive effects on students every day. The training and employment of transportation employment and changing lives for the most vulnera- Bibliobus project makes integration program to ble people, which has encouraged us to develop these reading accessible to support them in their offers in other countries. We are making every effort schoolchildren. And since integration into Renault to multiply the number of people benefiting from the 2019, the Foundation Group and its partners. — Almost €5.2 million invested in social and societal causes — (1) www.caremakersmobility.com initiative tenfold by 2025. by Renault Group and its foundations in 2021. — (2) https://mes-aides.pole-emploi.fr 64 Publication director: Cléa Martinet Contributors: J.-P. Bahuaud, A. Ballu, P. Bastard, H. Baudelocque, P. Benammar, S. Bhambra, J.-P. Billai, G. Boisseau, L. Bouchard, N. Bouvart, O. Brosse, S. Buffat, B. Chavanel, S. Chazelle, Y. Chenot, L. Claude, J.-D. Curt, F. Deca, V. Demiaux, P. Esposito, H. Fayard, E. Feunteun, R. Gancel, G. Gerbaud, C. Gros, X. Gruson, E. Guillot, X. Hua Schwab, L. Julia, S. Khaled, J.-C. Labarre, S. Lacaze, G. Le Borgne, P. Le Luel, L. Le Reste, D. Lucas, C. Maes, J.-F. Martin, E. Moreau, S. Mornet, L. Mouchet, L. Nait, N. Nakatani, T. Orsini, C. Petit, E. Pesnelle, F. Pierrard, C. de Quatrebarbes, I. Rekaibi, L. Remy, S. Renaudin, F. Ribeiro, K. Robson, O. Roederer, D. Rosain-Boussiquet, J.-F. Salessy, V. Sarlat-Despotte, V. Sauvet-Goichon, P. de Schonen, G. Soulié, C. Stein, A. Sylva, C. Taffin, O. Tamburini, M. Valcarcel, G. Vidal Photo credits: Alessandro Roth, Amos Fricke, Augustin Detienne, Yves Forestier; Peter Allan; Alex Giraud; Franck Juery / Capa Pictures / Safran; XLahache; Real CRO; Peter Allan; Yves-Forestier; Renault Group; Julien Lutt / Capa Pictures; Denis Felix; Olivier Martin Gambier; Alexander Zaitsev; Luc Perenom; GREG; Hadrien Picard; XPB/James Moy Photography Ltd, GaudiLab/Shutterstock; Adobe Stock: nblxer, Anna, Danoz, Jacob Lund; GettyImages: Alexwise, Jim Smithson, Jason Cameron, Petra Debeljak, Westend61 / Gustafsson, John Molloy, Monty Rakusen; LE7BUREAU. Design and production: EY | Sidièse Copyright ©2022 Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. This publication contains information developed by Sustainalytics (www.sustainalytics.com). Such information and data are proprietary of Sustainalytics and/ or its third party suppliers (Third Party Data) and are provided for informational purposes only. They do not constitute an endorsement of any product or project, nor an investment advice and are not warranted to be complete, timely, accurate or suitable for a particular purpose. Their use is subject to conditions available at https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers. The use by Renault Group of any MSCI ESG RESEARCH LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Renault Group by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI. The methods used to produce the various performance indicators presented in this report are discussed in Renault Group’s universal registration document.
