 Our Risk Management Policy sets out Roche’s UN Sustainable Development Goals approach to identifying, analysing, managing We support the United Nations Sustainable and reporting internal and external risks and Development Goals (SDGs) within the sphere of our opportunities. A consolidated Group Risk Report, corporate business strategy. We contribute to a which covers all material risks and opportunities, is number of the SDGs, but our greatest contribution is discussed annually with the Corporate Executive to SDG 3, Good Health and Well-Being. This goal is Committee and reviewed by the Board of Directors. closely connected with the achievement of universal health coverage, which goes hand in hand with The effectiveness of the Group Risk Management better access to quality essential medicines and Process is regularly monitored by the Group Risk diagnostics. This is fully aligned with our vision to Advisory team and the overall process reviewed improve and save lives. Since 2016, the SDGs have by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, been an integral part of our annual reporting. Report 2022: ar22.roche.com | roche.com/ar22e.pdf | roche.com/fb22e.pdf Risk management: roche.com/risk-management | Key Performance Indicators: roche.com/performance Our reporting approach | Roche 31 Business sustainability trends Examples of our contribution to the UN goals are listed on our UN SDG webpage (see link on Future of work page 32) and are mapped to our material topics Trend descriptor: New, diverse and complex working models (remote, as featured on page 33. As a signatory of the UN hybrid) lead to an increasingly fluid workspace and workforce, which Global Compact (UNGC), we commit to integrate requires an agile workforce management to avoid negative impacts as the universal principles in the areas of human well as to leverage positive impacts on talent attraction, retention and rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption engagement, especially in a highly innovation-dependent sector. into our business strategy, culture and daily operations and to report on the results achieved Opportunity: Roche can be positioned as an attractive employer each year. We published our first Communication through our flexible ways of working. on Progress (CoP) in the first quarter of 2022 and will submit our second CoP in the first quarter Risk: Disconnection within the company and increased silo thinking of 2023. can reduce innovation and drive duplication. External assurance Some selected key figures of our non-financial Mistrust and scepticism in science reporting for the year ended 31 December 2022 Trend descriptor: A growing educational gap and populism with have been subject to limited assurance procedures increasing spread of fake news (intended or unintended) are leading to performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (PwC), mistrust and scepticism in science, medical therapies, pharmaceutical an independent third-party assurance provider. industry and institutions. PwC provides limited assurance on selected key figures in the areas of: i) safety, security, health and Opportunity: A competitive advantage can be created for Roche environmental protection, ii) people and culture and through the strengthening of relationships with governments, patient iii) grants, donations, and sponsorships. These key organisations, payers and doctors (e.g. sharing information, providing figures are disclosed in the Annual report and/or education). on the non-financial reporting webpage, together with the related PwC limited assurance report, and Risk: Patients and society are not benefitting from scientific are defined in our Non-Financial Reporting Metrics advancements and resulting medicines due to lack of awareness or Guidelines – Basis for Preparation. saturation with false information. See ‘Independent Assurance Report’ on page 210. The full list of business sustainability trends and their associated risks and opportunities can be found on our risk management website (link on the previous page). 32 Materiality and impact Our purpose is Doing now what patients need next. Environment How we identify and meet those needs – what we do The respect for a healthy planet and for the every day – must be sustainable if we are to succeed. environment has always been a priority of our It is why sustainability is built into our business founding families and the company. We are strategy and part of everyone’s job at Roche. committed to halving the environmental impact of our operations and products from 2019 to Our approach is holistic and integrates the three 2029. And we aim to reduce our own greenhouse dimensions of sustainability: gas emissions to absolute zero by 2050, while • Society – how we contribute to a better partnering with our suppliers to reduce their tomorrow for all emissions for our mutual benefit. • Environment – how we minimise our impact on nature Economy • Economy – how we invest in medical advances, Our business must meet the needs of patients create jobs and ensure livelihoods and continue creating quality jobs that provide people and their families with secure livelihoods, What does this mean for each of us at Roche, while earning competitive returns for our investors. every day? We do this by promoting innovation and by translating science into pioneering medicines Society and diagnostics that help patients live longer, We contribute to a better society by enabling the better and more productive lives – enabling them right treatment for the right patient at the right to support themselves and contribute to their time for the right value. We do this by developing local economies. new medicines and ways of diagnosing disease and gaining insights from data. Our commitment to As described in our strategy, our set-up is expand access to these innovations will help more designed for innovation. Our autonomous research patients live longer, better lives. And with this comes and development centres and alliances with more a deep respect for the human rights of everyone than 250 external partners foster a diversity we reach, especially patients, business partners, of scientific approaches and agility. Roche suppliers, local communities and, of course, our operates in over 150 countries where our local colleagues around the world. It is why we emphasise teams implement our strategy. We measure our employee safety, health and development while performance and report to all our stakeholders promoting diversity and inclusion, integrity, mutual the progress towards the goals we have set respect and equal opportunities for all. ourselves. Sustainability: roche.com/sustainability | Materiality: roche.com/materiality | Stakeholder engagement: roche.com/stakeholder_engagement | Key performance indicators: roche.com/performance | Our contribution to the UN SDGs: roche.com/un-sdgs Materiality and impact | Roche 33 Society Environment Sustainability Economy Our 19 material topics Access to healthcare Ethics and compliance Affordability of healthcare Compliance Availability of healthcare Ethics and transparency Sustainable healthcare systems Human rights Digitalisation Employee engagement Cybersecurity Organisational agility Data privacy Preparedness for ageing society Personalised healthcare Talent attraction and retention Real-world data Energy efficiency Science and innovation Energy efficiency Patient centricity Preparedness for ageing society Long-term mindset R&D efficiency Long-term mindset Product quality and safety Product safety Product quality 34 Materiality assessment and Impact-driven sustainability initiatives stakeholder engagement In order to maximise our impact within and Engaging with our stakeholders is essential to build beyond the healthcare industry, we have joined trust and an understanding of their expectations. two notable sustainability initiatives, namely By embedding their feedback in our strategy and the Sustainable Market Initiative and the Value our daily business, we are able to jointly address our Balancing Alliance. common issues and develop long-term solutions. The Sustainable Market Initiative (SMI) is a In order to identify the topics that are particularly multi-stakeholder initiative which aims to lead the relevant to Roche, our stakeholders and society transition to a sustainable future by convening at large and to deliver lasting shared value, we public- and private-sector leaders to align conducted an in-depth materiality assessment economic value with social and environmental at corporate level among our key stakeholders sustainability. Part of the SMI commitments in 2018/2019. Our approach to materiality are the climate actions in line with the Science assessment is integrated – building on our Group Based Targets Initiative (SBTi). The Value Risk Management Process – and inclusive, being Balancing Alliance (VBA) is an initiative in designed collaboratively with colleagues across which an alliance of multinational corporations multiple functions. We gathered insights from a develop and pilot, alongside leading academic broad range of internal and external stakeholders to institutions, a standardised methodology to identify the most important and pressing issues that ensure greater sustainability and transparency. Roche should address in the next three to five years. This is done through greater disclosure of We identified 19 material topics, clustered in eight environmental, social and economic impact. We main categories, that stood out as highly relevant to also support the #MakeItMandatory campaign, us and to our key stakeholders. To properly address which is calling for mandatory requirements for these topics, we have then aligned them with our all large businesses and financial institutions current goals and are measuring performance to assess and disclose their impacts and through our defined set of indicators. Additionally, dependencies on biodiversity by 2030. we are currently conducting an in-depth materiality assessment at Group level in order to update the list of material topics we identified in 2018/2019. Materiality and impact | Roche 35 Our impact Our impact Our 2022 performance Our material topics* Supporting UN SDGs Society •  14.2 million patients treated with Roche medicines • Access to healthcare How we contribute •  2 9 billion tests conducted with Roche • Product quality to a better tomorrow Diagnostics products and safety for all •  87 new molecular entities in clinical development • Digitalisation •  37% of women in executive positions • Science and innovation • Ethics and compliance • Employee engagement Environment •  32% decrease in our environmental impact • Energy efficiency per employee since 2019 How we minimise our impact on nature • 81% of our electricity coming from sustainable sources •  2 9% decrease in greenhouse gas emissions since 2019 Economy •  2 2.21% of sales invested in R&D • Long-term mindset How we invest in medical •  103,613 employees advances, create jobs and ensure livelihoods * Clustered material topics – for details see: roche.com/materiality 36 Our strategy We focus on finding new medicines and diagnostics many different stakeholders in the healthcare and on establishing data-based insights that evolve ecosystem to broaden access to our offerings the practice of medicine and that help patients live for people who need them and, ultimately, longer, better lives. to provide a seamless patient journey. We will continue to concentrate our energies on Our business environment is undergoing prescription medicines, in vitro diagnostics tremendous change. We are facing new challenges and increasingly data and insights, rather due to the complexity of care and increasing than diversify into other sectors like generics, pressure on healthcare budgets. At the same biosimilars or over-the-counter medicines. time, we see new opportunities arising from major advances in life sciences and from digitalisation Our delivery is to create value for all our in healthcare. stakeholders: being a partner of choice; bringing significant medical benefit for patients, doctors In these turbulent times, we are guided by our and payers; offering a great place to work for common purpose: Doing now what patients employees; delivering a sustainable positive need next. Our company has been bringing contribution to society; and earning competitive novel diagnostics and treatments to patients returns for our investors. for 125 years. Patients are and will remain at the core of what we do. They are the reason How we do it we come to work every day. Ultimately, delivering on our commitments takes people with integrity, courage and a passion What we do for making a difference for patients. Our people We focus on our vision of fitting treatments to are proud to say: We are Roche. patients: providing the right therapy for the right patient to ensure the best response at the right Our leadership inspires outcomes that matter time for the right value. Our approach combines our by embracing diversity and inclusion. Different rich expertise in pharmaceuticals and diagnostics backgrounds, perspectives and experiences, with expanded data science capabilities to drive across the entire organisation, foster innovative more effective and efficient research and to solutions for the benefit of patients. Our ways of enable better therapeutic decisions for patients. working enable agile and networked responses to the ever-increasing pace of change by balancing Our pursuit of excellence in science rests on four the needs for stability, speed and flexibility. key elements: an exceptionally broad and deep understanding of disease biology; the seamless Our set-up is designed for innovation. Our integration of our capabilities in pharmaceuticals autonomous research and development centres and diagnostics; a diversity of approaches to and alliances with more than 250 external partners maximise innovation; and a long-term orientation. foster a diversity of scientific approaches and agility. Our global geographical scale and reach Working in partnership with third parties, we enables us to attract talent in the leading global offer integrated solutions with improved medical, science clusters and to quickly bring our solutions health and economic benefits. We work with to people who need them. Our strategy | Roche 37 What we do How we do it Our focus Our leadership Fitting treatments to patients Inspiring outcomes that matter Our distinctiveness Our ways of working Excellence in science Agile and networked Our delivery Our set-up Value for all stakeholders Built for innovation 38 Diagnostics We are committed to advancing diagnostic solutions that can support healthcare professionals in making critical decisions for their patients’ health and also improving the way these essential tools are integrated into health systems around the world. Hiro Nitta Senior Scientific Fellow Tucson, USA Hiro’s work at Roche enables him to follow his passion of developing diagnostics to address unmet patient needs. His many scientific breakthroughs have already impacted the lives of millions of patients around the world. Diagnostics | Roche 41 Dr Bushra Jamil Professor of Medicine and Infectious Diseases Karachi, Pakistan Dr Jamil partners with stakeholders across the healthcare system to increase access to care and diagnostics in Pakistan. Her efforts have led to the provision of patient-centric integrated care. 42 Hiro Nitta Diagnostics | Roche 43 A steadfast commitment to improving access to vital diagnostics Hiro Nitta’s dedication to continually improve accurately diagnose HER2-positive patients, access for patients began when he was just a anywhere in the world. He succeeded. teenager. As an 18-year-old college student in Japan, Hiro developed a passion for all aspects of Just the beginning histology – the study of tissues. He spent his days After the new diagnostic was launched, Hiro’s dissecting samples, analysing data and eventually commitment only deepened. “Missing one patient publishing the findings that now serve as the who could be receiving life-saving therapy is one foundation for scientists involved in developing too many,” Hiro says. His new goal was to develop state-of-the-art tissue-based diagnostics. even more precise diagnostics. Those early academic days were only the beginning Hiro’s work at Roche enabled him to follow his of Hiro’s decades-long commitment to developing passion of developing diagnostics to address unmet even more precise diagnostics for HER2-positive patient needs. He has created a next-generation breast cancer patients. It’s a journey Hiro considers HER2 test that can determine which specific type of to be his life’s work. In 2000, Hiro began working cells are present in a tumour. That valuable insight for Ventana Medical Systems, which was acquired is used to inform new therapy protocols and could by Roche in 2008. Today, he is a Senior Scientific eventually enable more HER2-positive patients to Fellow in Clinical Development and Medical Affairs experience better outcomes. at the Roche Diagnostics Solutions campus in Tucson, Arizona. And he has no plans of slowing Hiro has also discovered a previously unknown type down any time soon. As Hiro explains, “We have of tumour cell structure and is working with other so much more to do for patients. There’s no time breast cancer researchers to investigate how this to waste.” type of tumour responds to targeted therapy. What is HER2? At the same time, he is developing tests that will As many as 20% of the 2.3 million cases of breast provide valuable information that cannot be cancer diagnosed globally each year are fuelled obtained through the diagnostics currently by the HER2 gene.1,2 Many HER2-positive patients available. In 2022, Hiro’s research on the novel can benefit from a specific targeted therapy. But assay which evaluates both the HER2 gene and determining which patients should receive the HER2 protein with a single tissue sample was treatments initially required highly specialised presented at meetings of the United States and technology. “Some women didn’t get the right Canadian Academy of Pathology as well as the treatment because of challenges with testing,” European Society for Medical Oncology. Hiro says. “I wasn’t okay with that.” Access has multiple elements While working at Ventana, Hiro dedicated For Hiro, improving access means that all cancer himself to developing a simpler test that could patients have the opportunity to be tested with be conducted in any lab and could quickly and the most innovative and accurate methods, and 1 Breast cancer fact sheet 2021, World Health Organization 2 Recommendations for human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 testing in breast cancer: American Society of Clinical Oncology/College of American Pathologists clinical practice guideline update Journal of Clinical Oncology 44 “Everyone deserves access to the best cancer diagnostic tools and therapies, so they can have more time with the people they love.” those results can then be used to select the point, he was not expected to survive. He considers treatment protocol that can most effectively his eventual recovery to be an invaluable second save or extend their lives. Hiro describes his chance to continue his work and to do even more commitment this way: for patients. Here is how Hiro explains the impact of his experience: “It shouldn’t matter where someone lives or how much money they have. Everyone deserves “I understand now, more than ever, the fear and hope access to the best cancer diagnostic tools and patients feel, and their worry over limited treatment therapies, so they can have more time with the options. I got a second chance to live. I believe I people they love. To help make that goal a reality survived so I could work harder than ever to give I will continue working on developing better and cancer patients their second chance. That is what more precise tissue-based cancer diagnostics this experience has left me with, and what drives for as long as I can.” me to make a greater difference.” Inspiration, everywhere Hiro still needs to manage his life due to symptoms While Hiro’s accomplishments begin in his of long COVID. This further reminds him of the laboratory, he knows the impact of his work need for better testing and treatment choices for happens outside those doors. Hiro can be found all patients. in cancer treatment facilities around the world, meeting with research collaborators. These visits A life in full provide the invaluable opportunity to connect As committed as Hiro is to his work, he does have with cancer patients and their family members. interests outside of the lab. He is an award-winning Even a casual conversation in the lobby of a magician and performs for children in hospital hospital helps Hiro maintain his focus on the paediatric units. He also raises standard poodles, ultimate beneficiaries of his work. and shows them in competition. Add to that a love of Disney and a talent for baking, and Hiro looks to By getting to know patients as people, he can be the very definition of a well-rounded individual better understand their individual journeys, the with a passion-filled life. challenges they face and their hopes for the future. “When we focus on patients,” Hiro explains, Hiro’s many scientific breakthroughs have already “we know what we must do.” impacted the lives of millions of patients around the world. His commitment to reaching even more Hiro has another unique perspective that inspires people with the highly precise diagnostics that his work. In March of 2021, he experienced a can lead to more effective treatments continues dangerously severe COVID-19 infection. At one to drive him, every day. Diagnostics | Roche 45 In his quest to continuously improve breast cancer diagnosis, Hiro Nitta spends his days investigating cancer cells. He is dedicated to ensuring patients have access to appropriate treatment options through improved understanding of cancer biology. 46 Enabling access to quality care and critical diagnostics in Pakistan Growing up with a father as a physician, Dr Bushra A move towards patient-centred care Jamil was exposed to the practice of medicine from The lack of a patient-centred system is also a a young age. Reading his medical books as a child significant challenge that Dr Jamil sees as a critical instilled a love of science and a drive to follow in gap. “If a patient requires a number of different her father’s footsteps. Despite being a female in tests, they are often sent to different clinics in a predominantly male-dominated field, Dr Jamil different areas rather than having basic diagnostics studied various areas of medicine in both Pakistan available under one roof. This is incredibly and the United Kingdom, and is now a Professor inconvenient for patients and is something we of Medicine and Infectious Diseases at Aga Khan need to address.” University Hospital (AKU) in Karachi, Pakistan, and also the President of the Medical Microbiology & In 2021, Dr Jamil served as National Coordinator Infectious Diseases Society of Pakistan (MMIDSP). for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria grants with the Ministry of Health in Diagnostics infrastructure is key Islamabad. She procured the COVID-19 mitigation A great deal of Dr Jamil’s work at both AKU and grant with a focus on strengthening health systems MMIDSP is focused on increasing access to quality and ensuring provision of integrated care and healthcare in Pakistan. “The lack of an effective critical diagnostics all under one roof. “This is healthcare delivery system is a huge challenge in the type of clinical service which is needed across Pakistan,” says Dr Jamil. “Although it varies from the country,” says Dr Jamil. “While COVID-19 province to province, the system is extremely served as a catalyst for funding, we now have fragmented and of poor quality. There is an urgent the ability to diagnose other infectious diseases need to invest to close the gaps, particularly as using the same equipment. This is the model it relates to accessing diagnostics services and that will truly move the needle when it comes to adequately training healthcare professionals.” patient care.” Unfortunately, the COVID-19 pandemic exacerbated Roche has been working with Dr Jamil to ensure these issues and brought about the realisation that that district level secondary care hospitals are a robust diagnostics infrastructure, for COVID-19 equipped with the diagnostics systems needed to and other infectious diseases, is absolutely provide this one-stop-shop approach. “If we have essential. “Diseases are not being diagnosed at the right equipment, we need to use it in the most an early stage and when patients are eventually effective and efficient way possible,” says Dr Jamil. diagnosed, there is not always a defined path for “This will have a huge impact on case detection as them to take, especially if they live in a rural area. well as follow-up treatment, not to mention the Some patients will have to go to a private clinic if fact that if it’s done easily and conveniently, the they need urgent treatment.” patient will greatly benefit.” Diagnostics | Roche 47 Dr Bushra Jamil 48 As an infectious disease expert, Dr Jamil knows the important role diagnostics play in the detection and treatment of diseases such as tuberculosis, HIV and malaria. Once critical diagnostics infrastructures are in place, they can dramatically change the quality and timeliness of care patients receive. Diagnostics | Roche 49 “We need to be able to bring diagnostics that are available, affordable, simple and fast into the public healthcare system in an economical manner.” Education is key medical education opportunities for healthcare Another important component of increasing professionals and execute disease awareness and quality of care for patients in Pakistan is properly education campaigns to emphasise the significance training healthcare professionals on the principles of timely diagnosis and treatment for prevention of effective diagnostics and management of and management across a variety of disease areas. diseases. “When a workforce is inadequately trained, they tend to bypass essential steps and patients are A look to the future treated based on previous experience rather than When asked what the future could look like on accurate diagnostics,” says Dr Jamil. “This can for healthcare in Pakistan, Dr Jamil’s answer is be harmful to the patient because the treatment is clear: “Public-private partnerships are critical. not based on accurate and timely diagnostics. This We need to be able to bring diagnostics that are also has negative implications for the community available, affordable, simple and fast into the and the country as a whole.” public healthcare system in an economical manner. We can then work together to train the workforce In 2022, Roche Diagnostics Pakistan partnered and build these diagnostics capabilities into our with Dr Jamil and the MMIDSP to increase advocacy procedures for improved patient journeys. I am around diagnostics and enable improved patient confident that implementing these changes can access in order to minimise the country’s disease truly make a difference in the lives of the people impact. This partnership will deliver continuing of Pakistan.” 50 Integrated solutions to improve outcomes For our Diagnostics Division, 2022 was marked Through our Digital Pathology portfolio, we are by three key trends. First, global awareness of transforming pathology. The VENTANA DP 600 the value of diagnostics across every aspect high-capacity slide scanner creates high-resolution of healthcare grew significantly. Our COVID-19 digital images of stained tissue samples to help portfolio continued to expand to meet demands diagnose cancer and determine a patient’s related to the disease’s evolution. Second, we treatment. The Digital Pathology Open Environment also saw measurable growth in our base business, allows software developers to easily integrate such as tests for cancer, cardiovascular disease, their image analysis tools for tumour tissue with infectious diseases – and more. Third, we advanced our uPath enterprise software. our efforts to build a sustainable digital health business that will set us up for success in a more Open digital ecosystems connect innovators, digitalised market. from start-ups to technology leaders, to give lab professionals, clinicians, researchers and From preventative screening to follow-up care patients faster access to a wider range of Diagnostics play an increasingly critical role across innovation. This further advances our personalised the entire patient journey. With early diagnosis, healthcare solutions. Over time, the thousands disease progression may be slowed or even stopped. of data points patients create throughout their Diagnostic testing can provide patients, families and journey will help identify changes in their health healthcare professionals with information that may and enable tracking of similar patient groups across lead to the best possible outcome. For healthcare institutions and geographies. Through artificial systems, access to diagnostic information for intelligence (AI) and machine learning, this will managing diseases helps avoid unnecessary service eventually allow for comparison of outcomes as delivery, reduces overall cost of care, improves its well as predictive measures. effectiveness and, most importantly, contributes to saving lives. Moreover, we are carefully assessing the diversity of patient populations in all our diagnostics clinical As demonstrated by the COVID-19 pandemic, trials, demonstrating our commitment to developing diagnostics and information solutions can make a solutions that help to improve outcomes for patients major difference in a country’s ability to cope with around the world. For example, our Diagnostics infectious disease outbreaks and maintain health Division is contributing in a very meaningful way to systems. Advanced diagnostic solutions support the Roche-wide Africa Genomics Program (AGP). earlier decision-making, help reduce hospitalisation, enable targeted treatment strategies and improve In Diabetes Care, we are advancing our integrated patient management. Personalised Diabetes Management (iPDM) strategy. We successfully deployed the Customer Driving innovation through digitalisation Population Insights Dashboard to streamline the We have been building our division-wide digital data management process and enable healthcare foundation, strategy and portfolio, further professionals, administrators and payers to view advancing our ambition to establish a sustainable population level trends. In time for the 10th digital health business. In 2022, we unified anniversary of mySugr, the patient-centric interface our digital health portfolio under the navify at the core of our open ecosystem, we introduced brand, providing a range of next-generation extended functionalities and expanded smartphone software solutions. compatibility for the mySugr Pump Control. Diagnostics | Roche 51 Tests conducted with Roche Diagnostics products 29 billion cobas 6800/8800 systems installed 2079 (since inception) Active in-licensing agreements 300 Active out-licensing agreements 190 Diagnostics facts 2022 COVID-19 tests enabled per month >67 million COVID-19 key launches in 2022 Name Launch date Approval Indication/Disease, etc. System/Platform COVID-19 variant tests 16 March Research use only SARS-CoV-2 B.1.1.529 variant, Omicron subvariants cobas 6800/8800 BA.1, BA.1.1, BA.2, BA.2.2, BA.3 and Delta LightCycler cobas z 480 (depending on test) cobas SARS-CoV-2 Duo test 15 June FDA Emergency SARS-CoV-2 RNA in nasal and nasopharyngeal cobas 6800/8800 Use Authorization swab specimens Elecsys IGRA SARS-CoV-2 test 15 August CE Mark Supports understanding of immune response cobas e 411, e 601/602, to SARS-CoV-2 infection and vaccination e 402 and e 801 analysers SARS-CoV-2 Rapid Antigen Test 2.01 12 October CE Mark SARS-CoV-2 tests delivering reliable results in No instrument needed as few as 15 minutes SARS-CoV-2 Rapid Antigen Test 2.0 Nasal2 SARS-CoV-2 Antigen Self Test Nasal3 cobas SARS-CoV-2 Qualitative test 24 October FDA COVID-19 PCR test performed on cobas 6800/8800 high-throughput platform 52 7 24 9 new platforms tests digital solutions Pathology Lab Roche Information Solutions 1 new platform 4 new digital solutions 9 new tests 3 new digital solutions 1 other Diagnostics Point of Care key launches Molecular Lab 1 new test 2022 2 new platforms 2 new tests 1 other Diabetes Care Core Lab 1 new digital solution 4 new platforms 12 new tests 1 new digital solution Cancer key launches in 2022 Name Launch date Approval Indication/Disease, etc. System/Platform cobas HPV test with 16 June CE Mark Self-sampling for human papillomavirus (HPV) screening cobas molecular self-­sampling solution to prevent cervical cancer instruments VENTANA DP 600 28 June CE Mark Creates high-resolution digital images of stained tissue Slide scanner as part of samples to help diagnose cancer Digital Pathology portfolio BenchMark ULTRA PLUS 28 June CE Mark and global Fully automated tissue-staining process New system VENTANA MMR RxDx Panel 11 August FDA label Companion diagnostic for solid tumours treated with BenchMark ULTRA expansion Merck’s immunotherapy Keytruda Digital LightCycler System 23 August 15 countries worldwide, Next-generation digital PCR system to help clinical New system CE-marked with FDA researchers better understand the nature of a patient’s 510(k) exempt status cancer, genetic disease or infection PATHWAY anti-HER2 4 October FDA Companion diagnostic for the assessment of HER2 BenchMark ULTRA IHC/ISH (4B5) test low status in metastatic breast cancer patients slide-staining instrument PRAME (EPR20330) Antibody 11 October n/a Evaluates PRAME protein expression from patients BenchMark ULTRA IHC/ISH with suspected melanoma instruments VENTANA FOLR1 (FOLR1-2.1) 14 November FDA First immunohistochemistry companion diagnostic to aid BenchMark ULTRA RxDx Assay in identifying epithelial ovarian cancer patients eligible for targeted treatment with Elahere (ImmunoGen) Diagnostics | Roche 53 Other key launches in 2022 Name Launch date Approval Indication/Disease, etc. System/Platform cobas infinity edge 11 January Rolling launches in Cloud-based platform connecting patient test results, Three modules: unite, selected markets medical records and third-party applications scribe and smart cobas pulse 12 January CE Mark Blood glucose management solution with mobile Handheld blood glucose digital health capabilities management device Floodlight 12 January MDR certification A smartphone app that enables data-driven Smartphone decision-making for patients with multiple sclerosis mySugr Pump Control 25 April Launched in Allows diabetes patients to import temporary basal Accu-Chek Insight selected markets rates from their Accu-Chek Insight insulin pump to insulin pump the mySugr app Three LightMix Modular virus 25 May Available for research Mpox virus detection LightCycler 480 II kits (quantitative PCR tests) use in majority of instrument or countries worldwide cobas z 480 analyzer Elecsys HCV Duo immunoassay 18 July CE Mark Simultaneous and independent determination of the cobas e 801 and cobas hepatitis C virus antigen and antibody status from a e 402 immunoassay single human plasma or serum sample analysers Elecsys Amyloid Plasma Panel 19 July FDA Breakthrough Device Detects and measures Alzheimer’s disease biomarkers Elecsys technology Designation in blood plasma cobas pure integrated solutions 19 September FDA Next generation of innovation in the cobas family cobas pure of Serum Work Area solutions cobas MPXV 16 November FDA Emergency PCR test for qualitative detection of DNA from cobas 6800/8800 Use Authorization mpox virus Elecsys AD CSF assays 8 December FDA Cerebrospinal fluid assays supporting more accurate cobas fully automated and timely diagnosis immunoassay analysers 54 Pharmaceuticals We are proof that scientific innovation leads to products that truly save and improve patients’ lives. Focusing on oncology, immunology, ophthalmology, infectious diseases, neuroscience, metabolic and rare diseases, we translate excellence in science into effective medicines for patients. Frankline Akinyi Otieno Breast cancer patient Kenya, East Africa Frankline received treatment for her breast cancer through the first national access programme in Kenya. The programme is an important step for Kenyan women with breast cancer to access standard-of-care treatment. Pharmaceuticals | Roche 57 Ricky Alas Global Value Stream Strategy Lead Basel, Switzerland Ricky is part of the team working to improve how patients receive healthcare and access medicine. His work has resulted in a new and transformative way to provide direct- to-patient treatment delivery and home care services. 58 Frankline Akinyi Otieno Pharmaceuticals | Roche 59 Overcoming challenges to accessing breast cancer treatment in Kenya As a peer educator at the Centre for Health on her well-being. She also faced stigma from Solutions facility in Ukwala town, Kenya, Frankline family, friends and colleagues, which amplified her Akinyi Otieno works with women to educate and concerns. “They told me that cancer is expensive support them on a range of health issues. For and that people don’t survive chemotherapy.” the past six years she has been visiting women in the community to speak about reproductive and Her family had a difficult time accepting the sexual health, including topics such as sexually cancer diagnosis and they were also concerned transmitted infections and family planning. Frankline about the medical treatment, insisting that she also educates women on how to perform breast first try herbal medicine. Although Frankline had self-examinations and encourages them to go for reservations, she tried this option for two months. cervical cancer screenings. Ultimately the herbal medicine didn’t work, so Frankline returned to JOOTRH to proceed with the While her role requires extensive knowledge on recommended treatment plan from the doctors. these topics, Frankline had already learned long ago the importance of self-examinations and Confronted by access challenges screening from observing posters at the hospital Frankline underwent a mastectomy, followed by that she used to visit frequently for her asthma. eight cycles of chemotherapy. The impact on her Routinely performing breast self-examinations life was indeed significant. “It was not an easy proved to be a critically important practice in her journey for me,” she says. “I had never had surgery own life when she found a lump herself. before and I really wasn’t comfortable. I got quite sick from the chemotherapy and my arm became Frankline immediately consulted her doctor and constrained after the surgery. I couldn’t lift heavy was referred to a specialist at Jaramogi Oginga objects, hang clothes to dry on the line, or sleep on Odinga Teaching and Referral Hospital (JOOTRH) my right side. People started seeing me differently for further investigation. Following an ultrasound, and my self-esteem suffered as a result.” mammogram and biopsy, in May 2021 Frankline was told that she had breast cancer. Following the surgery and chemotherapy, Frankline was to continue with hormonal Exploring alternative treatment options treatment. Her treatments had been covered by “It was a huge shock hearing that I had breast the National Health Insurance Fund (NHIF) up until cancer,” she recalls. “I really wasn’t expecting it this point, but now she was faced with a difficult because I was breastfeeding at the time, and prior decision. “The NHIF covered the mastectomy and to this, the tests I had done indicated that the lump chemotherapy, as well as the first four hormonal was normal. I was told it would subside with time.” treatments, but after that I needed to pay for the remaining 14 treatments,” Frankline explains. Upon hearing her diagnosis, Frankline was hesitant “I couldn’t afford it and I didn’t know what to do to follow the recommended hospital treatment next. I was stuck, so I had to stop my treatment because she was afraid of the potential effects for two months while I weighed my options.” 60 “I want to advocate for all women to get screened; the earlier the better so you can get the right diagnosis and treatment.” Soon Frankline had her answer. In June 2022, the A bright future Ministry of Health in Kenya, the NHIF and Roche While Frankline is thankful that she was able to announced a partnership to make breast cancer access her treatment, she also recognises the treatment available to all NHIF members in Kenya. importance of her own knowledge and the impact This was the first national access programme for of screening. “The self-examination saved my life,” cancer medicines in Kenya, and an important step she says. “I want to advocate for all women to get to ease the financial burden of Kenyan women with screened; the earlier the better so you can get breast cancer and ensure they have access to the right diagnosis and treatment. Cancer doesn’t standard-of-care treatment. have to be a death sentence as long as you get the diagnosis early enough.” Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in Kenya, with 6,000 cases diagnosed Today, Frankline is responding well to the each year and 2,500 breast cancer-related treatment and she is optimistic about what her deaths.1 Through this partnership, Roche is future holds. “I believe that all my dreams for helping strengthen the diagnostic ecosystem for the future will go as planned and that I will live a breast cancer screening and early diagnosis of normal life,” she says. patients, as well as improve the referral pathways to treatment centres so that women can get the A big part of that future is helping her son treatment they need in a timely manner. realise his own dreams. “My son is my comfort; when I am sick, he tells me all will be well. So For Frankline, this welcome news meant that she I want the very best for him,” says Frankline. did not have to worry about paying out of pocket “He wants to be a pilot when he grows up, and I and that she could continue with her treatment. hope to help him with his education. I know I will “This made it easier for me because I could now live and see that happen, and he can fly me all get my full treatment covered.” around the world.” 1 Cancer on the Global Stage: Incidence and Cancer-Related Mortality in Kenya. World Health Organization Region: Africa, The ASCO Post Pharmaceuticals | Roche 61 Like many women with breast cancer in Kenya, Frankline faced financial challenges that prevented her from getting the medicine she needed. A new collaboration between the Ministry of Health in Kenya, the NHIF and Roche has made breast cancer treatment available, making it easier and more accessible for women like Frankline to receive standard-of-care treatment. Now Frankline is doing well and looks forward to a bright future with her son. 62 Improving access to treatment for patients from the comfort of their own home When Ricky Alas worked as a consultant in digital delivery of specialty medicine is still uncommon. innovation and corporate venture building in And yet it can make a significant improvement San Francisco, he was exposed to a number of in a patient’s quality of life while also having the industries, ranging from financial services to potential to save healthcare costs through more consumer packaged goods. But after ten years, efficient processes and delivery of treatment. Ricky was ready for a change. Of all the industries he’d worked in, he was most drawn to healthcare. Ricky and the global ID2P team were initially He wanted to be part of an organisation that had tasked with finding a way to make home delivery a direct and tangible impact on improving people’s of Evrysdi, an oral treatment for spinal muscular lives, so in 2019 he joined Genentech as a Digital atrophy (SMA), a reality – no small feat considering Transformation Lead in Global Supply Chain. nothing like this existed for a medicine that would typically have to be picked up from a specialty Shortly after settling in, Ricky was given the treatment centre, which could be hours from a opportunity to work on a project called Integrated patient’s home. They set out to create a solution Direct Delivery to Patients, or ID2P, where the that was “desirable to patients and the ecosystem, value for patients was clear. ID2P stemmed from feasible and viable,” according to Ricky. “It felt an exercise to answer the question: “What would almost like a start-up. There are very few times the healthcare system look like if it was designed you get to build a new business in an established around what patients and their family members company, and for Roche to give us that opportunity needed and wanted so they could make the most was amazing.” of their life?” “If you think about Roche’s ambition to provide more The initial thinking was to improve some of the benefit to patients at less cost to society, ID2P does processes in healthcare delivery to better support exactly that,” says Ricky. “I’m proud to work for an patients and caregivers, and simplify how they organisation that not only has such ambitious goals, get treatments. The key solution pointed to direct- but also comes up with new and creative ideas to to-patient delivery and home care services, and achieve them. We don’t always know what will work thus ID2P was born. If successful, the project but we are always trying to find ways to improve would improve the quality of healthcare service to people’s lives.” patients and family members, alleviate hospital and clinic burden by reducing the number of in-person When the programme was launched in 2020, the patient visits, and improve outcomes for patients interest from offices around the world to participate through greater convenience and potentially better was overwhelmingly positive. However, the road treatment adherence. ahead was challenging as the team forged new paths in every direction – from legal and regulatory Meeting patients where they are requirements to supply and logistics solutions – While home delivery of consumer goods – from pizza while also taking into account stakeholder needs to appliances – is part of our everyday life, home and preferences. “It was such an unknown and Pharmaceuticals | Roche 63 Ricky Alas 64 Ricky and the ID2P team work with colleagues around the globe to design, develop and implement tailored programmes that enable delivery of treatments directly to patients in their own homes. This convenient solution can save countless hours of travel time to specialty hospitals which, for patients with rare and chronic conditions like SMA or haemophilia and their caregivers, can be life-changing. Pharmaceuticals | Roche 65 “I believe that the evolution of healthcare is going to continue towards a much more patient-centric realm.” unconstrained space,” recalls Ricky. “There was had a significant impact on improving patients’ no road map or industry barometer for success. lives, what Ricky enjoys most about the project We were figuring it out as we went and when we hit is the relationships he’s formed. “I feel like I’ve roadblocks, they were amplified because we only genuinely made friends, even though I’ve met very had ourselves to look at.” Despite the challenges, few of them in person. I think that comes from ID2P has seen significant growth, increasing from getting to do meaningful work in a cool way with an initial launch of nine pilot programmes in its dedicated people.” first year to more than 40 programmes in Roche affiliates across the globe in 2022. Trailblazing new paths to access ID2P shows no sign of slowing down, as more What has made ID2P so successful? “The people,” affiliates continue joining the project and creating Ricky says without hesitation. “Those who lead their own fit-for-purpose direct-to-patient and the project in their respective countries and were out-of-hospital solutions. In fact, Ricky is hopeful involved in the day-to-day work, who overcame that it could serve as a future capability for constraints every step of the way. This project several of Roche’s pipeline products. “I don’t wouldn’t be possible without their passion, initiative see a world in which we can talk about ID2P as a and drive towards a single goal: addressing the project for much longer. It will just be our way of unmet needs of our patients.” demonstrating the full value of our medicines for patients and ecosystems.” Collaboration without borders The local teams came together to design and Ricky thinks Roche can play a role in helping deploy solutions in collaboration with ecosystem ecosystems adapt and establish the necessary partners, with the power and resources of the full capabilities to enhance access and firmly place ID2P network behind them. Ricky feels fortunate patients at the heart of it all. “I believe that the that he gets to work with colleagues in almost every evolution of healthcare is going to continue towards country. “You have all these diverse perspectives a much more patient-centric realm,” he says. “ID2P and cross-functional backgrounds at every level is just the beginning, and there’s so much more we of the project working together and trying to help can do to trigger that transformation.” each other find solutions to these challenges,” he explains. Having recently relocated to Basel with his wife and two young children, Ricky is excited to continue While it’s clear that Ricky is passionate about playing his part in ID2P – and is excited to meet making a difference for people and that ID2P has some of the friends he’s made along the way. 66 A clear commitment to innovation Our commitment to innovation has never been clinical decline in people with early Alzheimer’s clearer and in the past year we made major disease, Roche remains committed to this disease, investments in both research and development. one of the most complex neurological disorders Our unique combination of autonomous and and major public health challenges. We are independent research organisations together continuing to develop and deliver tests to enable with our investment in a strong network of more early and accurate diagnosis, and have a pipeline than 250 external partner organisations globally of investigational medicines for different targets, drives pioneering scientific and technological types and stages of the disease. breakthroughs across healthcare. The power of partnerships In 2022, we launched Vabysmo, the first bispecific Facilitating patient access to quality medicines is at antibody approved for the eye. It targets and the heart of our business. To meet the rising global inhibits two signalling pathways linked to a demand for high-quality and accessible healthcare number of vision-threatening retinal conditions by services, we have further integrated comprehensive neutralising angiopoietin-2 (Ang-2) and vascular and actionable plans into our work and enhanced endothelial growth factor-A (VEGF-A). Vabysmo our patient partnerships worldwide. is approved in more than 50 countries around the world, including the United States, Japan, In 2022, we entered a first partnership with a the United Kingdom and the European Union for holistic approach to improving population health people living with neovascular or ‘wet’ age-related with the International Federation of Red Cross and macular degeneration and diabetic macular Red Crescent Societies (IFRC). This collaboration will oedema. Review by other regulatory authorities help us to unlock access to previously underserved is ongoing. We continue to pioneer new ways populations worldwide and will strengthen our to treat vision-threatening eye diseases. commitment to meet the needs of patients no matter who they are or where they live. The European Commission approved a Polivy combination in previously untreated diffuse large Advancing inclusive research B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) and our first-in-class We are deeply committed to addressing barriers to bispecific antibody Lunsumio for the treatment clinical trial participation and advancing inclusive of relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma. research. We believe that improving health outcomes Lunsumio represents a new type of immunotherapy for all patients is core to our mission, and we are that is a chemotherapy-free and fixed-duration committed to being industry leaders in offering treatment option with the potential to provide patients with serious and life-threatening diseases durable remissions and offer a significant period of a chance to receive investigational medicines. time without treatment, following initial therapy. The Polivy combination is the first treatment option in We are aiming to continuously evolve our processes more than 20 years to show a clinically meaningful to improve accessibility, convenience and ultimately improvement in progression-free survival that is adherence, leading to better outcomes for patients now approved in the EU for patients with previously and a reduced burden for caregivers. In order to untreated DLBCL. meet the unique requirements in each country, global and country colleagues are working closely Although the phase III GRADUATE I and II trials together with external stakeholders to go the extra did not meet their primary endpoints of slowing mile for patients. Pharmaceuticals | Roche 67 Pharmaceuticals clinical pipeline Phase I Phase II Phase III Registration 32 5 5 1 Oncology 7 2 Inflammation/Immunology 7 11 2 Neuroscience 2 3 Infectious diseases 6 1 1 Ophthalmology 1 Metabolics 1 Others Our pipeline of 87 new molecular entities covers a broad range of diseases, and highly innovative technologies are applied to create and produce the active molecules. 68 62 new partnerships Product out-licensing agreements and divestments Acquisition 5 1 PHC agreements 13 Product, technology or discovery Number of new licence agreements partnerships 16 in 2022 Research and discovery collaborations Agreements derived from 11 existing alliances 16 Pharmaceuticals | Roche 69 27 major approvals China Europe 4 5  Actemra/RoActemra Lunsumio Rheumatoid arthritis, subcutaneous Follicular lymphoma, third-line treatment Rozlytrek Polivy NTRK-positive solid tumours Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, first-line treatment Rozlytrek Major approvals ROS1-positive non-small cell lung cancer Tecentriq in 2022 Non-small cell lung cancer, adjuvant therapy Tecentriq Non-small cell lung cancer, adjuvant therapy Vabysmo Diabetic macular oedema Vabysmo Neovascular or ‘wet’ age-related macular Japan – Chugai degeneration 9 US Actemra/RoActemra 9 COVID-19 pneumonia Actemra/RoActemra Gazyva/Gazyvaro COVID-19 pneumonia Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia, first-line treatment Actemra/RoActemra Hemlibra Giant cell arteritis, intravenous Acquired haemophilia A Cotellic Perjeta + Herceptin Histiocytosis HER2-positive colorectal cancer Lunsumio Polivy Follicular lymphoma, third-line treatment Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, first-line treatment Tecentriq Tecentriq Alveolar soft part sarcoma Non-small cell lung cancer, adjuvant therapy Evrysdi MabThera/Rituxan Spinal muscular atrophy, presymptomatic paediatric <2 months Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder Vabysmo Vabysmo Diabetic macular oedema Diabetic macular oedema Vabysmo Vabysmo Neovascular or ‘wet’ age-related macular degeneration Neovascular or ‘wet’ age-related macular degeneration Xofluza Influenza, paediatric Oncology/Haematology Inflammation/Immunology Neuroscience Infectious diseases Ophthalmology 70 Personalised healthcare For more than 20 years, we have helped lay the scientific groundwork for personalised healthcare with treatments that target the underlying biology of cancer and other diseases. Now we are working on taking personalised healthcare toward a future in which care is tailored to an individual’s needs and unique genetic profile. UN SDGs Material topics · Patient centricity · R&D efficiency · Personalised healthcare · Real-world data · Preparedness for ageing society Susanne Fürst-Michna Cancer of unknown primary (CUP) patient Sinntal, Germany Susanne was diagnosed with cancer of unknown primary (CUP) in early 2020 and had the opportunity to receive a tailored treatment plan, informed by comprehensive genomic profiling (CGP). Personalised healthcare | Roche 73 Dr Konstantinos Balaskas Medical Ophthalmologist London, United Kingdom Dr Balaskas and the team at Moorfields Eye Hospital are utilising remote vision monitoring for patients with retinal disease, with the ambition of empowering them to assume greater ownership of the management of their health. 74 Susanne Fürst-Michna Personalised healthcare | Roche 75 Comprehensive genomic profiling brings new hope in the fight against rare cancers In March 2020, as she was driving home from her example, in the lungs or breast. Therefore, most job in Frankfurt, Germany, Susanne Fürst-Michna patients with CUP are treated with standard casually touched her neck and found several chemotherapy. Unfortunately, prognosis is poor lumps on one side. When she returned home that and the median survival following diagnosis is evening, she contacted some physician friends and just 6 to 12 months.2 they recommended she consult with specialists. Thus began a journey she never imagined she Susanne was concerned about next steps since would face. there were so many unknowns. “All I could think was ‘how are we going to deal with this?’” Unfortunately, After a number of visits to different specialists, because this was happening during the height Susanne was told there was something wrong of the COVID-19 pandemic, Susanne was often with her kidney function. A subsequent CT scan alone attending appointments at a clinic near her revealed a large number of swollen lymph nodes home. “It was hard to not have my husband there which was suspected to be lymphoma. “I will always with me for support. He was only allowed to pick me remember the day I had that scan as it was my son’s up afterwards,” Susanne recalls. “But on my final 12th birthday,” Susanne recalls. “A day that should consultation with the doctor, he was allowed to have been about celebrating him took a turn for be there with me. We asked what the options were the worst when the urologist called me at 8.30 that moving forward. That moment, once again, I will evening which made me very anxious. The next day, never forget.” my family doctor told me I had cancer. Needless to say, I was stunned.” A path forward Susanne’s doctor recommended that she move An elusive diagnosis her care to specialists in Heidelberg. “We After some further testing on her lymph nodes, the drove to Heidelberg with heavy hearts, but we results did not reveal where the cancer originated. returned as completely different people,” she “I asked what that meant and the oncologist said says. “We got in the car and headed home with I had cancer of unknown primary (CUP),” says our confidence restored.” Susanne. “As soon as I got home, I started researching online like everyone does these days. During her appointment, Susanne was told that What I learned was scary – this is a type of cancer she had the option of potentially receiving a where the original tumour cannot be found so personalised treatment plan by using technology doctors are only able to find secondary tumours that analyses the DNA of the patient’s metastases. that have spread as a result of the primary one.” This technology, called comprehensive genomic profiling (CGP), is a way of finding the unique About 3–5% of all cancer diagnoses are CUP1 and ‘fingerprint’ of a cancer tumour and can help the absence of a primary tumour causes practical determine if there are specific genomic alterations problems because traditional treatment approaches that can be targeted with molecularly guided rely on knowing the site of the cancer’s origin, for therapy or cancer immunotherapy. The approach 1 Understanding cancer’s secret syndrome, New Scientist 2 Genomic Testing, Foundation Medicine, Inc. 76 “That call, yet again, changed everything. My doctor said that there are targeted drugs to treat that specific alteration and that we’d be able to get it under control.” represents a shift from treating cancer based on very dedicated. Plus, my husband and I have that its site, or likely site, of origin, to treating a patient, time together to talk and laugh and think about like Susanne, based on the clinically relevant the future,” Susanne says. Throughout, Susanne genomic changes suspected in driving the cancer’s has been able to continue working, and she and growth. By providing a more complete picture her husband have found a new passion in mountain- of Susanne’s cancer, CGP could help inform a biking around the scenic roads near their home. tailored treatment plan and potentially remove the “We take a different route every day and we end up need to determine the cancer’s original location in places around here that we’ve never been before. in her body. “The team of doctors described this It’s just wonderful,” she says with excitement in as an opportunity and I knew I had to seize that her voice. opportunity,” recalls Susanne. A positive outlook A personalised treatment plan Susanne feels incredibly lucky to have had the Susanne underwent CGP tests that evaluated opportunity to receive a personalised treatment genes known to be associated with cancer growth. plan informed by CGP. The impact of CGP is The answers would provide essential first steps constantly evolving as diagnostics tools and in developing informed treatment strategies. In solutions improve, more targeted therapies August 2020, Susanne was thrilled when she was are developed and more data are generated to told that her CGP revealed a genomic alteration improve our understanding of cancer biology. that was driving her cancer’s growth. “That call, Susanne and her husband, along with their son yet again, changed everything. My CUP doctors and daughter, are already planning holidays said that there are targeted drugs to treat that together in the United States to spend time specific alteration and that we’d be able to get travelling and enjoying each other’s company. it under control. That was the best gift anybody “I’m living my life just like I always used to. We travel, could have given me at that point,” says Susanne. we’re a close-knit family, and I didn’t really allow anything to change in my life. There were negative As soon as Susanne’s cancer alteration was things of course having to deal with my illness identified, her personalised treatments began. but thinking positively has always been one of my She now travels to Heidelberg every four weeks basic principles,” says Susanne. “I’ve been given to receive her therapy at the clinic and is grateful a gift of seeing my kids grow into adulthood, I can for her husband’s company in the car ride each still spend time with my husband, and I can and time. “The team there has been wonderful and will continue to enjoy my life.” Personalised healthcare | Roche 77 When she was first diagnosed with cancer of unknown primary, Susanne was unsure what the future would hold. After utilising comprehensive genomic profiling to determine her personalised treatment plan, she is hopeful for the future. She and her family continue to enjoy time together exploring the scenic landscape near their home in Sinntal, Germany. 78 Digital health solutions transforming care for those living with progressive eye diseases As an ophthalmologist, Dr Konstantinos Balaskas This urgent need for remote vision monitoring, is a firm believer in the old adage that the eyes in conjunction with regular office visits, quickly are the windows to the soul. His interest in ocular resulted in Moorfields and Roche partnering to medicine began during his medical studies in pilot a programme to address the problem. Athens, Greece, and has led him to his current role as a retinal specialist and principal investigator “Our collaboration with Roche began out of for research into artificial intelligence and digital necessity and, within four weeks, we deployed a technologies at Moorfields Eye Hospital in programme that we are continuing to develop as London, United Kingdom. part of our offering at Moorfields’ medical retina clinics,” says Dr Balaskas. Dr Balaskas credits his keen interest in the field of ophthalmology to the fact that it is constantly Our proposed solution was an app called Home evolving. “I’ve always liked ophthalmology Vision Monitor that patients with chronic eye instinctively. Dramatic and rapid technology disease could download to their smartphone or transformation has revolutionised the way we tablet and monitor their vision from the comfort provide care for patients,” he says. “Year after of their own home. Patients used the app to year, the area is constantly reinventing itself perform visual function tests and the test results and we are now able to treat diseases of the eye were instantly available for their clinicians to view. that used to be incurable.” If there was a change in a patient’s test results, their practitioners were notified and could follow “Our goal is to prevent vision loss, especially for up with the patient directly. retinal disease,” says Dr Balaskas. “Not so long ago, a diagnosis of chronic retinal disease would have “We registered approximately 500 patients into been devastating for the patient in the absence of the home monitoring service with the ambition of effective treatments. Most recently, we are also empowering them to assume greater ownership of hoping to improve the quality of life for our patients the management of their health,” reflects Dr Balaskas. using digital technologies that may give greater access to care in the future, potentially allowing Changing the landscape of care them to be monitored away from the hospital and While it could be assumed that this type of remote closer to their home.” monitoring would create a greater distance between clinicians and their patients, Dr Balaskas An urgent need and a rapid solution says the opposite is true. In fact, the data generated In April 2020, during the early stages of the COVID-19 by Home Vision Monitor can help to inform and pandemic, Dr Balaskas and his colleagues knew enrich the discussions between the physician and they needed an urgent solution. Many patients with the patient. “This experience has greatly impacted retinal disease fall into the high-risk population the relationship I have with my patients in a positive for developing serious illness due to COVID-19 way. It has actually brought us closer and has and as such were avoiding hospital attendances. infused a sense of reassurance that they’re being Personalised healthcare | Roche 79 Dr Konstantinos Balaskas 80 Thanks to technological advancements in the treatment of retinal diseases, it is hoped that quality of life of patients can be improved with the potential of allowing them to be monitored away from hospital and closer to their home. Personalised healthcare | Roche 81 “We hope this programme enables us to provide care to the right patients, at the right place and at the right time.” monitored regularly,” he says. Patients also still Medical Association. The possibility that this can maintain their regular appointments. be scaled has instigated discussions around the potential of home vision monitoring in the future In conjunction with regular office visits, the remote and, as such, the Roche team is planning a limited monitoring programme has the potential to reduce product release in the United States and expanding the burden of hospital visits on patients and also the pilot in the UK. on the healthcare system itself. “We hope this programme enables us to provide care to the For Dr Balaskas, the possibilities of this technology, right patients, at the right place and at the right along with others such as artificial intelligence, time,” says Dr Balaskas. “Chronic retinal disease decision support systems, telemedicine and has better prognosis the earlier it is diagnosed virtual clinics, really are the way of the future. and treatment is started, with long-term benefits “My aspiration and hope is that we will be able to for the healthcare system and the delivery of more have an integrated approach to these innovative sustainable care.” While Home Vision Monitor does solutions because integration is key to materialising not currently aid in the diagnosis of retinal disease, the benefits of these technologies,” he says. it can help to identify changes in vision over time, “Putting all of this together will enable better which can be used to aid the physician’s clinical access to quality care for patients in the future.” decision-making. In the meantime, Dr Balaskas and the team are Learning for the future celebrating their recent win at the 2022 Health Because this was the first initiative of its kind Service Journal’s Patient Safety Awards. The Home in ophthalmology, it has attracted a significant Vision Monitor app was awarded best Virtual or amount of attention amongst the international Remote Care Initiative of 2022. “This was a great retinal community. Learnings about the barriers and moment – it is a true testament to innovation, enablers to deploying home vision monitoring were collaboration and a patient-centric approach,” recently published in the Journal of the American Dr Balaskas says proudly. 82 Tailoring care is personal Today’s convergence of pioneering science, delivery so it enables long-term access, advanced technologies, and data and analytics sustainability and resiliency. is shifting healthcare from a one-size-fits-all approach to the delivery of more patient-centred We aim to be a catalyst and contributor to the care. These tailored care solutions – commonly holistic thinking, cross-sector collaboration and what we call personalised healthcare – are enabling collective effort necessary to turn personalised Roche to truly integrate a holistic care experience care into a reality for people and societies. that spans prevention, detection, diagnosis, treatment and the ongoing monitoring and care Partnering across the healthcare ecosystem is of individual people. essential to designing, testing and implementing new personalised solutions that improve health Insights and personalised care for individuals, enable healthcare professionals High-quality data and analytics are the engines to make confident healthcare decisions, all that drive personalised healthcare. Today, while reducing cost and burden to society. Today, healthcare systems produce a wealth of untapped Roche’s partnering efforts span other pharma and information fed by the diverse health data that biotech companies, start-ups, non-governmental individuals generate throughout their lives. This organisations, healthcare providers, governments, data can yield valuable insights allowing for regulatory authorities, patient communities, early prevention, identifying patterns and trends academia and technology companies. in population health and managing disease in a more personalised way. Finding a tumour’s ‘fingerprint’ Cancer is a disease of the genome, driven by Roche’s wide range of diagnostic and information genomic alterations. Comprehensive genomic solutions generate and manage billions of data profiling (CGP) is a type of cancer genomic testing points each year. All of them contain high-quality that helps to find the unique ‘fingerprint’ of a information that has the potential to trigger patient’s cancer tumour to help determine how advances in personalised healthcare. Taken it behaves and grows. together, they contribute significantly to longitudinal data and provide a more comprehensive picture of Together, Roche and Foundation Medicine are patients to help support healthcare professionals working to advance cancer care and research by in their decision-making through clinical decision embedding CGP throughout the care continuum. support tools. At the point of care, CGP can inform easier, faster and better clinical decisions. CGP also drives Partnerships and collaborations faster, more efficient R&D, with the insights As personalised healthcare aims to transform generated helping to optimise clinical trial design care into a seamless and individualised experience and supporting the development of more effective, for patients, we also need to transform care targeted treatments. Personalised healthcare | Roche 83 23 Flatiron-authored publications Twenty-three Flatiron-authored papers were accepted and published in peer-reviewed >100,000 patient profiles journals More than 100,000 linked patient profiles in the Foundation Medicine and Flatiron Health Clinico-Genomic Database (CGDB) New molecular profiling Flatiron Health New molecular profiling integration milestones with Caris Life Sciences and 2022 Foundation Medicine International expansion 14 Flatiron-authored poster discussions International expansion focused on transforming global oncology research and care with subsidiaries Fourteen accepted Flatiron-authored poster in Japan, Germany and the United Kingdom discussions and presentations showcasing Flatiron’s scientific leadership at key industry conferences 1 million clinical reports 1 breakthrough device designation One million reports delivered from the Breakthrough device designation received FoundationOne portfolio of comprehensive for FoundationOne Tracker, a circulating genomic profiling (CGP) tests tumour DNA (ctDNA) detection and molecular monitoring assay Foundation Medicine milestones 2022 Partnership with Epic >100,000 patient profiles First customer as part of partnership with More than 100,000 linked patient profiles in Epic’s electronic medical record (EMR) the Foundation Medicine and Flatiron Health system went live Clinico-Genomic Database (CGDB) 84 Access to healthcare Working in collaboration with global and local stakeholders, we support governments’ efforts to build strong and resilient healthcare systems, particularly for people in low- and lower-middle-income countries. Every country’s healthcare system is unique, so we work closely with partners to develop and deliver tailored solutions. UN SDGs Material topics · Long-term mindset · Availability of healthcare Dr Eric Ngyedu Chief Executive Officer, Cape Coast Teaching Hospital Cape Coast, Ghana At a newly opened cancer treatment centre in Ghana, Dr Ngyedu is focused on addressing the challenges cancer patients face during their journey. He is grateful for the power of partnerships that directly benefit patients. Access to healthcare | Roche 87 Dr Roberto Altamirano Gynaecologic Oncologist Santiago, Chile Dr Altamirano has played a key role in advising the Ministry of Health in Chile in its evolution towards HPV testing for cervical cancer screening – a critical prevention strategy and important step towards eradicating the disease in the country. 88 Dr Eric Ngyedu Access to healthcare | Roche 89 Breaking down barriers to cancer care in Ghana Throughout Dr Eric Ngyedu’s career, he has spent across the country through this partnership. It is a great deal of his time and effort on improving already starting to address geographic access the health of people in Ghana. After training to barriers to quality cancer care, support capacity become an oral and maxillofacial surgeon in Santa building and training for healthcare workers, and Clara, Cuba, Dr Ngyedu returned home to Ghana support awareness creation in communities around in 2007 and soon found that he could make the the country. biggest impact on the community by delivering and improving care for all Ghanaians. “Before our cancer centre opened in 2021, only two public hospitals in Ghana were mandated to Today, Dr Ngyedu is the Chief Executive Officer provide cancer services and facilities and were of the Cape Coast Teaching Hospital (CCTH) on often overburdened, leading to delays in patient the west coast of Ghana. The hospital is a world- access to specialised care,” says Dr Ngyedu. “This class leader in tertiary healthcare as well as does not bode well for managing outcomes and medical research and serves as a training ground worsens patients’ prognosis. The financial hardships for undergraduate and postgraduate training presented by long travels also worsen the plight for medical and other health professionals. As of of patients. We knew it was crucial to curb these 2021, the hospital is also the site of a new cancer challenges by establishing this new centre to treatment centre. Cancer is one of the most service patients within and outside the region.” significant public health challenges in Ghana, with more than 24,000 new cases diagnosed in 2020 and The centre provides not only the infrastructure and more than 15,800 people dying from the disease.1 space for oncology patients to be treated, but also the treatments themselves. An oncology pharmacy “Ghanaians face numerous challenges during and ‘cold room’ were established as well to support their patient journey, including health, mental, the provision of quality medicines and reagents social and financial hurdles,” explains Dr Ngyedu. used for diagnosis and treatment. “We have limited infrastructure, limited access to comprehensive treatment centres and limited A unique partnership access to affordable cancer medicines. All of Roche has long been working to improve oncology those challenges put together mean patients are care in Ghana, and Dr Ngyedu is grateful for experiencing a harrowing journey.” partnerships like this one that directly benefits patients. “Our partnership with Roche is a unique Addressing a significant public health one. It is 100% patient-centred. It’s not about challenge products; it’s about supporting patient care and Thanks to a partnership between Roche and the breaking down barriers that cancer patients face,” government of Ghana, work has begun to develop he says. “The private sector has a critical role to infrastructure to deliver cancer care at key play in increasing access to care for the people of hospitals across the country. CCTH is one of three Ghana. We need partnerships like this to move the new treatment centres that have been opened needle and make meaningful change.” 1 International Agency for Research on Cancer, World Health Organization, Ghana Fact Sheet 90 “Our partnership with Roche is a unique one. It is 100% patient-centred. It’s not about products; it’s about supporting patient care and breaking down barriers.” One meaningful change that this partnership has “Because a large portion of the population lives brought about is the increased screening and in remote areas, we need to find a way to provide treatment for breast cancer patients. “This year care through telemedicine. It is absolutely possible for breast cancer awareness month in October, we to care for cancer patients from a distance but we were able to screen over 4,000 people for breast need the technology in place to do so. Partnerships cancer. Because of the support we have received with the private sector have helped us get where from Roche in providing the infrastructure, we were we are today and they will continue to do so able to do this at no cost to the patients,” says in the future as we look to the role technology Dr Ngyedu. “Additionally, Roche has been working can play.” with the government to enable public funding of key cancer treatments. This is a testament to the Roche has made a long-term commitment to impact these partnerships can have.” Ghana a
