. RISK FACTORS Our fiscal 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and information we provide in our Annual Report to Stockholders, press releases, and other investor communications, including those on our corporate website, may contain forward-looking statements with respect to anticipated future events, our projected future financial performance, operations, competitive position, and our planned growth, that are all subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements and from our prior expectations and projections. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis for a more complete identification and discussion of Forward-Looking Statements. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of RISK FACTORS. Risks and uncertainties that apply to both Ross and dd s DISCOUNTS include, without limitation, the following: MACROECONOMIC AND RETAIL INDUSTRY BUSINESS RISKS We are subject to impacts from changes in the macroeconomic environment, government regulation or policy, geopolitical conditions, and financial and credit markets. Continuing inflation, tariff increases (or threats of increases), potential supply chain disruptions, and other external events may have significant negative effects on our costs, and also on consumer confidence, shopping behavior, and spending, which may adversely affect our sales and profitability. Elevated inflation, rapidly changing and increased tariffs on goods imported into the United States, other government regulation or policy changes, geopolitical conflicts, bank failures, federal government shutdowns, public health crises (including pandemics), and other potential, adverse developments and related uncertainties, could reduce demand for our merchandise, disrupt our buying patterns, increase our cost of goods, create limits in merchandise availability, cause shipping delays and increase freight costs, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins. All of our stores are located in the United States and its territories, and while we directly import only a small portion of our merchandise, more than half of the goods we sell originate from China, so we are especially susceptible to changes in the U.S. economy and trade policy in the U.S. (particularly toward China). Consumer spending levels and shopping behaviors for the merchandise we sell are affected by many external macroeconomic factors. In addition to consumer sensitivity to the price points and value differentiation we offer on the merchandise we sell, elevated consumer costs of living for other goods and services (including increased fuel and energy costs, food prices, interest rates, and housing costs), relative wage rates, unemployment levels, availability of consumer credit, consumer debt levels, income tax rates and the timing of tax refunds, various government policies and practices (including those with respect to immigration), and the resulting effects on consumers disposable income and consumer confidence in future economic conditions all have an impact on consumer spending habits for our merchandise. 9 Changes and uncertainty in U.S. trade or tax policy regarding apparel, home-related merchandise, shoes, and other goods we sell produced in other countries could adversely affect our business. A predominant portion of the apparel, home-related merchandise, shoes, and other goods we sell is originally manufactured in other countries, including China. While we directly import only a small portion of our merchandise, more than half of the goods we sell originate from China. The U.S. government has indicated a willingness to significantly change existing trade policies, and has imposed increased tariffs on goods imported into the United States, in particular on goods produced in China. This exposes us to risks of disruption and significant cost increases in our established patterns for sourcing our merchandise, and creates increased uncertainties in planning our sourcing strategies and forecasting our margins. Changes in tariffs, quotas, trade relationships, or tax provisions that reduce the supply or increase the relative cost of goods produced in China and other countries could significantly increase our cost of goods and/or increase our effective tax rate. Although such changes would have implications across the entire retail sector, we may fail to effectively adapt and manage the adjustments in sourcing strategy that would be necessary in response to those changes. In addition to the general uncertainty and overall risk from potential changes in laws and policies, as we make business decisions in the face of uncertainty as to potential changes, we may incorrectly anticipate the outcomes, miss out on business opportunities, or fail to effectively adapt our business strategies and manage the adjustments that are necessary in response to those changes. These risks could adversely affect our revenues and expenses, increase our effective tax rates, and reduce our profitability and market share. Competitive pressures and the pace of change in the retailing industry are high. The retail industry is highly competitive and the marketplace is fragmented, as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of store and online formats and merchandising strategies. We expect competition to increase in the future. There are limited economic barriers for others to enter the off-price retail sector. We compete for customers, associates, store locations, and merchandise with other off-price retailers, traditional department stores, mass merchandisers, specialty stores, online and catalog businesses, and other local, regional, and national retailers. Our retail competitors constantly adjust their pricing, business models and strategies, and promotional activity (particularly during holiday periods) in response to changing market conditions or their own financial condition. The substantial sales growth in e-commerce and the increasing use of consumer data analytics has encouraged the entry of many new competitors, new business models, and an increase in competition from established companies looking for ways to create successful online and in person shopping alternatives. While our business is exclusively in brick-and-mortar stores, consumer e-commerce spending continues to increase. Advancements in technology (including artificial intelligence or other emerging technologies) will present opportunities to inform merchandising, pricing, assortment, and other key business decisions; however, there are costs, risks and potential adverse consequences from premature adoption or over-reliance on those emerging technologies. At the same time, if competitors successfully implement these capabilities more quickly or effectively than we do, our competitive position could be adversely affected. Intense pressures from our competitors, our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, or a failure to effectively execute our off-price model, could reduce demand for our merchandise, decrease our inventory turnover, cause us to take greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins. Unexpected changes in the level of consumer spending or preferences could adversely affect us. Our success depends on our ability to effectively buy and sell merchandise that meets customer demand. We continually work to identify customer trends and preferences, and to obtain merchandise inventory to meet anticipated customer needs. It is very challenging to successfully do this well and consistently across our diverse merchandise categories and in the multiple markets in which we operate throughout the United States and its territories. Although our off-price business model provides us certain advantages and may allow us greater flexibility than traditional retailers have in adjusting our merchandise mix to ever-changing consumer tastes, our merchandising decisions may still fail to correctly anticipate and match consumer trends and preferences, particularly in our newer geographic markets. Failure to correctly anticipate and match the trends, preferences, and demands of our customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 10 Adverse or unseasonable weather may affect shopping patterns and consumer demand for seasonal apparel and other merchandise, and may result in temporary store closures and disruptions in deliveries of merchandise to our stores. Unseasonable weather and prolonged, extreme temperatures, as well as events such as storms, affect consumers buying patterns and willingness to shop, and may adversely affect the demand for merchandise in our stores, particularly in apparel and seasonal merchandise. Among other things, weather conditions may also affect our ability to deliver our products to our stores or require us to close certain stores temporarily, thereby reducing store traffic. Even if stores are not closed, many customers may be unable to go, or may decide to avoid going to stores in bad weather. As a result, adverse or unseasonable weather in any of our markets could lead to lower-than-expected sales and cause us to increase our markdowns, which may negatively affect our sales and margins. We may experience volatility in sales and earnings. Our business has slower and busier periods based on holiday and back-to-school seasons, weather, and other factors. We may experience unexpected decreases in sales from time to time, which could result in increased markdowns and reduced margins. If sales in a certain period are lower than our plans, we may not be able to adjust operating expenses concurrently, which could adversely affect our operating results. STRATEGIC RISKS We depend on the market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts, and on the ability of our buyers to source and purchase merchandise to enable us to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices. Opportunistic buying, tightly managed inventory levels, and frequent inventory turns are critical elements of our off-price business strategy. Maintaining an overall pricing differential to our competitors is also key to our ability to attract customers and sustain our sales and gross margins. Our opportunistic buying places considerable discretion with our merchants, who are in the marketplace continually and who are generally purchasing merchandise for the current or upcoming season. Our ability to meet or exceed our operating performance targets depends upon the continuous, sufficient availability of high quality merchandise that we can acquire at prices sufficiently below those paid by conventional retailers and that will represent a value to our customers. To the extent that certain of our vendors are better able to manage their inventory levels and reduce the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of high quality merchandise available to us could be materially reduced. To the extent that certain of our vendors decide not to sell to us or go out of business, the amount of high quality merchandise available to us could also be materially reduced. Because a significant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell is originally manufactured in other countries, constraints on the availability of shipping capacity, changes in transportation or tariff costs, trade relationships or tax policies, geopolitical conflicts, natural disasters, or public health issues, that reduce the supply or increase the relative cost of imported goods, could also result in disruptions to our supply relationships. Cost increases, shortages, delays, or disruptions in the availability to us of high quality, value-priced merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our sales and margins. To achieve growth, we need to expand in existing markets and enter new geographic markets. Our growth strategy is based on successfully expanding our off-price model in current markets and in new geographic regions. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand our current business and to enter new markets. Stores we open in new markets may not reach (or may take longer to reach) expected sales and profit levels, and may have higher construction, occupancy, advertising, or operating costs than stores we open in existing markets, thereby affecting our overall profitability. New markets may have competitive conditions, consumer tastes, and discretionary spending patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy than our existing markets. Our limited operating experience and limited brand recognition in new markets may require us to build brand awareness in that market through greater investments in marketing, advertising, and promotional activity than we originally planned. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate, and retain qualified associates. Further, expanding into new markets or increasing store growth in regions where we have limited operating experience could potentially result in operational inefficiencies and increased costs. 11 Our inability to continually attract, train, and retain associates with the retail talent necessary to execute our off-price retail strategies, as well as labor shortages, increased turnover, or increased labor costs could adversely affect our operating results. Like other retailers, we face challenges in recruiting and retaining sufficient talent in our buying organization, management, stores, distribution centers, and other key areas. Many of our retail store associates are in entry level or part-time positions with elevated rates of turnover. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, potential labor organizing activities, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing minimum wage or healthcare benefits. Any increase in labor costs may adversely impact our profitability or, if we fail to pay competitive wages, may result in increased turnover. Excessive turnover may result in higher costs associated with finding, hiring, and training new associates. If we cannot hire enough qualified associates, or if there is a disruption in the supply of personnel we hire from third-party providers, especially during our peak seasons, our operations could be negatively impacted. Because of the distinctive nature of our off-price model, we must also attract, train, and retain our key associates across the Company, especially within our buying organization. The loss of one or more of our key personnel or the inability to effectively identify and successfully transition suitable successors for key roles could have a material adverse effect on our business. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our growth, operations, or financial position. We need to obtain acceptable new store sites with favorable consumer demographics to achieve our planned growth. Successful growth requires us to find appropriate real estate sites in our targeted market areas. We compete with other retailers and businesses for acceptable store locations. For the purpose of identifying locations, we rely on consumer demographics. While we believe consumer demographics are helpful indicators of acceptable store locations, we recognize that this information cannot predict future consumer preferences and buying trends with complete accuracy. Time frames for negotiations and store development vary from location to location and can be subject to unforeseen delays or unexpected cancellations. We may not be able to open new stores or, if opened, operate those new stores profitably. Construction and other delays in store openings could have a negative impact on our business and operating results. Additionally, when our existing stores near the end of their lease term, we may not be able to successfully renegotiate the future lease terms, which could negatively impact our operating results. New stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores, and adding stores to existing markets may adversely affect the sales and profitability of other existing stores. If we cannot acquire sites on attractive terms, it could limit our ability to grow or adversely affect the economics of our new stores in various markets. Our ability to effectively advertise and market our business could impact customer traffic and demand for our merchandise. Customer traffic and demand for our merchandise is influenced by our advertising and marketing activities, the name recognition and reputation of our brands, and the location of our stores. Although we use an increasing variety of marketing and advertising mediums to attract customers to our stores, particularly through a mix of traditional and streaming television, digital channels (including social media), and new store grand openings, our competitors may spend more or use different approaches, which could provide them with a competitive advantage. Our advertising and other promotional programs may not be effective or may be perceived negatively, or could require increased expenditures, any of which could adversely affect sales or increase costs. 12 OPERATIONAL RISKS In order to achieve our planned gross margins, we must effectively manage our inventories, markdowns, and inventory shortage. We purchase the majority of our inventory based on our sales plans. If our actual demand is lower than our sales plans at our intended price points, we may experience excess inventory levels and need to take markdowns on excess or slow-moving inventory, resulting in decreased profit margins. We also may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand, leading to lost sales opportunities. As a regular part of our business, we purchase packaway inventory with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans, but it typically remains in storage less than six months. Packaway inventory is frequently a significant portion of our overall inventory. If we make packaway purchases that do not align with consumer preferences at the later time of release to our stores, we could have significant inventory markdowns. Changes in packaway inventory levels could impact our operating cash flow. Although we have various systems to help protect against loss or theft of our inventory, both when in storage and once distributed to our stores, we may have damaged, lost, or stolen inventory (called shortage ) in higher amounts than we forecast, which would result in write-offs, lost sales, and reduced margins. Information or data security breaches, including cyberattacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems (including malware intrusion, data exfiltration, identity theft, and other types of cybersecurity threats), could disrupt our operations, result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of our confidential and valuable business information or credit card and other customer information, and could adversely affect our business, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and create significant legal exposure. Like other large retailers, we rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions. Many of the key information systems and processes we use to handle payment card transactions and check approvals, and the levels of security technology utilized in payment cards, are controlled by the banking and payment card industry, not by us. Cybercriminals may attempt to penetrate our point of sale and other transaction processing information systems to misappropriate customer or business information, including but not limited to credit/debit card, personnel, or trade information. Cybercriminals (including state-sponsored actors) may attempt to penetrate our information systems, including supply chain and logistics systems, to deprive us from access to necessary business information and to disrupt our operations, as part of so-called ransomware extortion activity or otherwise. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs. Despite security measures we have in place, and our efforts to prevent, monitor, and mitigate attacks and errors, our facilities and systems (or those of third-party service providers we utilize or connect to) may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, phishing, ransomware attacks, and similar fraudulent attacks, or other similar events. It is also possible that an associate within our Company, or at a third party we do business with, may purposefully or inadvertently cause a security breach involving such information. The increasing sophistication of cybercriminals, the increased potential for cyberattacks, the advances in computer capabilities and artificial intelligence, and remote access increases these risks. A breach of our information or data security, a system shut down or other response we may take, or our failure or delay in detecting and mitigating a system breach and a loss of personal or business information, could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence, violation (or alleged violation) of applicable laws (including laws relating to consumer data protection and privacy, and required notifications of data security breaches), and expose us to civil claims, litigation, and regulatory action, and to unanticipated costs and disruption of our operations. 13 Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Various information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business. We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions. We are currently making, and will continue to make, technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. An excessive rate of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. Poorly targeting opportunities, failing to make good investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could damage our competitive position and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology system changes could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. These initiatives might not provide us with the anticipated benefits, or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, cyberattacks, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our associates or by third parties. If our information systems or our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs. Such disruptions may result from public health issues such as pandemics, cyberattacks, damage or destruction to our distribution centers, equipment failures, weather-related events, natural disasters, power outages, fires, trade restrictions, tariffs, third-party strikes or ineffective cross-dock operations, work stoppages or slowdowns, shipping capacity constraints, supply or shipping interruptions, or other factors beyond our control. Any such disruptions could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition. We are subject to risks associated with importing and selling merchandise produced in other countries. Risks in importing and selling such merchandise include increased tariffs and more stringent quotas, economic and supply chain disruption uncertainties and adverse economic conditions (including shipping capacity limitations, cost increases, and exchange rate fluctuations), foreign government regulations, labor stoppages or disputes, concerns relating to human rights, working conditions, and other issues in factories or countries where merchandise is produced, transparency of sourcing and supply chains, exposure on product warranty and intellectual property issues, consumer perceptions of the safety of imported merchandise, geopolitical conflict (including wars and fears of war), political unrest, natural disasters, regulations to address climate change, and trade restrictions. A predominant portion of the apparel, shoes, home-related merchandise, and other goods we sell (even when we purchase it domestically, often as excess inventory sold to us by a domestic vendor) is originally manufactured in other countries. In addition, we directly source a portion of the products sold in our stores from foreign vendors, predominantly in China. We also buy products that originate from foreign sources indirectly through domestic vendors and manufacturers representatives. More than half of the merchandise we sell is originally manufactured in China. Although our foreign purchases of merchandise are negotiated and paid for in U.S. dollars, increased tariffs or other import duties on goods imported into the United States, or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies, could increase the cost of products we purchase from overseas vendors and from domestic vendors who are reselling foreign-produced goods. When we are the importer of record, we may be subject to regulatory or other requirements similar to those applicable to a manufacturer. 14 To the extent that our vendors are located overseas or rely on overseas sources for a large portion of their products, any event causing a disruption, delay, or increase in the cost of imports, including imposition of import or other restrictions such as product detention, war, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, or public health issues could adversely affect our business. The flow of merchandise from our vendors could also be adversely affected by global shipping capacity limitations, labor stoppages, or by financial or political instability in any of the countries in which the goods we purchase are manufactured. Trade restrictions in the form of tariffs or quotas, or both, applicable to the products we sell could also affect the importation of those products and could increase the cost and reduce the supply of products available to us. We cannot predict whether China or any of the other countries from which our products are sourced, or in which our products are currently manufactured or may be manufactured in the future, will be subject to increased tariffs or trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments or the likelihood, type, or effect of any such restrictions. Damage to our corporate reputation or brands could adversely affect our sales and operating results. Our reputation is partially based on perceptions of various subjective qualities and overall integrity. Any incident that erodes the trust or confidence of our customers or the general public could adversely affect our reputation and business, particularly if the incident results in significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. Such an incident could also include alleged acts or omissions by, or situations involving, our vendors (or their contractors or subcontractors), the landlords for our stores, or our associates outside of work, and may pertain to social or political issues or protests largely unrelated to our business. Similarly, our responses to events or crises and our position (or perceived lack of position) on environmental, social, and governance matters, such as sustainability, corporate social responsibility, diversity, equality, and inclusion, responsible sourcing, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters could harm our reputation, receive negative feedback from stakeholders, including our customers and investors, and could adversely affect our sales. The use of social media and other online platforms, including blogs, applications, websites, and other forms of internet-based communications, which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons, continues to increase. The availability of information (whether correct or erroneous) on social media and other online platforms is virtually immediate, as is its impact. Many social media and other online platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content. The opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily available. Information concerning our Company may be posted on such platforms at any time. Information posted may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, which could negatively affect our sales, diminish customer trust, reduce employee morale and productivity, and lead to difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified associates. The harm may be immediate, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. To support our continuing operations, our new store and distribution center growth plans and other capital investment plans, our stock repurchase program, our debt repayments, and our quarterly dividends, we must maintain sufficient liquidity. We depend upon our operations to generate strong cash flows to support our general operating activities, and to finance our operations, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, manage our debt levels, and return value to our stockholders through stock repurchases and dividends. Disruptions to our operations may occur, nationally, regionally, or in specific locations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support our activities, our growth plans and our financial performance would be adversely affected. If our access to capital is restricted or our borrowing costs increase, our operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. In addition, if we do not properly allocate our capital resources to maximize returns, our operations, cash flows, and returns to stockholders could be adversely affected. 15 A natural or man-made disaster in a region where we have a concentration of stores, offices, or a distribution center could harm our business. We have a concentration of store locations in the states of California, Texas, and Florida; together those states include almost 50% of our stores. Approximately half of our distribution center and warehouse capacity, approximately 22% of our stores, and our corporate headquarters, are located in California. Natural or other disasters, such as wildfires, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, or other extreme weather and climate conditions, or fires, explosions, and acts of war or terrorism, or public health issues, in any of our markets could disrupt our operations or our supply chain, or could shut down, damage, or destroy our stores or distribution facilities. COMPLIANCE, REGULATORY, AND LEGAL RISKS Consumer problems or legal issues involving the quality, safety, or authenticity of products we sell could harm our reputation, result in lost sales, and/or increase our costs. Various governmental authorities regulate the quality and safety of merchandise we sell. These regulations and related laws frequently change, and the ultimate cost of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. Because of our opportunistic buying strategies, we sometimes obtain merchandise in new categories or from new vendors we have not previously dealt with. Although our vendor arrangements typically place contractual responsibility on the vendor for resulting liability and we generally rely on our vendors to provide authentic merchandise that matches the stated quality attributes and complies with applicable product safety and other laws, any non-compliance with consumer product safety laws may subject us to product recalls, make certain products unsalable, or require us to incur significant compliance costs. We require our vendors (for both import and domestic purchasing) to contractually confirm that they adhere to various conduct, compliance, and other requirements, including those relating to environmental, employment and labor (including wages and working conditions), health, safety, and anti-bribery standards. From time to time, our vendors, their contractors, or their subcontractors may be alleged to not be in compliance with these standards or with applicable local laws. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to promote compliance with laws and regulations relating to doing business in foreign markets and importing merchandise, and to monitor the compliance of our suppliers, this does not guarantee that suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business will not violate (or not allegedly violate) such laws and regulations or our policies. Significant or continuing non-compliance (or alleged non-compliance) with such standards and laws by one or more vendors could have a negative impact on our reputation, could subject us to claims and liability, and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Regardless of fault, any real or perceived issues with the quality and safety of merchandise we offer (particularly products such as food and children s items), issues with the authenticity of merchandise, or our inability or that of our vendors, to comply on a timely basis with laws and regulatory requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, result in lost sales, inventory write-offs, uninsured product liability or other legal claims, penalties or losses, merchandise recalls, and increased costs. An adverse outcome in various legal, regulatory, or tax matters could damage our reputation or brand and increase our costs. As an ordinary part of our business, we are involved in various legal proceedings, regulatory reviews, tax audits, and/or other legal matters. These may include lawsuits, inquiries, demands, or other claims or proceedings by governmental entities and private plaintiffs, including those relating to employment and employee benefits (including classification, employment rights, discrimination, harassment, wage and hour, and retaliation), workplace safety, securities, real estate, tort, commercial, consumer protection, privacy, product compliance and safety, advertising, environmental, comparative pricing, product labeling, intellectual property, tax, escheat, and whistle-blower claims. We continue to be involved in a number of employment-related lawsuits, including class/representative actions which are primarily in California. 16 We are subject to federal, state, and local rules and regulations in the United States, and to various international laws, which change from time to time. These legal requirements collectively affect multiple aspects of our business, including the cost of health care, workforce management and employee benefits, minimum wages, advertising, comparative pricing, import/export, sourcing and manufacturing, data protection (including customer and associate data privacy, choice, and notification rights), intellectual property, and others. If we fail to comply (or are alleged not to comply) with any of these requirements, we may be subject to fines, settlements, penalties, or other costs. In addition, an adverse outcome (or the adverse publicity from the claims) in any of these matters may damage our reputation or brand. We are also subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and reports by federal, state, and local tax authorities and these examining authorities may challenge positions we take. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax provisions and reserves for legal claims. Actual results may differ, and our costs may exceed the reserves we establish in estimating the probable outcomes. In addition, applicable accounting principles and interpretations may change from time to time, and those changes could have material effects on our reported operating results and financial condition. 
