Rolls-Royce has processes in place to identify emerging risks, being Principal risks are owned by one or more members of the Executive uncertainties that could become a principal risk of the future. These Team and subject to a review by the Executive Team at least once each include horizon scanning for resilience, regulatory and compliance year, ahead of a review by the Board or a Board Committee. Risks are changes (including those relating to ESG) and disruptive new managed in relation to achieving target risk appetite or beyond. The technologies, as well as analysing external data. Outputs are assessed actions needed to achieve or maintain these target positions are also by subject matter experts and, where we identify any potential new monitored. impacts on Rolls-Royce, we: Changes to the principal risks profile in 2024 — record a new risk; We continue to review our principal risks, their dynamic nature and how well they are managed. During 2024, we have redefined two of — amend an existing risk and manage this in accordance with our our previous risks, technology and climate change (now energy framework as described on page 52; or transition), to reflect our strategy development in these areas. — add the emerging risks to our watch list for investigation and monitoring. Principal risks remain categorised as either pillars or drivers, with drivers being those risks that could affect the likelihood or impact of The Board considers emerging risks and responses annually and one or more of the risk pillars. concluded that, currently, many of the external areas of focus, geopolitical tensions, extreme weather events and supply chain Changes in overall risk levels disruption are captured as causes in our existing principal risks. New The overall risk level within our portfolio has reduced during 2024, as risks added in 2024 relate primarily to fuel and energy sources both individual risks have reduced and/or we have improved control threats and opportunities. We have also seen an increase in societal effectiveness. Details of these changes can be found in the following risks, such as social polarisation, as described in the table above. tables, starting on page 55, which detail the current principal risk pillars and drivers together with how we manage them and assure them in addition to internal audit and the oversight provided by the Board and its Committees. Board confirmation The Board confirms that it has assessed and monitored the Group’s principal risks throughout the year, in accordance with the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code. 54 ROLLS-ROYCE HOLDING S PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2024 PRINCIPAL RISKS PRINCIPAL RISKS – PILLARS S T R AT EG I C R E P O R T Change in risk level: Increased Static Decreased Safety PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS People: Failure to create a place to work which minimises People: the risk of harm to our people, those who work with us and — Our HSE management system includes controls designed to reduce our safety the environment would adversely affect our reputation risks as far as is reasonably practicable and to meet or exceed relevant company, and long-term sustainability legal, regulatory and industry requirements — Crisis management framework in place Product: Failure to provide safe products Product: — Our safety assurance framework includes controls designed to reduce our safety risks as far as is reasonably practicable and to meet or exceed relevant company, legal, regulatory and industry requirements — We verify and approve product design — We test adherence to quality standards during manufacturing — We validate conformance to specification for our own products and those of our suppliers — We mandate safety awareness training — We use engine health monitoring to provide early warning of product issues — We take out relevant and appropriate insurance ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL People — Safety, Energy Transition & Tech Committee — Our role in society — Safety case interventions — Executive Team — Our business model drivers — HSE audit team — Our uniqueness Product — Product safety assurance team — Technical product lifecycle audits — Product safety board WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? This risk has improved during 2024, due to the strengthening of controls around people safety. However, safety is one of our core behaviours (see page 10) and the first priority for all our colleagues. We continue to prioritise action plans to improve people and product safety. People safety related metrics and more information on how we are reducing safety risks can be found on page 18. ROLLS-ROYCE HOLDING S PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2024 55 PRINCIPAL RISKS PRINCIPAL RISKS – PILLARS CONTINUED Change in risk level: Increased Static Decreased Compliance PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS Non-compliance by the Group with legislation or other — Comprehensive suite of Group mandatory policies and processes and controls regulatory requirements in the heavily regulated — Third-party due diligence environment in which we operate (for example, export — Investigation of speak up cases controls; data privacy; use of controlled chemicals and — Investigations into potential regulatory matters substances; anti-bribery and corruption; human rights; — Our financial control framework is designed to reduce financial reporting and and tax and customs legislation). This could affect our fraud risks ability to conduct business in certain jurisdictions and — Data classification to meet internal and external requirements and standards would potentially expose us to: reputational damage; — Export control framework financial penalties; debarment from government contracts — Digital screening and IT compliance tools for a period of time; and suspension of export privileges (including export credit financing), each of which could have a material adverse effect. ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL — Compliance teams — Audit Committee — Our business model drivers — Financial controls team — Board — Nominations, Culture & Governance Committee — Executive audit committee WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? Our compliance risks have reduced in 2024 due to the improved effectiveness of our controls to manage the risks. To be even better, we are now looking at increasing the automation of controls around our export control framework. Read more about ethics and compliance on page 51. Strategy PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS Failure to develop an optimal strategy and continuously — Strategic review process evolve it, investing in key areas for performance — We benchmark our capabilities and performance against our competitors, improvement and growth (taking into account risk reward), the market and other external metrics making difficult decisions for competitive advantage and — R&D spend aligned to our strategy, with a smaller, more focused portfolio the right portfolio and partnership choices, could result — Investment in R&D opportunities to support the development of new products or in us underperforming against our competitors and services to protect and sustain our future market significantly reduce our ability to build a high-performing, — Investment decision making process to improve the quality, delivery and competitive, resilient and growing business. durability of our existing products and services — Horizon scanning for competitive threats and opportunities, including patent searches ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL — Group strategy team — Board — Our role in society — Challenge from external advisers — Executive Team — Our business model drivers — Investment committee — Our uniqueness WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? Overall, this risk remained stable in 2024. We continued to iterate detailed strategies, for example, relating to sustainability and technology (see separate principal risk drivers on page 58). Our effectiveness at managing this risk improved throughout the year, with robust controls operating over our investment decision-making processes and integrated performance management which drives strategic priorities (such as through the five-year planning process). 56 ROLLS-ROYCE HOLDING S PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2024 PRINCIPAL RISKS PRINCIPAL RISKS – PILLARS CONTINUED S T R AT EG I C R E P O R T Change in risk level: Increased Static Decreased Execution PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS Failure to deliver as One Rolls-Royce on short- to — Performance management of our operational execution and monitor performance medium-term financial plans, including efficient and against plans effective delivery of quality products, services, and — Cost control and rigorous budgeting programmes, or falling significantly short of customer — Product lifecycle reviews expectations, would reduce our resilience and have — Intellectual property protection (for example, through patents) potentially significant adverse financial and reputational — We include inflation clauses in our contracts to manage cost increases consequences, including the risk of impairment of the — We work closely with our suppliers, driving tighter management of lead times carrying value of the Group’s intangible assets and the​ impact of potential litigation. ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL — Executive Team monitoring of execution — Board — Our role in society — Executive Team — Our business model drivers — Investment committee WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? Overall, this risk remained stable in 2024, with the effectiveness of our controls in place to manage this risk improved in 2024, reflected in our financial performance (see pages 19 to 24), with a new operating model being implemented to deliver our strategy. Business interruption PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS A major disruption of our operations and ability to deliver — Investment in capacity, equipment and facilities and in researching alternative our products, services and programmes could have an materials adverse impact on our people, internal facilities or — Duplication of capabilities across multiple locations external supply chain which could result in failure to meet — We hold surplus stock to offset future shortages agreed customer commitments and damage our prospects — We plan and practice IT disaster recovery, business continuity and crisis of winning future orders. management exercises — Supplier due diligence Disruption could be caused by a range of events, — Dual sourcing of critical suppliers including extreme weather or natural hazards, (for — Identification of alternate suppliers example, earthquakes or floods), which could increase in — Relevant and appropriate insurance in place severity or frequency given the impact of climate change; political events; financial insolvency of a critical supplier; scarcity of materials; loss of data; fire; pandemic or other infectious disease. ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL — Investment reviews — Audit Committee — Our business model drivers — Supplier strategy and sourcing reviews — Executive audit committee — Our uniqueness — Group security and resilience team WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? No overall change in risk status as it remains high due to the potential for external events, including the impacts of other principal risk drivers materialising, such as cyber, political, or extreme weather events, which could disrupt our supply chain and the ability to deliver our business model and hinder our future performance. We are continuously working in partnership with our suppliers and investing in advanced digital tools to enhance supply chain visibility and resilience. Read more about how we are managing uncertainty in our supply chain on page 13. ROLLS-ROYCE HOLDING S PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2024 57 PRINCIPAL RISKS PRINCIPAL RISKS – DRIVERS Change in risk level: Increased Static Decreased Energy transition PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS Failure to reach net zero by 2050, leveraging technology — Investment in: i) reducing carbon impact of existing products; and ii) zero carbon to transition from carbon intensive products and services technologies to replace our existing products at pace could impact our ability to win future business; — Climate scenario modelling and physical risk impact assessments achieve operating results; attract and retain talent; secure — We balance our portfolio of products, customers and revenue streams to reduce access to funding; realise future growth opportunities; or our dependence on any one product, customer or carbon emitting fuel source force government intervention to limit emissions. — Communication of the actions we are taking to manage this risk, to demonstrate our alignment to societal expectations and global climate goals — Horizon scanning and emerging risk identification processes — Inclusion of sustainability criteria in our investment committee decision making process ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL — Strategy reviews — Audit Committee — Our role in society — Technology reviews — Board — Our business model drivers — Investment reviews — Safety, Energy Transition & Tech — Our uniqueness — Group sustainability team Committee — Climate steering committee — Energy transition & technology committee WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? The need for lower carbon solutions has been identified as a long-term megatrend (see page 13), and the first phase of our sustainability strategy review took place in 2024, focusing on energy transition (see pages 34 and 35). As a result, the previous climate change risk has been refocused on energy transition, with the impact of extreme weather events now only captured by the business interruption risk. Information & data (including cyber) PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS Failure to protect the integrity, confidentiality and — Deployment of multiple layers of controls, such as web and email gateways, availability of data, both physical and digital, from attempts intrusion detection, behavioural analytics and data loss prevention to cause us and our customers harm, such as through a — Extensive testing of software and systems cyber-attack. Potential impacts include hindering data — Application of our crisis management framework to govern our response to driven decision making, disrupting internal business potential cyber security incidents and significant IT disruption operations and services for customers, or a data breach, — Restricted access to our systems and locations all of which could damage our reputation, reduce resilience, and cause financial loss. Causes include ransomware threats, unauthorised access to property or systems for the extraction, corruption, destruction of data, or availability of access to critical data and intellectual property. ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL — Group cyber security team — Audit Committee — Our business model drivers — Group security and resilience team — Safety, Energy Transition & Tech — Our uniqueness Committee — Executive audit committee WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? This risk has reduced in 2024 due to the progress of our mitigation programmes putting in place additional effective controls. However, the risk remains high due to external factors including the ongoing speed of evolution of cyber security threats and increasing compliance requirements. 58 ROLLS-ROYCE HOLDING S PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2024 PRINCIPAL RISKS PRINCIPAL RISKS – DRIVERS CONTINUED S T R AT EG I C R E P O R T Change in risk level: Increased Static Decreased Market & financial shock PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS The Group is exposed to market and financial risks, some — Diverse and balanced portfolio of which are of a macro-economic nature, (for example, — Monitoring of trends, market demand and future market forecasts, adjusting economic growth rates, foreign currency, oil price, business plans accordingly interest rates) and some of which are more specific to us — Investment committee to ensure capital investments are in line with our strategy such as cyclical aviation industry, reduction in air travel — Group liquidity policy or defence spending, disruption to other customer — Credit risk policy operations, liquidity and credit risks. This could affect — Policies designed to hedge residual risks using financial derivatives (covering demand for our products and services. foreign exchange, interest rates and commodity price risk) — Balanced portfolio with the sale of original equipment and aftermarket services, Significant extraneous market events could also materially providing a broad product range and addressing diverse markets that have damage our competitiveness and/or creditworthiness and differing business cycles our ability to access funding. This would affect operational — We raise finance through debt and equity programmes results or the outcomes of financial transactions. ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL — Five-year and strategic planning processes — Audit Committee — Our business model drivers — Strategy reviews — Board — Financial and operating drivers review WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? Financial shock risks have reduced in 2024, due to an enhanced approach to capital investments through the investment committee; strong balance sheet liquidity and low leverage; the restoration of investment grade ratings; and hedging of near-team FX. Market risk remains unchanged, with uncertainty around external market volatility and significant shocks (such as global conflict or the repeat of a pandemic) offset by our ability to withstand these events increasing through our greater business resilience. Political PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS Geopolitical factors, such as changes in key political — Development of Group and country strategies and consider associated relationships, explicit trade protectionism, differing tax or dependencies regulatory regimes, potential for conflict or broader — Horizon scanning process for political implications and dependencies political issues and heightened political tensions, could — Diversification considerations built into our investment and procurement choices lead to an unfavourable business climate and significant tensions between major trading parties or blocs, which could impact our strategy, execution, resilience, safety and compliance. ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL — Strategy reviews — Board — Our role in society — Technology reviews — Executive Team — Our business model drivers — Supplier sourcing teams — Government relations teams — Country councils WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? No change in the overall level of risk due to external factors such as the ongoing conflict in the Middle East and Ukraine, as well as the potential for increased geopolitical tensions, such as intensifying US-China competition and rising protectionism posing challenges, as outlined on page 13. This is a fast-moving risk we continually monitor and respond to. However, our control effectiveness improved in 2024, with the development of country specific strategies, the implementation of a new operating model and the introduction of processes. For example, monitoring market exposures and adapting supply chain strategies to ensure resilience amid potential protectionist measures and evolving trade dynamics. ROLLS-ROYCE HOLDING S PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2024 59 PRINCIPAL RISKS PRINCIPAL RISKS – DRIVERS CONTINUED Change in risk level: Increased Static Decreased Talent & capability PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS Inability to identify, attract and grow the critical talent, — Talent enterprise system to attract and nurture the best and diverse talent and skills and capabilities required to deliver our strategic ensure robust bench strength priorities could threaten our ability to be a high- — Differentiated performance management framework to enable high performance performing, competitive, resilient and growing business. and growth — People rewarded fairly, based on skill and contribution and reward for high performance and delivery — Critical skills and capabilities defined and mapped at Group level — Strategic workforce planning through our enterprise capability committee — Continuous learning with digital resources aligned to our identified critical capabilities and skills ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL — People leadership team — Nominations, Culture & Governance — Our business model drivers — Leaders across Rolls-Royce Committee — Our uniqueness — Employee opinion survey — People committee WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? This risk has remained stable due to the action plans put in place to mitigate this risk while we transform the business. These programme activities continue. People related metrics, including on retention and learning and development, plus more information on people programmes like change makers, can be found on pages 46 to 50. Technology PRINCIPAL RISK DESCRIPTION CONTROLS AND MITIGATING ACTIONS Failure to ensure products and services are based on — Technology roadmaps competitive technology, leveraging substantial — Investment in R&D opportunities engineering and scientific challenges, adopting digital — Prioritisation of the research and technology portfolio tools (such as AI) and new ways of working, could hinder — Horizon scanning process for emerging technology threats and opportunities our ability to accelerate product design and deliver a — Uniform project management standards competitive offer that ensures superior performance; enhances the customer experience; drives the transition to lower carbon; improves productivity and reduces costs. This will ultimately negatively impact our competitiveness and market share. ASSUR ANCE ACTIVITIES AND PROVIDERS OVERSIGHT FORUM(S) BUSINESS MODEL — Strategy reviews — Safety, Energy Transition & Tech — Our role in society — Investment reviews Committee — Our business model drivers — Technology reviews — Energy transition & technology — Our uniqueness committee WHAT HAS CHANG ED IN 2024? The potential of digitalisation and AI to further transform how we operate has been identified as a long-term megatrend (see page 13) and we have continued to expand and evaluate this risk in 2024 as we further developed technology and digital roadmaps which outline what we need to achieve our strategic goals and ensure operational excellence. The level of risk has reduced due to these roadmaps and the integration of our technology strategy in our investment decision making, and the comprehensive, cross-business view of research and technology activities. See page 13 for more on how we are embedding AI and digital tools throughout our business. 60 ROLLS-ROYCE HOLDING S PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2024 Going concern and viability statements Going concern statement the going concern period. Further detail on these climate scenarios is S T R AT EG I C R E P O R T Overview set out on page 39. In accordance with the requirements of the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code, the Directors have assessed the prospects of the Liquidity and borrowings Group, taking into account its current position, the Group’s principal During 2024, the Group cancelled a £1bn undrawn UKEF-supported risks which are described on pages 52 to 60, and the Group’s loan facility that was due to mature in 2027, and in May 2024 the Group mid-term forecasts together with factors that could affect its future repaid a €550m bond at its maturity. A one-year extension option on development, performance and position, as set out in the Strategic the £2.5bn undrawn revolving credit facility was exercised in October Report on pages 2 to 65. 2024, extending the revolving credit facility maturity to November 2027. A further one-year extension option remains, subject to bank The Financial Review on pages 19 to 24 sets out the financial agreement at the time of exercise. position of the Group, its cash flows, liquidity position and the Group’s capital framework. The notes to the accounts include the objectives, At 31 December 2024, the Group had liquidity of £8.1bn including cash policies and procedures over financial risk management, including and cash equivalents of £5.6bn and undrawn facilities of £2.5bn. The financial instruments and hedging activities, exposure to credit risk, going concern period includes the maturity of a $1bn bond in October liquidity risk, interest rate risk and commodity price risk. 2025 that the Group intends to repay from cash. Subsequent maturities during the going concern period are a €750m bond in February 2026 In adopting the going concern basis for preparing the consolidated and a £375m bond in June 2026. Given the Group’s cash and liquidity and Company 
