. RISK FACTORS, Risks related to our operations . 15 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS While we utilize robust processes and resources to identify and manage risks, we are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business, some of which are comparable to the risks any business is exposed to and some that are unique to our operations. The following summarizes the known material risks and uncertainties that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. When considering making or maintaining an investment in our securities, you should carefully consider the RISK FACTORS included below as well as those matters referenced in the section entitled Disclosures Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and other information included and incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks are not the only risks we face. Our business could also be impacted by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we believe not to be material based on the information we have at this time. If any of the events described below as risks actually occur, it could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations or impair our ability to implement our business plans or complete development activities as expected. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline or, if severe enough, the entire value of an investment in our securities could become worthless. Economic risks related to our business Volatility of natural gas, NGLs and oil prices affects our cash flow and capital resources and could significantly hamper our ability to operate economically. Natural gas, NGLs and oil prices are volatile, and a decline in prices could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. As a commodity business, the oil and gas industry is typically cyclical and we expect the volatility to continue. Natural gas prices are likely to affect us the most because approximately 65% of our proved reserves were natural gas as of December 31, 2025 and, at times in the past, natural gas prices have been low compared to our costs to produce. Natural gas, NGLs and oil prices fluctuate in response to changes in supply and demand, market uncertainty and other factors that are beyond our control. These factors include: events that impact domestic and foreign supply of, and demand for, natural gas, NGLs and oil; the continued operation of export facilities to supply foreign markets with natural gas and natural gas liquids and the ability to transport the product to markets due to shipping restrictions, armed conflict or terrorist threats and attacks; changes in weather patterns and events, including natural disasters such as hurricanes, floods, wildfires and tornadoes; technological advances affecting energy consumption, storage and energy supply; the production levels of non-OPEC countries, including production levels in the United States shale plays; general economic conditions worldwide; the price and availability of, and demand for, alternative and competing forms of energy, such as nuclear, geothermal, hydroelectric, wind and solar; the level of drilling, completion and production activities by other companies, and variability therein, in response to market conditions; the ability of the members of OPEC and other exporting nations to agree to and comply with production controls; military, economic and political conditions in natural gas, NGLs and oil producing regions; the cost of exploring for, developing, producing, transporting and marketing natural gas, NGLs and oil; and domestic (federal, state and local) and foreign governmental regulations, sanctions, tariffs and taxation, including further legislation requiring, subsidizing or providing tax benefits for the use of alternative energy sources and fuels. The long-term effects of these and other factors on the prices of natural gas, NGLs and oil prices are uncertain. Historical declines in natural gas, NGLs and oil commodity prices have adversely affected our business by: reducing the amount of natural gas, NGLs and oil that we can economically produce; reducing our revenues, operating income and cash flows; reducing the amount of cash flows available for capital expenditures; increasing the cost of obtaining capital, such as equity and debt financings; and reducing the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to natural gas, NGLs and oil. 16 If demand for natural gas, NGLs and oil is reduced, the prices we receive for and our ability to market and produce our natural gas, NGLs and oil may be negatively affected. Volatility in natural gas, NGLs and oil markets and the price we receive for our production is largely determined by various factors beyond our control. Production from natural gas and oil wells in some geographic areas of the United States has been or could be curtailed for considerable periods of time due to lack of local market demand and transportation and storage capacity. In the recent past, we have temporarily shut-in wells due to low commodity prices and it is possible that some of our wells may be shut-in in the future or sales terms may be less favorable than might otherwise be obtained should demand for our products decrease and/or prices decrease. Competition for markets has been vigorous and there remains uncertainty about prices purchasers will pay or the availability of sufficient storage, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial position. We could experience periods of higher costs. These cost increases could reduce our profitability, cash flow and ability to conduct development activities as planned . We rely on third-party contractors to provide key services and equipment for our operations. Historically, our capital and operating costs have risen during periods of increasing natural gas, NGLs and oil prices. These cost increases result from a variety of factors beyond our control, such as increases in the cost of electricity, steel and other raw materials that we and our vendors rely upon; increased demand for labor, services and materials as drilling and completions activity increases; tariffs on foreign goods; and increased taxes. Increased levels of drilling activity in the natural gas, NGLs and oil industry could lead to increased costs of some drilling equipment, materials and supplies. Such costs may rise faster than increases in our revenue, thereby negatively impacting our profitability, cash flow and ability to conduct development activities as planned and on budget. Based on the cost inflation pressure experienced over the last few years, we continue to undertake actions and implement plans to strengthen our supply chain. Nevertheless, we expect to experience some supply chain constraints and inflationary pressure on our cost structure including steel, fuel and labor, among other items, for the foreseeable future. By continuing to focus on cost control initiatives and actions, which increase our drilling, completion and operating efficiencies, we may be able to mitigate some inflationary pressures in the future. Competition in the oil and gas industry is intense, making it more difficult for us to acquire properties, market products and secure and retain trained personnel. Our ability to acquire additional drilling locations and to find and develop reserves in the future will depend on our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment for acquiring properties, marketing products and securing equipment and trained personnel. Also, there is substantial competition for capital available for investment in the oil and natural gas industry. Many of our competitors possess and employ financial, technical and personnel resources substantially greater than ours. Those companies may be able to pay more for productive natural gas properties and exploratory drilling locations and to evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or personnel resources permit. None of our senior management team nor any of our other officers are subject to an employment agreement and therefore retaining them as employees is less certain than if they were parties to an employment agreement. The unanticipated loss of one or more of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, the loss of key technical professionals with extensive experience in our core operating area could be difficult to replace if they were to leave and the loss of such employees could adversely affect the costs of drilling, completing and operating our wells. In addition, other companies may be able to offer better compensation packages to attract and retain qualified personnel than we are able to offer. The cost to attract and retain qualified personnel may increase substantially in the future. We may not be able to successfully compete in the future in acquiring prospective reserves, developing reserves, marketing hydrocarbons, attracting and retaining trained personnel and raising additional capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 17 Our debt obligations may limit our liquidity and financial flexibility . We are a borrower under fixed rate senior notes and maintain a floating rate bank credit facility which had $118.0 million of borrowings as of December 31, 2025. Our exploration and development program requires substantial capital resources depending on the level of drilling and the expected cost of services. Existing operations also require ongoing capital expenditures. Increases in our level of debt may: require us to dedicate a greater portion of our cash flows from operations to the payment of our indebtedness, reducing the funds available for our operations or return of capital to stockholders; make us vulnerable to increases in interest rates; increase our vulnerability to a downturn in commodity prices or the general economy; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with lower debt service obligations; limit our operating flexibility due to financial and other restrictive covenants; limit our flexibility to maintain or grow our business and plan for, or react to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and limit or prevent our ability to pay dividends and other restricted payments (as defined in our bank credit facility). Historically, we have funded our capital expenditures through a combination of cash flow from operations and our bank credit facility and, in limited circumstances, debt and equity issuances. We have also engaged in asset monetization transactions. Future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, such as the level of production from existing wells, prices of natural gas, NGLs and oil and our success in developing and producing our reserves. If our access to capital were limited as a result of various factors, which could include a decrease in revenues due to lower natural gas, NGLs and oil prices or decreased production or deterioration of the credit and capital markets, we would have a reduced ability to fund our operations and replace our reserves resulting in reduced financial flexibility. The amount available for borrowing under our bank credit facility is subject to a borrowing base, which is determined by our lenders, taking into account our estimated proved reserves and is subject to periodic re-determinations based on pricing models determined by the lenders at such time. Declines in natural gas, NGLs and oil prices adversely impact the value of our estimated proved reserves and, in turn, the market values used by our lenders to determine our borrowing base and could result in a determination to lower our borrowing base, reducing our financial flexibility. Disruptions or volatility in the global finance markets may lead to a contraction in credit availability impacting our ability to finance our operations. We benefit from continued access to capital. A significant reduction in cash flows from operations or the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to conduct our planned operations, our ability to manage our debt maturities and our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. We are also exposed to some credit risk related to our bank credit facility to the extent that one or more of our lenders experiences liquidity problems and is unable to provide necessary funding to us under our existing revolving line of credit. Any failure to meet our debt obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations . Our earnings and cash flow will fluctuate from year-to-year due to the variable nature of commodity prices. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt obligations, we may be forced to sell assets, seek equity sales or restructure our debt. Our ability to restructure our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any restructuring of debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our operations and our financial flexibility. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies in the United States. Factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and near-term and long-term cash flow relative to debt balances. Liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix (natural gas, NGLs and oil) and projected commodity pricing levels are also considered by the rating agencies. A ratings downgrade could adversely impact our ability to access debt markets in the future, increase the cost of future debt and could require us to post letters of credit or other forms of collateral for certain obligations. We cannot provide assurance that our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be downgraded in the future. As a result of cross-default provisions in our borrowing arrangements, we may be unable to satisfy all of our outstanding obligations in the event of a default on our part. The terms of our senior indebtedness, including our revolving credit facility, contain cross-default provisions which provide that we will be in default under such agreements in the event of certain defaults under our indentures or other loan agreements. Accordingly, should an event of default above certain thresholds occur under any of those agreements, we face the prospect of being in default under all of our debt agreements, obligated in such instance to satisfy all of our outstanding indebtedness but in all probability unable to satisfy all of our outstanding obligations simultaneously. In such an event, we 18 might not be able to obtain alternative financing or, if we are able to obtain such financing, we might not be able to obtain it on terms acceptable to us, which would negatively affect our ability to continue our business plan, make capital expenditures and finance our operations. Derivative transactions may limit our potential gains and involve other risks . To manage our exposure to commodity price volatility, we currently, and likely will in the future, enter into derivative arrangements, utilizing commodity derivatives ("hedges") with respect to a portion of our future production. Hedges are generally designed to lock in future prices for commodities to limit volatility and increase the predictability of cash flow. These hedging transactions can limit our potential gains if natural gas, NGLs and oil prices rise above the price established by the hedge. In addition, derivative transactions may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which: our production is less than expected; the counterparties to our futures contracts fail to perform on their contract obligations; or an event materially impacts natural gas, NGLs or oil prices or the relationship between the hedged price index and the natural gas, NGLs or oil sales prices we receive. We cannot be certain that any derivative transaction we may enter into will adequately protect us from declines in the prices of natural gas, NGLs or oil. Furthermore, if we choose not to engage in derivative transactions in the future, we may be more adversely affected by decreases in natural gas, NGLs or oil prices than our competitors who utilize derivative transactions. Lower natural gas, NGLs and oil prices over a longer term will also negatively impact our ability to enter into derivative contracts at prices that exceed our costs of production. We are exposed to a risk of financial loss if a counterparty fails to perform under a derivative contract. We are unable to predict sudden changes in a counterparty s creditworthiness or ability to perform. Even if we do accurately predict such changes, our ability to mitigate the risk may be limited depending upon market conditions. Furthermore, the bankruptcy of one or more of our hedge counterparties, or some other similar proceeding or liquidity constraint, would make it unlikely we would be able to collect all or a significant portion of amounts owed to us by the distressed entity or entities. During periods of falling commodity prices, our derivative receivable positions increase, which increases our exposure to the counterparties. If the creditworthiness of our counterparties deteriorates and results in their nonperformance, we could incur a significant loss. Risks related to our operations Drilling is an uncertain and costly activity . The cost of drilling, completing, and operating a well is often uncertain, and many factors can adversely affect the economics of a well. Our efforts will be uneconomical if we drill dry holes or wells that are productive but do not produce enough natural gas, NGLs and oil to be commercially viable after drilling, operating and other costs. There is no way to conclusively know in advance of drilling and testing whether any particular prospect will yield natural gas, NGLs or oil in commercially viable quantities. Furthermore, our drilling and producing operations may be curtailed, delayed, or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: increases in the costs, shortages or delivery delays of drilling rigs, equipment, water for hydraulic fracturing services, labor, or other services; unexpected operational events and drilling conditions; reductions in natural gas, NGLs or oil prices; limitations in the market for natural gas, NGLs or oil; facility or equipment malfunctions or operator error; equipment failures or accidents; loss of title and other title-related land issues; pipe or cement failures and casing collapses; compliance with, or changes in, permitting, environmental, tax and other governmental requirements; environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, and unauthorized discharges of hazardous materials; lost or damaged oilfield drilling and service tools; unusual or unexpected geological formations; 19 loss of drilling fluid circulation; pressure or irregularities in geological formations; fires, surface craterings, blowouts or explosions; uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids; availability and timely issuance of required governmental permits and licenses; and civil unrest or protest activities. If any of these factors were to occur, we could lose all or a part of our investment or we could fail to realize the expected benefits, either of which could materially and adversely affect our revenue and profitability. Our operations involve utilizing drilling and completion techniques as developed by us and our service providers. Risks that we face while drilling horizontal wells include, but are not limited to, the following: landing the wellbore in the desired drilling zone; drilling the wellbore to the full planned length; staying in the desired drilling zone while drilling horizontally through the formation; running casing the entire length of the wellbore; and being able to run tools and other equipment consistently through the horizontal wellbore. Risks that we face while completing horizontal wells include, but are not limited to, the following: the ability to fracture and stimulate the planned number of stages; the ability to run tools the entire length of the wellbore during completion operations; and the ability to successfully clean out the wellbore after completion of the final fracture stimulation stage. Our identified drilling locations are scheduled out over multiple years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their drilling . Our management team has specifically identified and scheduled certain drilling locations for future multi-year drilling activities on our existing acreage. Our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including natural gas, NGLs and oil prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, the availability of drilling services and equipment, drilling results, obtaining lease agreements and managing lease expirations, transportation constraints, permits, regulatory and zoning approvals and other factors. Unless production is established within the spacing units covering acreage subject to an expiration, the leases for such acreage will expire. Because of these uncertain factors, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified. In addition, we will require significant capital over a prolonged period in order to pursue the development of these locations, and we may not be able to raise or generate the capital required to do so. Any drilling activities we are able to conduct on these locations may not be successful or result in our ability to add proved reserves to our overall proved reserves or may result in a downward revision of our estimated proved reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations and financial condition. Our business is subject to operating hazards that could result in substantial losses or liabilities that may not be fully covered under our insurance policies . While we have processes and procedures that we utilize to mitigate operational risks, natural gas, NGLs and oil operations are subject to many risks, including well blowouts, craterings, explosions, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids (especially those that reach surface water or groundwater), fires, pipe or cement failures, pipeline ruptures or spills, vandalism, pollution, releases of toxic gases, geological formations with abnormal or unexpected pressures, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters and other environmental hazards and risks. In addition, our operations are sometimes near populated commercial or residential areas. If any of these hazards occur, we could sustain substantial losses as a result of: personal injury or loss of life; damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment; pollution or other environmental damage; investigatory and cleanup responsibilities; regulatory investigations and penalties or lawsuits; suspension of operations by regulatory authorities; and 20 repairs and remediation to resume operations. We maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from our operations in accordance with what we believe are customary industry practices and in amounts and at costs that we believe to be prudent and commercially practicable. Our insurance includes deductibles that must be met prior to recovery, as well as sub-limits and/or self-insurance. Additionally, our insurance is subject to exclusions and limitations. Our insurance does not cover every potential risk associated with our operations, including the potential loss of significant revenues. We can provide no assurance that our insurance coverage will adequately protect us against liability from all potential consequences, damages and losses. We may elect not to purchase insurance in instances where we determine that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks we believe are presented. However, such determinations may prove to be incorrect. Further, some forms of insurance may become unavailable in the future. If we incur liability from a significant event and the damages are not covered by insurance or are in excess of policy limits, then we would have lower revenues and funds available to us for our operations, that could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we rely to a large extent on facilities owned and operated by third parties, in particular gas transportation and processing facilities, and damage to, or destruction of, those third-party facilities could affect our ability to process, transport and sell our production. To a limited extent, we maintain business interruption insurance related to key facilities and connecting lines for our wells in Pennsylvania where we are insured for potential catastrophic losses from the interruption of production caused by a covered loss of or damage to the processing plants; however, such insurance is limited and may not adequately protect us from all potential consequences, damages and losses. Our producing properties are concentrated in Pennsylvania, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating in one geographic and political region . Essentially 100% of our total estimated proved reserves are located in Pennsylvania. We are additionally vulnerable to processing and transportation constraints for our products in this area. We are more heavily exposed to the extensive and evolving regulatory environment in Pennsylvania which may lead to additional costs, delays or interruptions of construction, development and production from our wells. See also, below, The natural gas industry is subject to extensive regulation . Additionally, local governments in Pennsylvania are authorized to adopt and implement ordinances and impose certain restrictions regarding siting of well sites, tank pads and other related facilities. Approval from one or more local governmental bodies, some following a public hearing, may be required before commencing construction of facilities which can result in delay, increased expense or, in some cases, prevention of development. Moreover, new initiatives or regulations could propose new setback distances or further restrictions on our ability to conduct certain operations such as hydraulic fracturing or disposal of substances generated by our operations, including, but not limited to, produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes associated with our operations. For example, in January 2024, the DEP announced that it would implement a policy requiring natural gas well operators to disclose chemicals they use in drilling and hydraulic fracturing operations before the chemicals are used on-site. Further, in November 2024, Cecil Township, located in Washington County, Pennsylvania, adopted an ordinance that increased the setback distance for oil and gas operations from 500 feet to 2,500 feet from protected structures like residences and businesses and 5,000 feet from schools and hospitals. See also above Land Use and Setbacks. Separately, the DEP received a citizen petition for rulemaking to expand setback distances from natural gas operations across Pennsylvania. On December 9, 2025, the Pennsylvania Environmental Quality Board (PEQB) accepted the citizen petition for rulemaking moving the petition forward for the DEP s review and study of the requested rulemaking. We do not expect action on the requested rulemaking for the foreseeable future and believe that the petition and requested rulemaking are unlawful. We will continue to monitor this petition, the requested rulemaking and any related developments to assess potential impacts to our operations. Currently there are a few states that have elected to ban or severely limit hydraulic fracturing. Should Pennsylvania or the federal government ban hydraulic fracturing, it would preclude economic development of our Marcellus Shale reserves potentially resulting in severe negative financial consequences to us. We use a significant amount of water in our hydraulic fracturing operations. Our inability to locate sufficient amounts of water or dispose of or recycle water used in our operations may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Water is an essential component of our drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. Limitation or restrictions on our ability to secure sufficient amounts of water (including limitations from natural causes such as drought) and transport it could impact our operations. If we are unable to obtain water to use in our operations from local sources, we may need to obtain it from new sources and transport the water to drilling sites, resulting in increased costs. We must either dispose of or recycle water used in our operations. Compliance with environmental and permit requirements governing the withdrawal, storage and use of recycled water, surface water or groundwater may increase costs and cause delays, interruptions or termination of our operations. Unless we replace our reserves, our reserves and production will decline, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unless we successfully replace the reserves that we produce, our reserves will decline as reserves are depleted, eventually resulting in a decrease in natural gas, NGLs and oil production and lower revenues and cash flow from operations. Our future production is, therefore, highly dependent on our level of success in finding or acquiring additional reserves. We may not be able to replace reserves through our exploration, development and extraction activities or by acquiring properties at acceptable costs which would result in a reduction in proved reserves and production over time. If we are unable to 21 replace our current and future production, our revenues will decrease and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our business depends on natural gas and oil transportation and NGLs processing facilities, which are owned by others and depends on our ability to contract with those parties . Our ability to sell our natural gas, NGLs and oil production depends in part on the availability, proximity and capacity of gathering and transportation pipeline systems, processing facilities, rail cars, trucks or vessels owned by third parties and our ability to contract with those third parties. The lack of available capacity on these systems and facilities could result in the shut-in of producing wells or the delay or discontinuance of development plans for properties. Changes in intrastate pipeline rate design for Section 311 service could increase fixed transportation costs and reduce flexibility. If intrastate pipelines that provide interstate transportation under the Natural Gas Policy Act Section 311 adopt or maintain rate designs with higher fixed (reservation) charges, our transportation costs could increase and our flexibility to manage volumes through variable charges could decline. Because we depend on third party systems to gather and transport our production, higher fixed fees or related tariff changes could reduce our netbacks, contribute to curtailments in constrained periods, and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. See also above, Our producing properties are concentrated in Pennsylvania, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating in one geographic and political region. Although we have some contractual control over the transportation of our products, material changes in these business relationships, including the financial condition of the contractual counterparties, could materially affect our operations. In some cases, we do not purchase firm transportation on third-party facilities and, as a result, our production transportation can be interrupted by those having firm arrangements. In other cases, we have entered into firm transportation arrangements where we are obligated to pay fees on minimum volumes regardless of actual volume throughput. If production decreases due to reduced or delayed developmental activities, the current commodity price environment, production related difficulties or otherwise, we may be unable to utilize all of our rights under existing firm transportation contracts, resulting in obligations to pay fees without receiving revenue from sales. Such fees may be significant and may have a material adverse effect on our operations. We have also entered into long-term agreements with third parties to provide natural gas gathering and processing services. In some cases, the capacity of gathering systems and transportation pipelines may be insufficient to accommodate production from existing and new wells. Federal and state regulation of natural gas and oil production and transportation, tax and energy policies, changes in supply and demand, pipeline pressures, damage to or destruction of pipelines, obstacles or impediments due to coal or other mineral extraction activities and general economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to produce, gather and transport natural gas, NGLs and oil. If any of these third-party pipelines or other facilities become partially or fully unavailable to transport or process our product, or if the natural gas quality specifications for a natural gas pipeline or facility change so as to restrict our ability to transport natural gas on those pipelines or facilities, our revenues could be adversely affected. The disruption of third-party facilities due to maintenance, mechanical failures, accidents, weather and/or other reasons could negatively impact our ability to market and deliver our products. In particular, the disruption of certain third-party natural gas processing facilities that support our core operating area in southwest Pennsylvania could materially affect our ability to market and deliver natural gas production in that area especially if such disruption were to last for more than a short duration which could result in the necessity to curtail a significant amount of our production. We have no control over when or if such facilities are restored and generally have no control over what prices will be charged. A total shut-in of production could severely affect us due to a lack of cash flow, and if a substantial portion of the production volume is hedged at lower than market prices, our obligation to the counterparty under those financial hedges might have to be paid from borrowings thus further adversely affecting our financial condition. Risks related to the industry in which we operate The natural gas industry is subject to extensive regulation . Natural gas, NGLs, oil and other hydrocarbons, as well as our operations to produce these products, are subject to extensive laws, regulations, and ordinances at the federal, state and local level. Further, new legislation, proposed rulemaking and ordinance amendments affecting the industry are under constant review often with more expansive requirements and rules on our products and operations. Compliance with new and expanding laws from numerous governmental departments and agencies often increases our cost of doing business, delays our operations and decreases our profitability and additional uncertainty can be introduced through varying court interpretations of such laws. Certain potential legislation, such as a ban on hydraulic fracturing, could even preclude our ability to economically develop our reserves. Matters subject to laws and regulations affecting our business include, but are not limited to: the amount and types of substances and material that may be released into the environment, including GHGs; responding to unexpected releases of regulated substances or materials to the environment; the sourcing, transportation and disposal of water used in the drilling and completions process; permits, performance rules and reporting obligations concerning drilling, completion and production operations; threatened or endangered species and waterway protection efforts; and climate related initiatives. Environmental regulations and pollution liability could expose us to significant costs and penalties . We may incur significant costs and liabilities in complying with existing or future environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies or initiatives. Some of these environmental laws and regulations may impose strict, joint and several liability regardless of fault or knowledge, which could subject us to liability for conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred, or conditions caused by prior owners or operators or 22 which relate to third-party sites where we have taken materials for recycling or disposal. Pennsylvania law also imposes criminal liability for certain releases of substances, regardless of fault or intent. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the occurrence of delays, cancellations or restrictions in permitting or performance of our projects or other operations and subject us to administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties, corrective actions and orders enjoining some or all of our operations. Our operations may be impacted by new and amended laws and regulations, reinterpretations of existing laws and regulations or increased government enforcement relating to environmental laws. For example, properly handled drilling fluids and produced water are currently exempt from regulation as hazardous waste under RCRA, and instead are regulated under RCRA s non-hazardous waste provisions. It is possible that the EPA may in the future propose rulemaking that designates such wastes as hazardous rather than non-hazardous, and a similar designation may be made at the state level. Should this occur at the federal and/or state level it could result in significant costs to attain and maintain compliance. We may also be exposed to liability and costs for handling of hydrocarbons, air emissions and wastewater or other fluid discharges related to our operations and waste disposal practices. Spills or other unauthorized releases of hazardous or regulated substances by us, our contractors or resulting from our operations could expose us to material losses, expenditures and liabilities, including civil and criminal liabilities, in each case under environmental laws and regulations and we are currently and have in the past been involved in such investigations, remediation and monitoring activities. The Pennsylvania Office of the Attorney General has previously announced investigations and charges generally related to our industry in Pennsylvania. Additionally, neighboring landowners and other third parties may assert claims or file lawsuits against us for personal injury and/or property damage allegedly caused by the release of substances into the environment, with or without evidence of an impact from our operations, all of which could also result in significant litigation or settlement costs as well as reputational harm. Laws and regulations pertaining to threatened and endangered species and protection of waterways could delay or restrict our operations and cause us to incur substantial costs . Various federal and state statutes prohibit actions or operations that adversely affect endangered or threatened species and their habitats. These statutes include the federal ESA, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, the CWA, CERCLA and similar state programs, including the Pennsylvania Oil and Gas Act and the Clean Streams Law and related regulations. For example, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service as well as state agencies may designate critical habitat and suitable habitat areas that it believes are necessary for survival of threatened or endangered species. A critical habitat or suitable habitat designation could result in material restrictions to land use and delay, restrict or even prevent our operations. For additional details, please refer to Governmental Regulation in Item 1 , Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters, specifically the Endangered Species Act section above. Similarly, operations may be impacted, delayed or even prevented by the existence of wetlands or other environmentally sensitive areas based upon the scope of the CWA and its protection of waters of the United States as well as state laws such as the Pennsylvania Clean Streams Law and related regulations and permitting requirements. We will continue to monitor changes to the federal definition of waters of the United States, proposed in November 2025 since jurisdictional shifts can affect permitting scope, timing, and mitigation requirements for certain of our activities. Climate related regulations and initiatives could expose us to significant costs and restrictions on operations . There is an ongoing public debate as to the extent to which our climate is changing, the potential causes of climate change and its potential impacts. As part of that debate, there is general belief that increased levels of GHGs, including carbon dioxide and methane, have contributed to and continue to contribute to climate change which has led to numerous regulatory, political, litigation and financial risks associated with the production of fossil fuels and emissions of GHGs. Oil and natural gas development generates GHG emissions. Federal and state governments have from time to time considered legislation and regulations to reduce GHG emissions, including, but not limited to the implementation of GHG monitoring and reporting for the natural gas industry which includes certain of our operations. For additional details please refer to Governmental Regulation in Item 1 , Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters , specifically the Air emissions and Climate change sections above. There have also been a number of state and regional efforts that have emerged that seek to track and reduce GHG emissions by means of cap and trade programs where emitters would be required to acquire and surrender emission allowances in return for emitting GHGs. The Pennsylvania Environmental Quality Board approved a rule in 2020 to participate in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative ( RGGI ), a multi-state program capping CO 2 emissions from fossil-fuel-fired power plants. Subsequent legal challenges resulted in a July 2022 Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania order staying Pennsylvania s participation in RGGI, and, in November 2023, the Commonwealth Court ruled that funds generated through the RGGI are an unconstitutional tax, effectively preventing the state from participating in RGGI. Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro then appealed to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. In parallel, throughout 2024 and 2025 the Pennsylvania General Assembly advanced legislation to repeal the RGGI regulation and to bar participation absent specific legislative authorization while executive-branch policymakers pursued alternative, Pennsylvania-specific cap-and-invest concepts. However, in November 2025, Governor Shapiro signed a bill as part of a deal to resolve an ongoing budget impasse that, among other things, withdrew the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania from the RGGI (and rendered moot the related legislation in the Pennsylvania General Assembly), ending years of political and legal conflict over whether the state should join the multistate cap and trade program. We will continue to monitor these developments because any carbon-pricing program applicable to in-state generators could influence in-state power-sector gas demand, basis differentials, and, indirectly, our price realizations and development plans. We also initiated our 23 own internal goals to reduce GHG emissions to net zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2025, which we achieved in 2024 and maintained in 2025. The outcome of federal, state and regional actions to address global climate change could result in a variety of new laws and regulations to control or restrict emissions including taxes or other charges to deter or restrict emissions of GHGs. This may also depend upon political outcomes as there have been certain candidates seeking election to various state and federal offices or their appointees, who have made pledges to restrict GHG emissions, ban hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells and ban new leases for production of natural gas, NGLs and oil on federal lands. Our reserves development is critically dependent upon the use of hydraulic fracturing and we cannot economically develop any of our reserves without using such technology (which we believe has been safely conducted for many decades) and a ban of such technology could result in severe economic harm to us. There are also increasing litigation risks associated with climate change concerns as a number of cities and local governments have initiated lawsuits against fossil fuel producers in state and federal court asserting claims for public nuisance and seeking damages for climate change impacts to roadways and infrastructure. Such lawsuits have also alleged that fossil fuel producers have been aware of the adverse effects of climate change and defrauded their investors by failing to adequately disclose those impacts. Financial risks exist for fossil fuel energy companies, including natural gas producers, as in recent years, stockholders and bondholders are concerned about the potential effects of fossil fuels on climate change and may elect to shift some or all of their investments away from fossil fuel based energy. Institutional lenders who provide financing to fossil fuel energy companies are at times under pressure from activists and are the subject of lobbying to not provide funding for fossil fuel production, although this trend has recently decreased. For example, in November 2021, the Federal Reserve issued a statement in support of the efforts of the Network of Greening the Financial System, of which the Federal Reserve is a member, to identify key issues and potential solutions for the climate-related challenges most relevant to central banks and supervisory authorities. However in January 2025, the Federal Reserve issued a statement announcing it has withdrawn from the Network of Central Banks and Supervisors for the Greening of the Financial System. Despite the declining trend, some institutional lenders may elect not to provide funding for us which could result in restriction, delay or cancellation of drilling programs, development or production activities or impair our ability to operate economically. On March 6, 2024, the SEC adopted rules that would require public companies to disclose extensive climate change-related information in certain of their SEC filings. However, on March 15, 2024, a federal appellate court imposed a temporary stay pending judicial review of such new rules, and in response, on April 4, 2024, the SEC issued an order staying any amendments to such rules pending the completion of judicial review of the federal appellate court petitions. On February 11, 2025, the acting chairman of the SEC released a statement that he has directed the SEC staff to request that the court not schedule the case for argument to provide time for the SEC to deliberate the appropriate next steps in litigation related to The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures for Investors rule. On March 27, 2025, the SEC commissioners voted to end the defense of The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures for Investors rule. While the SEC has ceased defending the previously approved climate disclosure rules and notified the court accordingly (leaving them stayed and unlikely to take effect under the current administration), other state-level jurisdictions have already implemented or are currently developing climate disclosure requirements for large companies that operate in their jurisdictions. Certain organizations that provide corporate governance and other corporate risk information to investors and stockholders have developed scores and ratings to evaluate companies and investment funds based on sustainability or environmental, social and governance ("ESG") metrics. Currently, there are no universal standards for such scores or ratings, but the importance of sustainability evaluations is becoming more broadly accepted by investors and stockholders. A number of advocacy groups, both domestically and internationally, have campaigned for governmental and private action to promote change at public companies related to ESG matters, including through investment and voting practices of investment advisors, public pension funds, universities and other members of the investing community. As a result, many investment funds focus on positive ESG business practices and sustainability scores when making investments. Companies which do not adapt to or comply with investor or stockholder ESG expectations and standards or which are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, may suffer from reputational damage and the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of such a company could be materially and adversely affected, or could also have limited access to certain capital markets. Moreover, we may from time-to-time create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters. Many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures are based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that may or may not be representative of current or actual risks or events or forecasts of expected risks or events, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many ESG matters. At this time, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws, regulations, regional or international initiatives or compacts, litigation, ESG ratings or financing restrictions due to climate concerns on our future consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows; however, such impacts could be material and have material negative consequences to our business. 24 Information concerning our reserves and future net cash flow are estimates and may not match our results . There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves and their values, including many factors beyond our control. Estimates of proved reserves depend on many assumptions relating to current and future economic conditions and commodity prices as well as the projected productivity of our wells and infrastructure to gather, process, store and/or transport our products to market. To the extent we experience a sustained period of reduced commodity prices, there is a risk that a portion of our proved reserves could be deemed uneconomic and no longer be classified as proved. Although we utilize robust processes and procedures to evaluate and estimate our reserves, they are estimates and the actual production, revenues and costs to develop our estimated reserves will vary from estimates and these variances could be material and/or negative. Reserve estimation is a subjective process that involves estimating volumes to be recovered from underground accumulations of natural gas, NGLs and oil that cannot be directly measured. As a result, different petroleum engineers, each using industry-accepted geologic and engineering practices and scientific methods, may calculate different estimates of reserves and future net cash flows based on the same available data. Because of the subjective application of engineering principles to natural gas, NGLs and oil reserve estimates, each of the following items may differ materially from the amounts or other factors estimated: the amount and timing of natural gas, NGLs and oil production; the revenues and costs associated with that production; the amount and timing of future development expenditures; and future commodity prices. The discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves included in this report are not the same as the market value of the reserves attributable to our properties. As required by United States generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"), the estimated discounted future net revenues from our proved reserves are based on a twelve month average price (first day of the month) while cost estimates are based on current year-end economic conditions. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower. In addition, the ten percent discount factor that is required to be used to calculate discounted future net cash flows for reporting purposes under U.S. GAAP is not necessarily the most appropriate discount factor based on the cost of capital, which varies from time to time, and risks associated with our business and the oil and gas industry in general. We may face various risks associated with the long-term trend toward increased activism against oil and gas exploration and development activities . Opposition toward oil and gas drilling and development activity has been growing over time. Companies in the oil and gas industry are often the target of activist efforts to delay or prevent oil and gas development from both individuals and non-governmental organizations who use safety, environmental compliance and business practices to support their opposition to oil and gas drilling. Anti-development activists are working to, among other things, reduce access to federal and state government lands, delay or cancel certain projects such as the development of oil and gas drilling or export facilities, as well as the pipeline infrastructure needed to transport and process oil and gas production. For example, environmental activists continue to advocate for increased regulations or bans on shale drilling and hydraulic fracturing in the United States, even in jurisdictions like Pennsylvania that are among the most stringent in their regulation of the industry. Such activist efforts could result in the following: delay or denial of drilling permits or leases; restrictions on or prevention of installation or operation of production, gathering or processing facilities; restrictions on or prevention of the use of certain operating practices, such as hydraulic fracturing, or the disposal of related materials, such as hydraulic fracturing fluids and produced water; additional regulatory burdens; increased severance and/or other taxes; cyberattacks; legal challenges or lawsuits; negative publicity about our business or the oil and gas industry in general; increased costs of doing business; reduction in demand for our products; and other adverse effects on our ability to develop our properties and expand production. We may incur significant costs associated with responding to these initiatives and such actions may materially adversely affect our financial results. Complying with any resulting additional legal or regulatory requirements that are substantial or prevent our activity could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 25 Conservation measures and technological advances could reduce demand for oil and natural gas . Fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, governmental requirements for renewable energy resources, increasing consumer demand for alternatives to oil and natural gas, technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation or storage devices (such as battery technology) may in the future reduce the demand for, and in turn the prices of, the natural gas, NGLs and oil that we sell. In addition, these measures may reduce the availability to us of necessary third-party services and facilities that we rely on which could increase our operational costs and adversely impact our ability to produce, transport and process natural gas, NGLs and oil. The impact of changing demand for natural gas, NGLs and oil services and products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Legal, tax and regulatory risks U.S. or state tax legislation may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Legislation is periodically proposed that could make significant changes to United States federal income tax laws and could include the elimination of certain United States federal income tax benefits currently available to oil and gas exploration and production companies including, but not limited to, (i) the repeal of percentage depletion allowances for oil and natural gas properties; (ii) the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs and; (iii) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. Additionally, legislation could be enacted that imposes new fees or increases the taxes on oil and natural gas extraction, which could result in increased operating costs and/or reduced consumer demand for our products. The passage of any such legislation or any other similar change in United States federal income tax law could increase costs or eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions that are currently available with respect to natural gas and oil exploration and development and any such changes could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In July 2025, OBBBA was signed into law which includes, among other things, a permanent reinstatement of 100% bonus depreciation on certain property, plant and equipment assets in the first year placed in service and a domestic research and experimental expenditures deduction. These provisions generally extend or replace provisions within the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act passed in 2017 that were previously set to expire at the end of 2025. While we believe the provisions of OBBBA are largely beneficial to our financial condition and cash flows, compliance with the provisions may result in additional costs and our cash flow may be negatively affected. In 2022, legislation commonly known as the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, which includes, among other things, a corporate alternative minimum tax (the "CAMT") and a one percent excise tax on corporate stock repurchases. The CAMT generally treats a corporation as an applicable corporation in any taxable year in which the average annual adjusted financial statement income for a three taxable-year period ending prior to such taxable year exceeds $1.0 billion. If we become subject to CAMT, our cash obligations for U.S. federal income taxes could be significantly accelerated. To the extent the 1% excise tax applies to repurchases of shares under our common stock repurchases program, the number of shares we repurchase and our cash flow may be affected. In 2012, Pennsylvania enacted legislation creating a tax referred to as the natural gas impact fee applicable to production in Pennsylvania, where essentially all of our acreage is located. The legislation imposes an annual fee on natural gas and oil operators for each well drilled for a period of fifteen years. Much like a severance tax, the fee is on a sliding scale set by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission and is based on two factors: changes in the Consumer Price Index and the average NYMEX natural gas prices on the last day of each month. The impact fee increases the financial burden on our operations in the Marcellus Shale. There can be no assurance that the impact fee will remain as currently structured or that additional taxes will not be imposed. From time to time, the Pennsylvania Governor and various Pennsylvania state lawmakers have proposed legislation to enact a severance tax in substitution for, or as an addition to, the impact fee already in place. The structure of and ultimate effect of any additional tax burden cannot be estimated at this time but could be material. Legal proceedings brought against us could result in substantial liabilities and materially and adversely impact our financial condition . Like many oil and gas companies, we are involved in various legal proceedings, including threatened claims, such as title, royalty, and contractual disputes. The cost to settle legal proceedings (asserted or unasserted) or satisfy any resulting judgment against us in such proceedings could result in a substantial liability or the loss of interests, which could materially and adversely impact our cash flows, operating results and financial condition. Judgments and estimates to determine accruals or range of losses related to legal proceedings could change from one period to the next, and such changes could be material. Current accruals may be insufficient to satisfy any such judgments. Legal proceedings could also result in negative publicity about Range. In addition, legal proceedings distract management and other personnel from their primary responsibilities. At this time, based on the information available to management, there are no pending claims or litigation which appear likely to result in a material financial impact. However, management s assessment of pending claims and litigation could be inaccurate and subsequent events could result in material liabilities from such claims or litigation. 26 Risks related to our common stock Common stockholders may be diluted if additional shares are issued . In order to align interests and encourage ownership, we issue restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance share units to our employees and directors as part of their compensation. In addition, we may issue additional shares of common stock, additional senior notes or other securities or debt convertible into common stock to extend maturities or fund capital expenditures, including acquisitions. The issuance of additional shares of common stock results in dilution of the interests of existing stockholders. One way to reverse the effects of dilution is by the acquisition of our stock. On December 31, 2025, our share repurchase program had $785.5 million remaining authorization. However, this program may be suspended, modified or discontinued by our board of directors at any time. Our stock price may be volatile and stockholders may not be able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price they paid . The price of our common stock fluctuates significantly, which may result in losses for investors. The market price of our common stock has been volatile. From January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2025, the price of our common stock reported by the New York Stock Exchange ranged from a low of $22.61 per share to a high of $43.50 per share. We expect our stock price to continue to be subject to volatility as a result of a variety of factors, including factors beyond our control. These factors include: most significantly, changes in natural gas, NGLs and oil prices; global economic conditions; fluctuations in the broader equity market; variations in drilling, recompletions, acquisitions and operating results; changes in governmental regulation and/or taxation; changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; changes in market valuations of comparable companies; expectations regarding our capital program, including any determination by our board of directors regarding repurchasing stock or paying dividends; changes in key personnel; or future sales of additional stock and changes in our capital structure. We may fail to meet expectations of our stockholders or of securities analysts at some time in the future and our stock price could decline as a result. Payment of dividends may be limited or prevented due to the restrictions that are defined within our bank credit facility. General RISK FACTORS Our business could be negatively affected by security threats, including cybersecurity threats and other disruptions . The United States government has issued public warnings that indicate that energy assets might be specific targets of cybersecurity threats. As a natural gas, NGLs and oil producer, we face various security threats, including: cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or computer systems unusable, which may become more sophisticated with the use of artificial intelligence; threats to the security or operations at our physical facilities and infrastructure or third-party facilities and infrastructure, such as processing plants and pipelines; or threats from terrorist acts or other geopolitical events. Digital technologies are an integral part of our business and are used to support our exploration, development and production activities and our key accounting and financial reporting functions. We use these systems to analyze and store financial and operating data and to communicate internally and with outside business counterparties. Cyberattacks could compromise our core infrastructure and digital technologies and result in disruptions to our business operations or the loss of our data and proprietary information. In addition, digital technologies control oil and gas production, processing equipment, and distribution systems globally and are necessary to deliver our production to market. A cyberattack against these operating systems, or the networks and infrastructure on which they rely, could damage critical production, distribution and/or storage assets, delay or prevent delivery to markets, cause accidental discharge and/or make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions. A cyberattack on a vendor or a service provider could result in supply chain disruptions, which could delay or halt development projects. A cyberattack on our accounting or human resources systems could expose us to liability if confidential and/or personal information is obtained. Furthermore, the shift to a hybrid systems model including on-premises and cloud environments has transformed how 27 systems interconnect, how data is stored, how users interact with applications and what end user devices are utilized. This shift has resulted in additional cybersecurity risk. Security threats have subjected our operations to increased risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business. In particular, our implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for our personnel, information, facilities and infrastructure may result in increased capital and operating costs. Moreover, there can be no assurance that such procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security breaches from occurring. If any of these security breaches were to occur, they could lead to harm to our employees or losses of sensitive information, losses of critical infrastructure or capabilities essential to our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Attackers are becoming more sophisticated and both the frequency and magnitude of cyberattacks in particular are expected to increase and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, phishing, ransomware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. These events could damage our reputation and lead to financial losses from unauthorized disbursement of funds, remedial actions, loss of business and/or potential liability. We may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent future attacks, particularly as methodologies utilized by attackers change frequently and are not recognized until launched. Additionally, the continuing and evolving threat of cybersecurity attacks has resulted in evolving legal and compliance matters, including increased regulatory focus on prevention, which could require us to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements. While we utilize extensive processes and procedures that we deem appropriate to counter cybersecurity risks and to date have not suffered any material losses relating to such attacks, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the future. Any losses, costs or liabilities directly or indirectly related to cyberattacks or similar incidents may not be covered by, or may exceed the coverage limits of, any of our insurance policies. Terrorist attacks and the threat of terrorist attacks, whether domestic or foreign attacks, as well as military or other actions taken in response to these acts, could cause instability in the global financial and energy markets. Continued hostilities in areas around the world and the occurrence or threat of terrorist attacks in the United States, other countries or international waters could adversely affect the global economy in unpredictable ways, including the disruption of energy supplies and markets, increased volatility in commodity prices or the possibility that the infrastructure on which we rely could be a direct target or an indirect casualty of an act of terrorism and, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
