. RISK FACTORS The following important factors affect our business and operations generally or affect multiple segments of our business and operations: Risks Related to our Business Operations and Industry If the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated due to a decline in general economic conditions, or there are uncertainties surrounding the approval of government or industrial funding proposals, or there are unfavorable changes in government regulations, we may see an adverse effect on the results of our business operations. Our customers include pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, laboratories, academic and research institutions, public health authorities, private healthcare organizations, doctors and government agencies. Our quarterly revenue and results of operations are highly dependent on the volume and timing of orders received during the quarter. In addition, our revenues and earnings forecasts for future quarters are often based on the expected trends in our markets. However, the markets we serve do not always experience the trends that we may expect. Negative fluctuations in our customers markets, the inability of our customers to secure credit or funding, rest rictions in capital expenditures, general economic conditions, cuts in government funding, deficit reduction efforts or other actions that reduce or freeze the availability of government funding for healthcare and research or unfavorable changes in government regulations would likely result in a reduction in demand for our products and services and additional pricing pressures, as well as create potential collection risk associated with those sales. In addition, government funding is subject to economic conditions and the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. R ecently announced and proposed changes in U.S. funding and regulations have created a more cautious spending environment for our customers and could cause them to become more conservative with both instrumentation and consumable purchases due to funding and regulatory uncertainty. Our revenues may be adversely affected if our customers delay or reduce purchases as a result of uncertainties surrounding the approval of government or industrial funding proposals or reductions in government funding. Such declines could harm our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and trading price of our common stock, and could limit our ability to sustain profitability. Our growth and profitability are subject to global economic and political conditions, and operational disruptions at our facilities. 15 Table of Contents Our business is affected by global economic and political conditions as well as the state of the financial markets, particularly as the United States and other countries balance concerns around debt, inflation, trade protectionism, growth and budget allocations in their policy initiatives. There can be no assurance that global economic conditions and financial markets will not worsen and that we will not experience any adverse effects that may be material to our consolidated cash flows, results of operations, financial position or our ability to access capital, such as the adverse effects resulting from a prolonged shutdown in government operations both in the United States and internationally. Our business is also affected by local economic environments, including inflation, recession, financial liquidity, interest rates and currency volatility or devaluation. Environmental events and political changes, including trade barriers and tariffs, such as the recent tariffs announced or imposed on U.S. trading partners and retaliatory measures threatened or imposed in response, and war or other conflicts, such as the current conflict in Ukraine, some of which may be disruptive, could interfere with our supply chain, our customers and all of our activities in a particular location. While we take precautions to prevent production or service interruptions at our global facilities, a major earthquake, fire, flood, power loss or other catastrophic event that results in the destruction or delay of any of our critical business operations could result in our incurring significant liability to customers or other third parties, cause significant reputational damage or have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. Certain of these risks can be hedged to a limited degree using financial instruments, or other measures, and some of these risks are insurable, but any such mitigation efforts are costly and may not always be fully successful. Our ability to engage in such mitigation efforts has decreased or become even more costly as a result of recent market developments. If we do not introduce new products in a timely manner, we may lose market share and be unable to achieve revenue growth targets. We sell many of our products in industries characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product and service introductions, and evolving customer needs and industry standards. Many of the businesses competing with us in these industries have significant financial and other resources to invest in new technologies, substantial intellectual property portfolios, substantial experience in new product development, regulatory expertise, manufacturing capabilities, and established distribution channels to deliver products to customers. Our products could become technologically obsolete over time, or we may invest in technology that does not lead to revenue growth or continue to sell products for which the demand from our customers is declining, in which case we may lose market share or not achieve our revenue growth targets. The success of our new product offerings will depend upon several factors, including our ability to: accurately anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new reliable technologies and applications, receive regulatory approvals in a timely manner, successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price our products competitively, and manufacture and deliver our products in sufficient volumes and on time, and differentiate our offerings from our competitors offerings. Many of our products are used by our customers to develop, test and manufacture their products. We must anticipate industry trends and consistently develop new products to meet our customers expectations. In developing new products, we may be required to make significant investments before we can determine the commercial viability of the new product. If we fail to accurately foresee our customers needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products that do not lead to significant revenue. We may also suffer a loss in market share and potential revenue if we are unable to commercialize our technology in a timely and efficient manner. In addition, some of our licensed technology is subject to contractual restrictions, which may limit our ability to develop or commercialize products for some applications. We may not be able to successfully execute acquisitions or divestitures, license technologies, integrate acquired businesses or licensed technologies into our existing businesses, maintain licensed technologies, or make acquired businesses or licensed technologies profitable. We have in the past supplemented, and may in the future supplement, our internal growth by acquiring businesses and licensing technologies that complement or augment our existing product lines. However, we may be unable to identify or complete promising acquisitions or license transactions for many reasons, such as: competition among buyers and licensees, 16 Table of Contents the high valuations of businesses and technologies, the need for regulatory and other approval, and our inability to raise capital to fund these acquisitions. Some of the businesses we acquire may be unprofitable or marginally profitable, or may increase the variability of our revenue recognition. If, for example, we are unable to successfully commercialize products and services related to significant in-process research and development that we have capitalized, we may have to impair the value of such assets. Accordingly, the earnings or losses of acquired businesses may dilute our earnings. For these acquired businesses to achieve acceptable levels of profitability, we would have to improve their management, operations, products and market penetration. We may not be successful in this regard and may encounter other difficulties in integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations, such as incompatible management, information or other systems, cultural differences, loss of key personnel, unforeseen regulatory requirements, previously undisclosed liabilities or difficulties in predicting financial results. We may lose the right to utilize licensed technologies which could limit our ability to offer products incorporating such technologies. To finance our acquisitions, we may have to raise additional funds, either through public or private financings. We may be unable to obtain such funds or may be able to do so only on terms unacceptable to us. We may also incur expenses related to completing acquisitions or licensing technologies, or in evaluating potential acquisitions or technologies, which may adversely impact our profitability. If we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed. We encounter aggressive competition from numerous competitors in many areas of our business. We may not be able to compete effectively with all of these competitors. To remain competitive, we must develop new products and periodically enhance our existing products. We anticipate that we may also have to adjust the prices of many of our products to stay competitive. In addition, new competitors, technologies or market trends may emerge to threaten or reduce the value of entire product lines. Our quarterly operating results could be subject to significant fluctuation, and we may not be able to adjust our operations to effectively address changes we do not anticipate, which could increase the volatility of our stock price and potentially cause losses to our shareholders. Given the nature of the markets in which we participate, we cannot reliably predict future revenue and profitability. Changes in competitive, market and economic conditions may require us to adjust our operations, and we may not be able to make those adjustments or make them quickly enough to adapt to changing conditions. A high proportion of our costs are fixed in the short term, due in part to our research and development and manufacturing costs. As a result, small declines in sales could disproportionately affect our operating results in a quarter. Factors that may affect our quarterly operating results include: demand for and market acceptance of our products, competitive pressures resulting in lower selling prices, changes in the level of economic activity in regions in which we do business, including as a result of global health crises or pandemics, changes in trade policy applicable to the regions in which we do business, including changes in U.S. trade policies or the imposition of higher tariffs on products being shipped into and from the U.S., changes in general economic conditions or government funding, settlements of income tax audits, expenses incurred in connection with claims related to environmental conditions at locations where we conduct or formerly conducted operations, contract terminations, adverse litigation outcomes, and litigation costs, differing tax laws and changes in those laws (including the enactment by countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Pillar Two, which would impose a minimum corporate income tax rate of at least 15%, subject to certain safe harbors), or changes in the countries in which we are subject to taxation, changes in our effective tax rate, changes in industries, such as pharmaceutical and biomedical, changes in the portions of our revenue represented by our various products and customers, 17 Table of Contents our ability to introduce new products, our competitors announcement or introduction of new products, services or technological innovations, costs of raw materials, labor, energy, supplies, transportation or other indirect costs, changes in healthcare or other reimbursement rates paid by government agencies and other third parties for certain of our products and services, our ability to realize the benefit of ongoing productivity initiatives, changes in the volume or timing of product orders, fluctuation in the expense related to the mark-to-market adjustment on postretirement benefit plans, changes in our assumptions underlying future funding of pension obligations, changes in assumptions used to determine contingent consideration in acquisitions, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. A significant disruption in third-party package delivery and import/export services, or significant increases in prices for those services, could interfere with our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability. We ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through independent package delivery and import/export companies, including UPS and Federal Express in the United States; TNT, UPS and DHL in Europe; and UPS in Asia. We also ship our products through other carriers, including commercial airlines, freight carriers, national trucking firms, overnight carrier services and the United States Postal Service. If one or more of the package delivery or import/export providers experiences a significant disruption in services or institutes a significant price increase, we may have to seek alternative providers and the delivery of our products could be prevented or delayed. Such events could cause us to incur increased shipping costs that could not be passed on to our customers, negatively impacting our profitability and our relationships with certain of our customers. Disruptions in the supply of raw materials, certain key components and other goods from our limited or single source suppliers could have an adverse effect on the results of our business operations, and could damage our relationships with customers. The production of our products requires a wide variety of raw materials, key components and other goods that are generally available from alternate sources of supply. However, certain critical raw materials, key components and other goods required for the production and sale of some of our principal products are available from limited or single sources of supply. We generally have multi-year contracts with no minimum purchase requirements with these suppliers, but those contracts may not fully protect us from a failure by certain suppliers to supply critical materials or from the delays inherent in being required to change suppliers and, in some cases, validate new raw materials. Such raw materials, key components and other goods can usually be obtained from alternative sources with the potential for an increase in price, decline in quality or delay in delivery. A prolonged inability to obtain certain raw materials, key components or other goods is possible and could have an adverse effect on our business operations, and could damage our relationships with customers. In addition, global health crises or pandemics, actual or threatened tariffs, wars, conflicts, or other changes in a country s or region s political or economic conditions, could have a significant adverse effect on our supply chain. We are subject to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission requiring disclosure as to whether certain materials known as conflict minerals (tantalum, tin, gold, tungsten and their derivatives) that may be contained in our products are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries. As a result of these rules, we may incur additional costs in complying with the disclosure requirements and in satisfying those customers who require that the components used in our products be certified as conflict-free, and the potential lack of availability of these materials at competitive prices could increase our production costs. If we do not retain our key personnel, our ability to execute our business strategy will be limited. Our success depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executive officers and key management and technical personnel, particularly our experienced engineers and scientists, and on our ability to continue to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. The competition for these employees is intense. The loss of the services of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, there could be a material adverse effect on us should the turnover rates for key personnel increase significantly or if we are unable to continue to attract qualified personnel. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies on any of our officers or employees. 18 Table of Contents Our success also depends on our ability to execute leadership succession plans. The inability to successfully transition key management roles could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. If we experience a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or those of our customers, suppliers or other third parties, or cybercrime, resulting in inappropriate access to or inadvertent transfer of information or assets or result in a ransom demand from a third party, or if we fail to implement new systems, software and technologies successfully, our business could be adversely affected. We rely on several centralized information technology systems throughout our company to develop, manufacture and provide products and services, keep financial records, process orders, manage inventory, process shipments to customers and operate other critical functions. Our and our third-party service providers' information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. The risk of a security breach or disruption through cyber-attacks has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks from around the world have increased. For example, many companies have experienced an increase in phishing and social engineering attacks from third parties. If we were to experience a prolonged system disruption in the information technology systems that involve our interactions with customers, suppliers or other third parties, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, security breaches of our information technology systems or cybercrime, resulting in inappropriate access to or inadvertent transfer of information or assets, could result in losses or misappropriation of assets, ransom demands by third parties, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, which could result in our suffering significant financial or reputational damage. Uncertainties related to the development, deployment and use of AI to advance our product offerings and improve internal operations may result in harm to our business and reputation. We are advancing AI across our product and service offerings, and we are in the initial phases of expanding AI into the core functions of our business. The development and deployment of AI presents both risks and opportunities, and the implementation process could adversely impact the operations of our business as a whole. AI algorithms utilized in the deployment may be flawed or based on datasets that are biased or insufficient, and do not adequately take into account the underlying nature of our business. Failure to adequately train our employees during the deployment of AI could adversely impact our business or result in delays or errors in our offerings. Our competitiveness could also be negatively impacted by our failure to timely develop or deploy AI in our products and services, particularly if our competitors are successful in AI advancements in their products and services. The development of AI technology will require significant investment in resources and human capital and could increase our costs. There is uncertainty related to the legal and regulatory landscape surrounding rapidly evolving AI technologies, particularly in the areas of cybersecurity, intellectual property, and privacy and data protection. Failure to comply or appropriately respond to this developing landscape may result in increased legal liability, adverse regulatory action, or reputational damage. Our results of operations will be adversely affected if we fail to realize the full value of our intangible assets. As of December 28, 2025, our total assets included $9.0 billion of net intangible assets. Net intangible assets consist principally of goodwill associated with acquisitions and costs associated with securing patent rights, trademark rights, customer relationships, core technology and technology licenses, net of accumulated amortization. We test goodwill at least annually for potential impairment by comparing the carrying value to the fair value of the reporting unit to which it is assigned. All of our amortizing intangible assets are also evaluated for impairment should events occur that call into question the value of the intangible assets. Adverse changes in our business, adverse changes in the key valuation assumptions used to determine the fair value of our reporting units, or the failure to grow our Life Sciences and Diagnostics segments, could result in an impairment of our intangible assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Risks Related to our Intellectual Property We may not be successful in adequately protecting our intellectual property. Patent and trade secret protection is important to us because developing new products, processes and technologies gives us a competitive advantage, although it is time-consuming and expensive. We own many United States and foreign patents and intend to apply for additional patents. Patent applications we file, however, may not result in issued patents or, if they do, the claims allowed in the patents may be narrower than what is needed to protect fully our products, processes and technologies. The expiration of our previously issued patents may cause us to lose a competitive advantage in certain of the products and 19 Table of Contents services we provide. Similarly, applications to register our trademarks may not be granted in all countries in which they are filed. For our intellectual property that is protected by keeping it secret, such as trade secrets and know-how, we may not use adequate measures to protect this intellectual property. Third parties have in the past and may in the future also challenge the validity of our issued patents, may circumvent or design around our patents and patent applications, or claim that our products, processes or technologies infringe their patents. In addition, third parties may assert that our product names infringe their trademarks. We may incur significant expense in legal proceedings to protect our intellectual property against infringement by third parties or to defend against claims of infringement by third parties. Claims by third parties in pending or future lawsuits could result in awards of substantial damages against us or court orders that could effectively prevent us from manufacturing, using, importing or selling our products in the United States or other countries. If we are unable to renew our licenses or otherwise lose our licensed rights, we may have to stop selling products or we may lose competitive advantage. We may not be able to renew or otherwise lose our right to utilize our existing licenses, or licenses we may obtain in the future, on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we lose the rights to a patented or other proprietary technology, we may need to stop selling products incorporating that technology and possibly other products, redesign our products or lose a competitive advantage. Potential competitors could in-license technologies that we fail to license and potentially erode our market share. Our licenses typically subject us to various economic and commercialization obligations. If we fail to comply with these obligations, we could lose important rights under a license, such as the right to exclusivity in a market, or incur losses for failing to comply with our contractual obligations. In some cases, we could lose all rights under the license. In addition, rights granted under the license could be lost for reasons out of our control. For example, the licensor could lose patent protection for a number of reasons, including invalidity of the licensed patent, or a third-party could obtain a patent that curtails our freedom to operate under one or more licenses. Risks Related to Legal, Government and Regulatory Matters The manufacture and sale of products and services may expose us to product and other liability claims for which we could have substantial liability. We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product and other liability claims if our products, services or product candidates are alleged or found to have caused injury, damage or loss. We may be unable to obtain insurance with adequate levels of coverage for potential liability on acceptable terms or claims of this nature may be excluded from coverage under the terms of any insurance policy that we obtain. If we are unable to obtain such insurance or the amounts of any claims successfully brought against us substantially exceed our coverage, then our business could be adversely impacted. If we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with the regulations of the United States Food and Drug Administration and other governmental agencies in the United States and abroad, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could be subject to civil, criminal or monetary penalties. Our operations are subject to regulation by different state and federal government agencies in the United States and other countries, as well as to the standards established by international standards bodies. If we fail to comply with those regulations or standards, we could be subject to fines, penalties, criminal prosecution or other sanctions. Some of our products are subject to regulation by the United States Food and Drug Administration and similar foreign and domestic agencies. These regulations govern a wide variety of product activities, from design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. If we fail to comply with those regulations or standards, we may have to recall products, cease their manufacture and distribution, and may be subject to fines or criminal prosecution. We are also subject to a variety of laws, regulations and standards that govern, among other things, the importation and exportation of products, the handling, transportation and manufacture of toxic or hazardous substances, the collection, storage, transfer, use, disclosure, retention and other processing of personal data, and our business practices in the United States and abroad such as anti-bribery, anti-corruption and competition laws. This requires that we devote substantial resources to maintaining our compliance with those laws, regulations and standards. A failure to do so could result in the imposition of civil, criminal or monetary penalties having a material adverse effect on our operations. We are subject to stringent data privacy and information security laws and regulations and changes in such laws or regulations, or our failure to comply with such requirements, could subject us to significant fines and penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 20 Table of Contents We are subject to data privacy and information security laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage and use of personally identifying information, which among other things, impose certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of personal information, including comprehensive regulatory systems in the United States, European Union and the United Kingdom. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve in jurisdictions worldwide, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business. Failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in enforcement actions against us, including fines, claims for damages by affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. We compete in markets in which we or our customers must comply with federal, state, local and foreign regulations, such as environmental, health and safety, data privacy and food and drug regulations. We develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by these regulations. Any significant change in these regulations could reduce demand for our products or increase our costs of producing these products. The healthcare industry is highly regulated and if we fail to comply with its extensive system of laws and regulations, we could suffer fines and penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations which could have a significant adverse effect on the results of our business operations. The healthcare industry, including the genetic screening market, is subject to extensive and frequently changing international and United States federal, state and local laws and regulations. In addition, legislative provisions relating to healthcare fraud and abuse, patient privacy violations and misconduct involving government insurance programs provide federal enforcement personnel with substantial powers and remedies to pursue suspected violations. Increasing uncertainty in the United States regarding regulation in the healthcare space could subject our business to new or modified regulations. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could suffer civil and criminal damages, fines and penalties, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs, and the loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations necessary to operate our business, as well as incur liabilities from third-party claims, all of which could have a significant adverse effect on our business. Risks Related to our Foreign Operations Economic, political and other risks associated with foreign operations could adversely affect our international sales and profitability. Because we sell our products worldwide, our businesses are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. Our sales originating outside the United States represented the majority of our total revenue in fiscal year 2025. We anticipate that sales from international operations will continue to represent a substantial portion of our total revenue. In addition, many of our manufacturing facilities, employees and suppliers are located outside the United States. Accordingly, our future results of operations could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: changes in actual, or from projected, foreign currency exchange rates, global health crises of unknown duration, wars, conflicts, or other changes in a country s or region s political or economic conditions, particularly in developing or emerging markets, longer payment cycles of foreign customers and timing of collections in foreign jurisdictions, trade protection measures including embargoes, sanctions and tariffs, as well as the sanctions and other restrictions implemented by the United States and other governments on the Russian Federation and related parties in connection with the conflict in Ukraine, import or export licensing requirements and the associated potential for delays or restrictions in the shipment of our products or the receipt of products from our suppliers, policies in foreign countries benefiting domestic manufacturers or other policies detrimental to companies headquartered in the United States, differing tax laws and changes in those laws, or changes in the countries in which we are subject to tax, adverse income tax audit settlements or loss of previously negotiated tax incentives, differing business practices associated with foreign operations, 21 Table of Contents difficulty in transferring cash between international operations and the United States, difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations, differing labor laws and changes in those laws, differing protection of intellectual property and changes in that protection, expanded enforcement of laws related to data protection and personal privacy, increasing global enforcement of anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, and differing regulatory requirements and changes in those requirements. We cannot predict the scope, timing, or impact of threatened U.S. tariffs on imports, the extent to which other countries may impose retaliatory trade restrictions, or the terms of future trade policy changes. Tariffs implemented during fiscal year 2025 increased our cost of revenue by approximately $25 million and reduced our gross margin by approximately $20 million, primarily affecting products manufactured in Europe for the U.S. market. While we have implemented mitigation strategies including manufacturing optimization, supplier collaboration, pricing adjustments, and temporary cost measures, these actions may not fully offset the impact of existing or future tariffs. Additional tariffs or trade restrictions may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and competitive position. Risks Related to our Debt We have a substantial amount of outstanding debt, which could impact our ability to obtain future financing and limit our ability to make other expenditures in the conduct of our business. We have a substantial amount of debt and other financial obligations. Our debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including: requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which reduces the funds we have available for other purposes, such as acquisitions and stock repurchases; reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions; exposing us to interest rate risk as a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates; increasing our foreign currency risk as a portion of our debt obligations are in denominations other than the U.S. dollar; and increasing the chances of a downgrade of our debt ratings due to the amount or intended purpose of our debt obligations. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future to meet future financing needs. If we add new debt, the risks described above could increase. In addition, the market for both public and private debt offerings has experienced liquidity concerns and increased volatility, which could ultimately increase our borrowing costs and limit our ability to obtain future financing. Restrictions in our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and other debt instruments may limit our activities. Our senior unsecured revolving credit facility, senior unsecured notes due in 2026 ( 2026 Notes ), senior unsecured notes due in 2028 ( 2028 Notes ), senior unsecured notes due in 2029 ( 2029 Notes ), senior unsecured notes due in March 2031 ( March 2031 Notes ), senior unsecured notes due in September 2031 ( September 2031 Notes ) and senior unsecured notes due in 2051 ( 2051 Notes ) include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that could otherwise benefit our company. These include restrictions on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock, sell assets, incur obligations that restrict our subsidiaries ability to make dividend or other payments to us, guarantee or secure indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates, and consolidate, merge or transfer all, or substantially all, of our assets and the assets of our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 22 Table of Contents We are also required to meet specified financial ratios under the terms of certain of our existing debt instruments. Our ability to comply with these financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, changes in technology and changes in the level of competition. In addition, if we are unable to maintain our investment grade credit rating, our borrowing costs would increase and we would be subject to different and potentially more restrictive financial covenants under some of our existing debt instruments. Any future indebtedness that we incur may include similar or more restrictive covenants. Our failure to comply with any of the restrictions in our new senior unsecured revolving credit facility that we entered into in January 2025, the 2026 Notes, the 2028 Notes, the 2029 Notes, the March 2031 Notes, the September 2031 Notes and the 2051 Notes, or any future indebtedness may result in an event of default under those debt instruments, which could permit acceleration of the debt under those debt instruments, and require us to prepay that debt before its scheduled due date under certain circumstances. Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock Our share price will fluctuate. Over the last several years, stock markets in general and our common stock in particular have experienced significant price and volume volatility. Both the market price and the daily trading volume of our common stock may continue to be subject to significant fluctuations due not only to general stock market conditions but also to a change in sentiment in the market regarding our operations and business prospects. In addition to the RISK FACTORS discussed above, the price and volume volatility of our common stock may be affected by: operating results that vary from our financial guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, the financial performance of the major end markets that we target, the operating and securities price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us, announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors, changes in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, inflation, freight costs, commodity and equity prices and the value of financial assets, and changes to economic conditions arising from global health crises and pandemics, climate change, trade policy or from wars or conflicts. Dividends on our common stock could be reduced or eliminated in the future. On October 23, 2025, we announced that our Board of Directors (our Board ) had declared a quarterly dividend of $0.07 per share for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025 that was pai d in February 2026. On January 26, 2026, we announced that our Board had declared a quarterly dividend of $0.07 per share for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 that will be payable in May 2026. In the future, our Board may determine to reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in order to fund investments for growth, repurchase shares or conserve capital resources. 
