 (ERM) system (see section 4.1.1), the results of second level controls and the annual internal and external audits contribute to the continuous improvement of these systems. The demands of the anticorruption program are aligned with the most rigorous international standards: US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act, OECD Convention, the French Sapin II law, the tenth principle of the United Nations Global Compact, and ISO 37001. 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SAFRAN 327 5 NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry ◼ Anticorruption pillar detection program no. 4 – Risk prevention and Anticorruption is also an integral part of procurement practice: The program comprises a procedure setting out the roles and responsibilities of the various players, the methodology for mapping corruption risks, and the program components: prevention, detection, control and disciplinary measures: ● an ethics clause is included purchasing and sales conditions; ● a code of conduct for the prevention and detection of acts of corruption defines and illustrates the various types of behavior that are prohibited because they could be construed as corruption, based on the risks identified in the risk mapping. It is integrated into all the entities’ internal rules and welcome packs, and is applicable to all employees; ● Safran’s responsible purchasing guidelines(2) incorporate the terms of the IFBEC Supplier Model Code of Conduct for the aerospace and defense industry (see section 5.5.4.2). in Safran’s general ● intellectual services to be subcontracted are systematically subject to the written opinion of the Trade Compliance Officer (TCO) of the company concerned; ◼ Anticorruption pillar no. 5 – Information and training program ● a guide to assessing the integrity of third parties sets out the rules to be applied in assessing the various categories of third parties according to criteria common to all Group companies and adapted to the risk level of each third party. All business partners of Group companies are systematically subject to internal and external due diligence and validation by the Ethics and Compliance Department. The procedure includes approving, managing and monitoring lobbyists, who must comply with Safran’s responsible lobbying guidelines(1). In 2023, the assessment process for highrisk third parties was digitalized; Regular and appropriate information is distributed to all members of the Group Executive Committee, the executive management teams of the Group companies and all employees directly or indirectly involved in preventing corruption risk. A variety of tools are used to promote a culture of corruption prevention within the Group, including a fortnightly anticorruption “observatory”, a weekly business ethics newsletter, and specific country regulation reviews. ● a guide and reference framework for anticorruption accounting controls set out the methodology for identifying, implementing, reinforcing and formalizing anticorruption accounting controls (first and second level), to ensure that the level of control is appropriate in light of the issues and risks identified; Training dedicated to the prevention of corruption risk is mandatory for all senior executives, all people in the Group exposed directly or indirectly to the risk of corruption, as well as for new hires among managerial-grade staff or those belonging to the target populations. Senior executives and exposed people must complete the training each year. E-learning is offered. It features a core model, 14 specific business modules and a relevant knowledge test. In 2023, buyers and sellers received face-to-face training. The management committees of Safran subsidiaries are also briefed each year. These courses are designed to give every employee concerned adequate knowledge of regulations applicable to his or her activities and a full understanding of Group procedures and how to apply them in performing his or her duties. ● the procedures for gifts and hospitality and other sponsorship expenses given to or received from customers, suppliers and other stakeholders, as well as the corporate patronage charter, are designed to avoid any violation of current legislation or any potential conflict of interest. A digitized register of gifts, hospitality and sponsorship expenses is made available to all employees, allowing them to self-declare any benefit offered or received, regardless of its value. International Anticorruption Day is an opportunity to mobilize all members of the Ethics and Compliance network on the fight against corruption. The compliance training policy was reviewed in 2022, with a new organization and the pool of people to be trained expanded by more than 35%. In 2023, 85% of senior executives and employees exposed or affected received anticorruption training, including 100% of senior executives(3). ENGAGE FOR THE FUTURE ◼ 2025 objective #9: 100% of senior executives and exposed or affected employees(4) trained in anticorruption. ◼ Anticorruption pillar no. 6 – Control and monitoring of procedures ◼ Anticorruption pillar no. 7 – Internal alert system (see section 5.5.1.2) Safran has a control framework for its corruption risk prevention and detection program. As part of its due diligence, the Audit and Internal Control Department conducts annual management audits of entities; they systematically include work on ethics verification and trade compliance. (1) Available on www.safran-group.com. (2) Available on www.safran-group.com. (3) The compliance training policy was reviewed in 2022, with a new organization and the pool of people to be trained expanded by more than 35% (from more than 4,000 to more than 6,300 people). In 2023, 85% of senior executives and employees exposed or affected received anticorruption training, including 100% of senior executives. The scope covered nearly 5,500 exposed or affected employees. In 2023, following the introduction of MOOCs in 2022, employees were required to take a quiz to check their knowledge. In addition, new hires concerned by or exposed to the risk of corruption are systematically required to complete digital training. (4) Exposed or affected employees in the Purchasing, Human Resources and Labor Relations, Legal, Finance, Audit and Internal Control, Ethics and Compliance, Commercial, Programs, Risk and Insurance and Communications departments. 328 SAFRAN 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry 5 5.5.1.4 Complying with export control laws, and sanctions and embargoes As stated in its core purpose, Safran “designs, builds and supports high-tech solutions to contribute to a safer world”. Safran buys and sells “dual-use” components, equipment and technologies (i.e., those that can be used for both civil and military purposes) in more than 30 countries to protect the interests of France, its allies and the European Union. Safran accordingly complies with all applicable export control regulations for military equipment, dual-use products and civilian equipment, and related technologies and services. Safran is particularly committed to combating the proliferation of conventional weapons, weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery, with the purpose of preserving domestic and international security. Safran has set up a global organization and is constantly strengthening its internal measures and procedures. The Group Export Control and Customs Department reports to the Group General Secretary, Chair of the Ethics, Compliance and Anti-Fraud Committee, who is a member of the Group Executive Committee. The system is implemented by a worldwide network of more than 400 experts and correspondents. A Group Export Control Committee also meets at least twice a year. It includes the Head of the Group Export Control Department and the Export Control managers of the main Group companies and departments. It allows for an exchange of information on the progress made, difficulties encountered and risks identified, the implementation of joint improvement actions and the sharing of information on the latest regulatory developments. Compliance with regulatory requirements The Group takes into account changes in the global geopolitical environment, which may result in export restrictions to countries, legal entities or individuals. Safran analyzes said changes to determine their impact on its companies’ operations and ensure compliance with all requirements. It adheres scrupulously to all restrictive measures, particularly those imposed by Europe and the United States, applicable to its operations and financial transactions. Safran requires the same compliance from its suppliers through its responsible purchasing guidelines (see section 5.5.4.2). Regarding international trade, Safran also ensures compliance with applicable customs laws, and takes the most appropriate measures to guarantee the smooth running of its international operations. As regards the Russo-Ukrainian conflict, Safran is complying with the international sanctions imposed on Russia, particularly those of the European Union and the United States of America. The sanctions notably apply to aerospace activities and products. In application of these sanctions, Safran has stopped all activities in Russia (see section 4.3.2.1). Safran is particularly attentive to the risk of sanctions evasion by entities in third countries, and has adopted the necessary verification measures. ◼ Safran complies with all laws and international agreements signed in each of the countries where it operates, including but not limited to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Convention on Cluster Munitions, the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention, the Wassenaar Arrangement, the EU Common Position on Arms Exports and the Arms Trade Treaty; ◼ Safran is committed to applying for any governmental authorization that may be required to transfer and export defense-related products, and to comply with all conditions and caveats associated with such licenses. Safran is not involved in any business related to the production of anti-personnel mines, cluster munitions, chemical and biological weapons, blinding lasers, autonomous lethal weapons systems, depleted uranium munitions or white phosphorus weapons. Internal compliance program To take into account the risks associated with export control activities (see section 4.3.2.1), Safran has established a system aimed at ensuring strict compliance with all export control regulations and laws in all Group companies worldwide. The system has been specifically adapted for Safran subsidiaries in the United States to comply with US regulatory requirements, such as the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and all restrictive measures imposed by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). The export control arm of Safran’s internal compliance program is based on: ◼ the identification of product export restrictions, including transactions with countries and companies subject to sanctions or embargoes. Safran provides all of its employees with a tool to assess the compliance of operations and financial transactions involving countries, legal entities and individuals subject to sanctions or embargoes, and to obtain a better understanding of regulations. Prospective transactions are systematically subject to an analysis of export controls and the compliance of financial flows by the relevant Group company, and are then approved or rejected by the Group Export Control Department and the Group Finance Department. Internal procedures were strengthened with the implementation of compliance commitments, awareness-raising on sanction circumvention risks, and a dedicated system for automatic verification of partners’ shareholdings; ◼ management of export authorization and license applications; ◼ compliance with the terms and conditions of the licenses granted; ◼ identification and protection of controlled technologies; ◼ training, exchanges of good practices and awareness- raising for the employees concerned: training and awareness-raising by the companies, the Group departments concerned and by Safran University (via a dedicated MOOC), distribution of information notes, dedicated space on the intranet site with a directory of export control network correspondents; ◼ three-yearly reviews of the maturity of the control program of the companies and Group departments concerned by an external service provider, internal control points by the Audit and Internal Control Department, and one-off audits; ◼ a comprehensive twice-yearly risk review; ◼ treatment of non-compliance with applicable regulations: Safran ensures that its companies detect, assess and report any cases of non-compliance. The companies inform the relevant authorities of each identified case and take every precaution to prevent similar cases from recurring in the future; ◼ application of the compliance standard by each company: Safran SA and all tier-one entities are responsible for ensuring the implementation and effectiveness of the control program in their own subsidiaries. 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SAFRAN 329 5 NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry 2023 KEY EXPORT CONTROL FIGURES: ◼ 0 penalties on disclosures closed by authorities in 2023. ◼ 6,299 senior executives and exposed or affected employees(1) trained in export control. To improve understanding of national and international regulations, and proper application of them, Safran participates in a variety of working groups with public authorities and trade associations, such as the French Aerospace Industries Association (GIFAS), the Aerospace, Security and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD), the French employers’ federation (Medef) and Business Europe. Safran chairs the GIFAS working group on French export control regulations and co-chairs the working group on foreign regulations. Lastly, Safran co-chairs the working group on international regulations with the French Directorate General of Weapons Procurement (DGA). 5.5.1.5 Tax compliance In accordance with its Ethics Guidelines, Safran is committed to adopting the highest standards of tax compliance, namely the fight against fraud and tax evasion. In its tax policy, which is available on its website, Safran undertakes to: ◼ fully adhere to tax compliance and anti-tax evasion legislation in force in all countries where the Group operates; ◼ cooperate openly with the various tax authorities and disclose all the information they need to perform their reviews. The tax function, headed by the Group Chief Tax Officer, works directly under the Chief Financial Officer, who is a member of the Group Executive Committee. A dedicated tax team deals with the Group’s operations. Tax processes are reviewed annually through the global risk management process (see section 4.1). The Group works proactively with tax authorities. Safran complies with the international tax principles set by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD): “Transfer Pricing Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and Tax Administrations”. Safran thus ensures that its intra-group transactions comply with the arm’s length principle, declares its reporting on a country-by-country basis in accordance with Action 13 of the Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, and discloses the breakdown of its taxes and duties by major geographic area on its website. 5.5.1.6 Protecting personal data and privacy The Group ensures that its business is conducted with respect for privacy and the protection of the personal data of its employees and contacts (customers, prospects, suppliers, partners, applicants, etc.). The compliance of Safran’s personal data protection system is built on three pillars: ◼ a Group policy, which provides a framework for the governance and organization of personal data protection. Safran’s personal data protection organization comprises a Group Data Protection Officer (DPO), DPOs in the tier-one entities, country correspondents and local correspondents for the Group’s major sites. This network circulates procedures (rights of individuals, management and notification of personal data breaches, register of processing activities transferred outside the European Union), raises awareness among internal players and coordinates the compliance of activities and processes involving the processing of personal data. In the event of change in the Group’s personal data protection policy, the new version will be made available to the people concerned, on the Group website; ◼ an internal standard comprising procedures aimed at implementing European and international regulations (and any developments therein) on personal data protection, including the binding corporate rules (BCR) that govern the transfer of personal data between the Group’s international subsidiaries; ◼ harmonized tools to ensure accountability(2) and the principles of privacy by design and by default. The Group is thus continuing to develop its compliance system through: ◼ awareness-raising for Group employees through e-learning and ad hoc sessions (IT, HR, etc.), and signature of an annual representation letter by the CEOs of the tier-one entities; ◼ reinforcement of the application of the principles of privacy by design and by default through the performance of compliance reviews and annual compliance audits by the DPO; ◼ transparency with regard to data subjects, mainly through access to Safran’s personal data protection policy and BCR controllers on the Group’s website. In addition, through its responsible purchasing guidelines (see section 5.5.4.2) and the personal data protection clauses in its contracts, Safran also requires the same compliance from all suppliers with which personal data is shared. (1) The employees exposed or affected are mainly from the Purchasing, Sales, Aftermarket, Programs, Technical and Industrial departments. (2) Accountability is the obligation for companies to implement internal mechanisms and procedures to demonstrate compliance with data protection rules. 330 SAFRAN 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry 5.5.2 5 Strengthen responsible practices throughout the supply chain, and support our suppliers 5.5.2.1 The Group responsible purchasing policy The Purchasing Department is the main intermediary through which Safran extends its CSR commitments through to its approximately 14,000 significant suppliers(1). It comprises three entities: the Group Purchasing Performance Department, the Non-Production Purchasing Department, and the purchasing departments of tier-one entities in charge of bill of materials (BOM) procurement. There are approximately 1,600 purchasing employees across the Group’s various geographic locations. In 2023, total purchases amounted to more than €14.1 billion(2), or nearly 63% of Group revenue. Nearly 48% of the purchase volume(3) was sourced from suppliers based in France, reflecting its industrial footprint, and close to 82% of the volume made in France was from French micro-businesses, SMEs and intermediate-sized enterprises. In 2023, responsible purchasing governance was strengthened with the appointment of a CSR Purchasing Director and Deputy Director. Safran’s responsible purchasing policy is geared towards the Group’s objectives of operational excellence and competitiveness, and strengthens responsible practices and innovation capacity throughout the production chain. It is consistent with the Group’s industrial policy and complies with the Group’s Ethical Guidelines and CSR strategy. Through its responsible purchasing guidelines and its support for suppliers, particularly on issues such as decarbonization, it contributes to relaying the Group’s CSR commitments. The aim of the responsible purchasing policy is to award business to suppliers that meet Safran’s demanding ethical, social and environmental requirements, along with the challenges on health and safety, competitiveness, and the rules applicable to aerospace and defense markets. Safran favors long-lasting, balanced and mutually beneficial relationships. The responsible purchasing policy involves constant collaboration with and between Group companies: all Group buyers apply the purchasing process set out in One Safran; there are internal progress plans and a training program; and the Procure to Pay (P2P) system ensures that suppliers and subcontractors are paid on time. Responsible purchasing is part of our duty of care (see section 5.5.4.2). 2023 KEY FIGURES: ◼ 72% of purchases made from suppliers that have signed the Safran responsible purchasing guidelines(4). [AR] ENGAGE FOR THE FUTURE ◼ 2025 CSR objective #11: 80% of purchases made from suppliers that have signed Safran’s responsible purchasing guidelines(5)(6). 5.5.2.2 Actions to integrate the CSR strategy into purchasing and address the climate challenge The scoring matrix used in the tendering process includes the following CSR criteria: maturity of the decarbonization approach, product carbon footprint, commitment to responsible purchasing (signing of the charter or CSR program), and the percentage of employees with disabilities on the payroll. The matrix is formalized in a Group process. To address the challenge of climate change, since 2022, Safran has decided to extend its decarbonization approach to its 400 main suppliers, those that contribute the most to its carbon footprint, in order to encourage them to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. Each of these suppliers must complete a maturity questionnaire and submit a decarbonization action plan. As part of this approach, the Group organized a second Safran Supplier Day and a first edition of the Decarbonization Challenge during the Paris Air Show in June 2023. Three suppliers were rewarded for their decarbonization innovations. Online training is available for suppliers, including a tool for calculating GHG emissions and another for setting emission reduction targets. To support this approach internally, online low-carbon training is provided to buyers to give them the experience and tools to support suppliers. In 2023, Safran continued to assess the maturity of its 400 biggest suppliers by surveying them on their decarbonization strategy. 98% of suppliers responded to the survey, enabling Safran to classify them based on three levels of maturity: ◼ 90% of suppliers have undertaken a decarbonization process; ◼ 40% have set Scope 1 and 2 reduction targets; ◼ 22% have implemented action plans including certain Scope 3 categories. This approach will continue in 2024. [AR]: indicator audited voluntarily to the higher level known as "reasonable assurance". (1) Safran works with 25,179 suppliers, of which 13,896 generate annual purchase volumes exceeding €10,000. (2) The purchasing indicators are based on purchases managed by Safran, i.e., €11.3 billion, and not on all of the Group’s purchases, which also include purchases related to administration and partners. (3) This purchase volume corresponds to the volume managed by the purchasing organization; it excludes purchases related to partners and public authorities. (4) Or have equivalent responsible purchasing guidelines of their own (see section 5.7.4). (5) Methodology for calculating the indicator mentioned in section 5.7.4. (6) New name for the Responsible Supplier Relations Charter in 2021. 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SAFRAN 331 5 NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry Safran is also committed to strengthening partnerships with disabled-staff companies and organizations and services providing assistance through work. The ambition to further develop collaboration with the social economy is supported by the Group Disability Agreement (see section 5.4.3.4). In 2023, Safran spent more than €3.7 million with disabled-staff companies and organizations and services providing assistance through work(1). In addition to the above actions on integrating the CSR strategy into purchasing, buyers can also be trained on responsible purchasing. 61% of Safran buyers completed the training in 2023. 5.5.2.3 Quality supplier relationships Safran has been a signatory to the Sustainable Procurement and Supplier Relations Charter of the French Ministry of the Economy, Finance and Industry since 2010(2), obtaining the corresponding label in 2017. In 2020, its Sustainable Procurement and Supplier Relations Label was renewed for a further threeyear period. Its renewal is scheduled for 2024. The label is awarded by the French Business Mediation Service and the National Procurement Council and recognizes companies demonstrating sustainable and balanced relationships with their suppliers. It is aligned with the ISO 20400:2017 Sustainable Procurement guidelines. As an alternative method of preventing and resolving disputes smoothly and advantageously to both suppliers and Safran, the Group appointed an internal mediator to handle interaction with Safran suppliers and companies. ◼ Safran’s responsible purchasing maturity level, with respect to ISO 20400:2017 Sustainable Procurement, has been assessed as “mature” (level 3 out of 4, the fourth level being the “leading” level). 5.5.2.4 Support for suppliers and the aviation, defense and space industry The aerospace industry is facing a twofold challenge: an unprecedented increase in production rates against the backdrop of a global recovery in air travel, and the need to decarbonize this sector, an objective that requires a significant mobilization of all stakeholders. Industry-specific relief fund Safran participates in several aerospace relief funds. Since 2020, Safran has invested €58 million in the Ace Aéro Partenaires fund set up under the French aerospace industry support plan. The Group also continued Aerofund I, Aerofund II and Aerofund III investment initiatives underway since 2004. In this way, the Group contributes to the financing of SMEs and ETIs, helping them to undertake major transformations, including decarbonization. Strengthening its suppliers’ financial structures is a means for the Group to secure its supply chain while promoting the emergence of more robust and competitive intermediate-sized companies that can expand in the global marketplace when the crisis ends. Suppliers crisis support unit To deal with the economic crisis and its repercussions on the aerospace industry, (namely rising raw materials, energy and labor costs), as well as capacity constraints in the supply chain, Safran has set up a support unit to help its strategic suppliers. Its purpose is to: ◼ identify the suppliers most at risk, with a potential impact on the Group’s businesses; ◼ establish a dialogue with those suppliers in order to understand the impact of the crises on them and their ability to sustain their business; ◼ examine alongside the suppliers possible local government aid; ◼ direct them towards longer-term and structural solutions such as backing from other industry players and investment funds in cases where standard measures are insufficient. This approach is carried out in coordination with the public bodies that can offer aid, as well as with other contractors (Airbus, Dassault Aviation, Thales) within the framework of GIFAS when the supplier is shared, and can result in proposals for consolidation with the “Ace Aéro Partenaires” fund. Closer links with suppliers in the sector Since 2020, Safran has been a signatory to the charter of commitments on customer-supplier relationships within the French aerospace industry through the French Aerospace Industries Association (GIFAS). The Group is accordingly reinforcing its responsible purchasing approach in the French supply chain and reaffirming its use of mediation. Safran is involved in a number of bodies and initiatives aimed at supporting the aerospace industry, which includes many SMEs, intermediate-sized businesses and startups. The Group is committed to supporting the development of its suppliers by helping them make progress on key challenges such as innovation, digitalization and cybersecurity. Since 2010, Safran has been a member of the Pacte PME association and sits on its Board, in a commitment to strengthening ties between SMEs and large accounts, to supporting the development of French SMEs, and particularly to helping innovative companies get off the ground and grow. Through Pacte PME, Safran contributes to the Destination ETI program designed to help SMEs modernize. At the end of 2023, a new Pacte PME survey, entitled Baromètre Pacte PME 2023, was launched, focusing in particular on the various dimensions of the relationship between Safran and French SMEs. Its results will be released in 2024. (1) Amount in the process of being validated at the time of publication of this document. (2) New name for the Responsible Supplier Relations Charter in 2021. 332 SAFRAN 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry Safran is also a signatory to a bilateral agreement with the Ministry of the Armed Forces as part of the SME Action Plan. This plan aims to improve SMEs’ access to defense procurement contracts, establish a balanced partnership with its suppliers and subcontractors, support SMEs in their international expansion, thereby consolidating the Defense Industrial and Technological Base (DITB) and preserving France's sovereignty. In 2023, an evaluation conducted by the French Ministry of the Armed Forces and the French Directorate General of Weapons Procurement (DGA) with the various aerospace and defense manufacturers praised Safran’s action during 2021 and 2022. It highlighted the remarkable level of monitoring and support for the most critical companies in the field of cybersecurity. Safran’s active communication with SMEs was also highlighted in terms of innovation, its open approach to integrating startups and the use of some of the shortest payment terms in its contracts. However, Safran has taken into account the areas for improvement identified. Safran sat on the steering committee for the GIFAS “Industrial Performances 1 and 2” and “Industry of the Future” programs, which aimed to improve performance and competitiveness in the aerospace industry. More than twothirds of participants were Safran suppliers. They have made it possible to usher in new 4.0 technologies and successfully support the sector’s transformation. An investment of €23.5 million financed in equal parts by the French government, regional authorities, GIFAS and suppliers, has benefited 246 French suppliers (SMEs and intermediate-sized enterprises). Most of these suppliers have been able to invest in state-ofthe-art industrial equipment. In 2023, Safran made a significant contribution to defining and rolling out an international framework for operational excellence aimed at the entire aerospace and defense industry. The Aero Excellence framework brings together the best practices and standards in industrial performance to help players in the sector face future challenges and boost their competitiveness. 5 It covers three themes – operational excellence, environment, and cyber security – across all operational activities from industrialization to repair activities. It allows companies to self-diagnose their level of maturity (bronze, silver or gold) in relation to industry best practices and then commit to a continuous improvement process. Aero Excellence is organized by GIFAS. Lastly, the Group is a founding member of Space, a body dedicated to improving the performance of French SMEs in the aerospace industry. Safran plays an active role each year by sharing its proven methodologies and assisting in the implementation of new systems for SMEs. Fostering innovation Innovation throughout the supply chain is a source of added value for Safran and contributes to customer satisfaction. Safran is also developing a collaborative innovation approach with its suppliers. Regular reviews are organized with strategic suppliers to discuss innovation and share technology roadmaps. Safran also contributes to the development of startups through its investment fund, Safran Corporate Ventures. Its mission is to develop and accelerate innovation cooperation between the Group’s companies and startups. Safran Corporate Ventures accordingly puts a particular focus on the challenges of decarbonization, digitalization and New Space. Such arrangements can go as far as taking minority stakes in the capital of certain strategic startups. Startups have the opportunity to become Safran suppliers. As such, more than 30 cooperation agreements were signed in 2023 between these startups and Group companies. In addition, a support program and business accelerator have been set up (see section 5.6.2.2). 5.5.2.5 Conflict minerals Although Safran only buys processed products, it is highly vigilant with regard to the origin of the minerals used in certain purchased products such as tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold. Purchasing volumes including such minerals are low. Safran complies with applicable laws and regulations, including the European T3G regulation, in force since January 1, 2021 (also known as the Conflict Minerals Regulation), and US regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act, to ensure that the minerals it uses do not come from conflict zones. Safran requires its suppliers to commit to its responsible purchasing guidelines, which demand compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding the sourcing of 5.5.3 minerals. It requires them to establish a policy allowing them to reasonably guarantee that minerals purchases do not serve to fund, directly or indirectly, armed groups whose activities are contrary to human rights. They must also exercise due diligence in choosing the source and ensuring the traceability of minerals, and in turn impose the same requirements on their suppliers. In addition, Safran identifies any suppliers that may use such minerals, and vets their commitments and internal policies by means of a three-yearly campaign using the Responsible Minerals Initiative’s Conflict Mineral Reporting Template (CMRT). Respect the environment and natural resources The transition to sustainable aviation is a priority for Safran. In its environmental dimension, that means developing business without undermining the capacity to renew natural resources or the proper functioning of ecosystems. With a determination to lead by example in its development and production methods and throughout its value chain, Safran pays particular attention to reducing the environmental impact of its operations and products. Safran has chosen to focus on four areas of meaningful improvement for its businesses and products: ◼ chemical risk (limiting the use of dangerous substances); ◼ noise (limitation of noise pollution); ◼ depletion of natural resources (reducing the use of natural resources, reusing waste in production, repairing, reusing and recycling products and waste); ◼ energy consumption (see section 5.3). 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SAFRAN 333 5 NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry 5.5.3.1 The adoption of eco-design principles Safran applies eco-design practices to reduce the environmental impact of its products. For Safran, eco-design is a key factor in the systemic management of product–related environmental issues. Other eco-design objectives include: A plan to transform eco-design activities was launched in 2023. Bringing together the Group Sustainable Development Department and the Group Strategy, Technology and Innovation Department, its main goals are to: ◼ anticipation of changes in regulatory requirements and notably through a network of liaison officers within the various companies; shifts in stakeholder, especially customer, expectations; ◼ inclusion of environmental innovation choices; criteria in ◼ establish Group governance for eco-design activities, technological ◼ improve employee skills through training and awareness- ◼ stimulation of synergies within the Group, particularly ◼ develop common methodologies and tools for environmental across subsidiaries handling the same product. In 2015, eco-design principles were introduced through an environmental management approach that is included in the eco-design standard, which is part of the HSE Guidelines. This standard ensures compliance with the ISO 14001 requirements. For example, eco-design activities are being implemented in Group companies to improve the environmental performance of certain civil and military products. Life cycle assessments (LCA) are carried out on certain products to gain a better understanding of their environmental impact and identify the most relevant areas for improvement. raising; assessment practices. and the implementation of eco-design This transformation plan will be implemented to ensure consistency and complementarity with other environmental approaches (climate, circular economy, hazardous substances, etc.). In addition, the Materials and Processes Unit of the Strategy, Technology and Innovation Department will use its pivotal position in eco-design decision-making to ensure that eco–design requirements are taken into account in all decisions regarding the development of new materials and processes. Tools have been developed to carry out these environmental assessments and to use the findings to propose areas for improvement and associated solutions. The approach takes into account the degree of knowledge available at each stage of development; eco-design requirements are intended to be adapted and phased in. Safran is actively involved in the European Clean Aviation project, contributing to a number of eco-design technology demonstrators. 5.5.3.2 Responsible management of chemical substances Safran aims to limit the use of substances of concern on health and environmental grounds in all of its operational activities. The challenge is twofold: reduce the risks associated with the use of chemical products throughout the life cycle of Safran products, and anticipate the risks of regulatory obsolescence, notably those associated with the REACH regulation, so as to guarantee the sustainability of the business. Employees, residents living near sites and consumers all have high expectations in this area, as do customers. The responsible management of chemical substances involves a cross-functional approach calling on several Safran departments and various businesses. It brings together a network of correspondents identified within each company, coordinated at the Group level. Substances Committee meetings are organized quarterly to ensure overall progress and set strategic guidelines. The committee brings together the Industrial, Purchasing and Performance, Programs, Technical, Materials and Processes, Product Environment and Health, Safety and Environment departments. Safran has rolled out a responsible management approach for chemical substances, based on three principles: anticipate regulatory requirements, substitute and control. The Group accordingly conducts strategic monitoring of substances so as to identify those that pose the greatest risk as early as 334 SAFRAN 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT possible and to draw up an appropriate strategy. Any technical work needed to identify alternative solutions is coordinated at Group level, before being brought up to industrial scale within each company, in partnership with suppliers, subcontractors and customers. Residual risks that could not be eliminated through anticipation and substitution work are managed in accordance with the provisions of the Group’s Health, Safety and Environment guidelines. This organization has enabled the identification of regulatory and commercial risks related to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). PFASs are used widely in Safran products due to their unique technical characteristics, in particular their resistance to temperature and chemical reactivity. Risks stem from the gradual withdrawal of certain PFAS suppliers from this market. Another risk factor is Europe’s plans to introduce broad restrictions on their use. Safran has implemented an action plan to limit these risks and seek alternative solutions. In 2023, Safran mapped its use of PFASs, contributing to the comprehensive mapping of the aerospace and defense sector through the work of the Aerospace, Security and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD). This work will continue in 2024 to gain a better understanding of the functionalities of PFASs in different applications and to consider appropriate substitution solutions. NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry In 2023, Safran also accelerated the industrial rollout of chromium VI-free processes. Chromium VI substitution is a priority, from the search for alternative solutions to their implementation in industrial processes. Technical solutions are available for most industrial processes, and the challenge in these cases is to obtain customer approval while supporting value chain transformation to introduce new processes into production chains. Safran is mobilizing significant resources to enable these alternatives to be rolled out on an industrial scale. 5 At the same time, Safran is actively involved in the work at the European level as part of the Chemicals Strategy for Sustainability, through French and European bodies representing the aerospace industry. The strategy is aimed at improving the protection of human health and the environment while encouraging innovation. 5.5.3.3 Reducing noise pollution The increase in air traffic is making aircraft noise a growing concern for residents in the vicinity of airports, as noise can undermine human health when exposure reaches a certain level. Airport resident associations are lobbying against noise. of its engines and equipment and cooperating in research with aircraft manufacturers, helicopter manufacturers and the largest French and European laboratories, notably ONERA(1) and the German Aerospace Center (DLR)(2). Noise standards were first introduced in 1970, and the ICAO has regularly tightened them throughout the world ever since. Some airports also impose additional constraints determined by specific local conditions (traffic, local population, etc.). In 2012, in its Flightpath2050 vision, the European Union set the target of reducing perceived aircraft noise by 65% by 2050 compared with 2000. To meet these requirements, Safran is working to lessen the noise emissions In fifty years, world aviation has reduced aircraft noise by an average of 80%. Between the most optimized versions of CFM56 engines from the early 2000s and the LEAP engine (2014), an average cumulative improvement of 12 decibels (certified level) has been achieved. The transition from the A230ceo to the A320neo results in a reduction of more than 50% of the ground noise footprint, i.e., the area affected by noise during take-off and landing. 5.5.3.4 Circular economy approach In 2023, Safran created a Circular Economy unit within the Group Sustainable Development Department, reporting directly to the Executive Committee. The aim is to address the challenges of reducing the consumption of nonrenewable natural resources. Safran’s circular economy approach is structured around the three phases of the life cycle of manufactured products: before use, during use and after use. It is supported by the eco-design approach (see section 5.5.3.1) and the establishment of an innovation roadmap for sustainability and recyclability by the R&T teams. 1) Product manufacturing phase: reducing waste and increasing recycling rates In 2023, a monthly steering committee meeting was set up within the Industrial, Purchasing and Performance Department to increase the recycling of scrap materials in the production phase, with a first project focused on titanium. The titanium swarf generated at the production sites of the companies that consume the most of this material, namely Safran Aircraft Engines and Safran Aero Boosters, is sorted by grade, cleaned and returned to material suppliers around the world. It can then be reintegrated into products purchased by Safran, thereby creating a circular economy loop and helping to reduce the carbon footprint of Safran products. This approach is gradually being extended to other Group companies and key suppliers. The ultimate goal is to generalize this approach in order to significantly increase the recycling rate of production waste from other metal alloys and to reuse composite material production waste, both internally and in the supply chain. The advances identified in the Innovation Roadmap will make it possible to implement the technologies required to achieve this objective. 2) Use phase: improving repairability, reliability and lifetime as customers use Safran’s products The Group places great importance on the repairability of its products, offering MRO (maintenance, repair and overhaul) solutions worldwide. Each year, Safran experts develop and perform several hundred new repairs on an industrial scale and offer a comprehensive range of services including performance restoration, replacement of parts with a limited life, inspection and maintenance of all equipment and extending the life of equipment. In addition, the implementation of eco-design practices (see section 5.5.3.1) promotes the repairability of new products developed. Safran also offers the use of second-hand parts. For example, CFM Materials, a joint venture between GE and Safran specializing in used parts for CFM56 engines, offers its customers access to large stocks of spare parts, to meet the needs of maintenance workshops around the world in real time. (1) Office national d’études et de recherches aérospatiales: French National Aerospace Research Office. (2) DLR: Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt. 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SAFRAN 335 5 NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry 3) End-of-life management phase: promoting reuse, increasing recycling and recovery at the end of the product’s life This final phase of the circular economy approach aims to maximize the value of the product by promoting the reuse and eventual recycling of end-of-life products. For example, the Group offers solutions to promote the reuse of carbon brakes. When these brakes have reached their wear limit, Safran Landing Systems offers certified remanufacturing solutions that enable one new brake system to be made from two used systems. The process is known as “2 for 1.” Meanwhile, the innovation roadmap for sustainability and recyclability is focusing its initial efforts on the recycling of cabin interior components. This provides a response to the technological challenges of recycling composite materials and to strong market expectations. Since 2007, Safran has partnered with two other leading players (Airbus and Suez) to create Tarmac Aerosave, under Safran chairmanship since 2022. Tarmac Aerosave is the European leader in storage and the global leader in the dismantling of military and civil aircraft manufactured by Airbus, Boeing, ATR, Bombardier and Embraer. To improve post-dismantling recycling, it is working notably with Airbus and Safran to develop short recycling cycles for aerospace metals (titanium, inconel and aluminum). A partnership between Tarmac Aerosave and startup Fairmat aims to develop a low-carbon-footprint recycling process for carbon fiber composites. In 2023, Tarmac Aerosave obtained dual certification from the Aircraft Fleet Recycling Association (AFRA) for dismantling and recycling, and was appointed to the AFRA Board of Directors. 5.5.3.5 Waste treatment Safran is committed to reducing and treating waste from its production sites. Waste is broken down into seven categories (plastics, paper/cardboard, wood, composite, metallic, hazardous and other non-hazardous waste). Safran sites do not discharge any radioactive waste. Several treatments are possible for each category of waste: material recycling, incineration with energy recovery, incineration without energy recovery and landfilling for final and hazardous waste. Depending on the type of waste, the maturity of existing channels and the countries in which Safran operates, recovery rates (material and energy) can vary from 99.6% for metallic waste to 47% for composite waste, for which treatment channels are only now taking shape. In 2023, the waste recovery rate was 71%. ENGAGE FOR THE FUTURE ◼ 2025 CSR objective #13: Increase the waste recovery ratio compared with 2019. Waste – Water 2021 2022(1) 2023 Total waste generated (in metric tons) 58,256 58,812 77,173 Total waste recovered and reused (in metric tons) 41,403 40,689 54,678 71.4 69.2 71 Waste recovery (%) (1) 2022 figures, which included estimated data for fourth-quarter 2022, were revised in 2023 to reflect the actual data 5.5.3.6 Water management Water is used mainly for sanitary purposes. In addition, water from industrial processes that could represent a risk is discharged into continuously monitored treatment facilities or treated off-site by a service provider. The Group has commissioned independent experts to perform studies and Water Water (cu.m.) analyses to assess any potential risk of soil and groundwater contamination at its industrial facilities. Preventive or remediation measures have been implemented wherever necessary. 2021 2022 2023 2,599,461 2,780,005 3,236,413 5.5.3.7 Biodiversity In 2023, Safran completed a study aimed at better understanding its major impacts on biodiversity and its interdependencies with it. The study also assessed the consistency of actions already undertaken within the Group. It showed that Safran’s impact on biodiversity is generally greater than its direct dependency on it (for example, on 336 SAFRAN 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT water resources), mainly through indirect impacts located upstream and downstream of its value chain. Biodiversity and water risk mapping completed the study. Now that this study is complete, the Group will focus on better understanding these indirect impacts and putting in place actions to preserve biodiversity in 2024. NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry Numerous initiatives have already been launched to this end, both at Group sites and along the value chain, including eco–design approaches, prevention of chemical pollution, reduction of water withdrawals, protection of natural areas on Safran sites, increased recycling and many others. Safran also complies with the environmental regulations in force for all of its projects, and carries out occasional impact studies on local biodiversity to obtain the operating permits required for its activities. 5 For example, Safran Nacelles in Gonfreville l’Orcher (France) completed two reforestation projects in December 2022 and January 2023; 130 trees were planted on the site, and three botanical and entomological inventories were carried out in 2023. Safran Nacelles has also supported two hedge-planting initiatives in the area where it operates. Safran Aero Boosters has also been implementing a biodiversity plan at its sites in Belgium since 2020. The aim is to create ecological networks, or connections between ecosystems in an urbanized environment, so as to allow genetic exchanges between populations and in that way to foster biodiversity. In recognition of this commitment, the Natagora association awarded the Milmort site its Nature Network label in 2021. 5.5.3.8 Control of industrial risks Safran is committed to controlling the industrial risks associated with its activities and mitigating their impact on the environment, wherever they are carried out (see ERM methodology in section 4.1.1). Each site undertakes preventive measures to ensure the compliance of its facilities and to prevent and reduce pollution that could be generated by its activities. The rollout of the HSE Guidelines makes it possible to cover all industrial risks and to ensure compliance with requirements through audits. No industrial accidents with a significant impact on the environment were brought to the Group’s attention in 2023. A roadmap on the prevention of major industrial risks sets out the Group’s challenges and actions through to 2028 and addresses issues including physical climate risks, chemical risks, fire safety and emerging risks such as the use of hydrogen for next-generation engines. Physical risks related to climate change Physical risks related to climate change, such as extreme weather events, may impact Safran in terms of HSE, property damage and business continuity. To start with, physical risk exposure analysis is carried out for all new acquisition projects. Physical risks for existing sites are also taken into account in Safran’s risk mapping. The “major risks” roadmap takes into account physical climatic risks in light of the increasing frequency and intensity of climatic events. In 2023, as a result of the climatic events that affected the sites in previous years, “reflex tip sheets” were made available to the sites. They set out the rules and measures to be taken during episodes of heat stress, flooding, pollution and drought in order to protect the health of employees and the safety of property. Facilities subject to operating permits Since 2016, the Group has operated two Safran Landing Systems facilities, in Molsheim and Bidos in France, that are classified as upper-tier Seveso sites. Both facilities comply with prevailing legislation, with safety management systems, an internal operations plan and technological risk prevention plans in place. The Group also has four lower-tier Seveso sites: Safran Aircraft Engines in Corbeil and Gennevilliers (France), Safran Landing Systems in Dinard (France) and Safran Landing Systems in Gloucester (United Kingdom). Some units operate facilities that are subject to permits, registration or reporting depending on national legislation. All of the facilities requiring an operating permit have been reported by the Group to the proper authorities. In line with French legislation, financial warranties cover the eventuality of safety and decontamination work being required if sites classified as environmentally risk-prone are decommissioned. Fire prevention Action plans to improve fire risk prevention are systematically implemented to continuously improve the protection of sites and the people working on them. Expansion or renovation projects undergo fire safety reviews to ensure appropriate prevention and protection actions are included. In addition, a regular six-monthly review is performed with a fire prevention and protection firm, insurers and the Group Risk and Insurance Department. These review sessions provide a forum for discussion on past and future developments. An annual fire audit plan, drawn up jointly with the Risk and Insurance Department, ensures that recommendations are appropriate and properly implemented. These audits make it possible to assess the level of protection against fire risk through a rating. The rating is based on several criteria such as the installation of appropriate sprinklers, documentary and operational management, and building condition and construction materials. The criteria are then weighted to give an overall score from 0 to 100 (100 being the best). Following a fire at the Molsheim site in France in 2022, an internal Group reference manual defining fire safety rules for the surface treatment of manufactured parts has been available since 2023. The standard applies to all new projects (construction or modernization of surface treatment lines); its requirements are taken into account during technical fire prevention audits. 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SAFRAN 337 5 NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry The indicator mentioned below relates to a Group scope. Level of fire protection 5.5.4 2021 2022 2023 68 68 67 Duty of care plan Safran’s duty of care plan is designed to comply with French legal requirements on the duty of care.(1) It is aligned with the Group’s CSR strategy and its four pillars: decarbonize aeronautics, be an exemplary employer, embody responsible industry and affirm our commitment to citizenship. The plan covers various risks related to human rights, fundamental freedoms, health, safety, the environment and the fight against corruption. This applies both to the Group’s internal activities and to relations with subcontractors and suppliers with which Safran has established business relationships. Large French companies are required to implement duty of care plans that include the following measures: 1. a risk map for identifying, analyzing and prioritizing risks; 2. procedures for regularly assessing, with regard to the risk map, the situation of subsidiaries, subcontractors and suppliers with which there is an established business relationship; 3. appropriate programs to mitigate risks or prevent serious harm or damage; 4. an alert and reporting system on the existence or outcome of risks, put together jointly with trade unions at Group level; 5. a system for tracking the measures taken and assessing their effectiveness. The duty of care plan applies to the Group’s entire scope and refers to topics covered in other parts of chapter 5 of this document. Governance The duty of care plan is managed by the Ethics and Compliance Department, under the authority of the Group General Secretary, Chair of the Compliance, Ethics and AntiFraud Committee. This department coordinates and implements the duty of care plan in collaboration with the following departments: Audit and Internal Control, Climate, Industrial, Purchasing and Performance, Legal, Corporate Human and Social Responsibility, Risk and Insurance, CSR, and Health, Safety and Environment. Each department establishes policies and actions to prevent risks as effectively as possible. The plan is subject to regular review by the Compliance, Ethics and Anti-Fraud Committee (see section 5.5.1.2). Policies and commitments External reference frameworks In its operations, Safran is committed to complying with the United Nations Global Compact and its ten principles relating to human rights, international labor standards, the environment and the fight against corruption. Safran has willingly undertaken to adhere to and promote these universal principles in its practices. The Group has developed its duty of care plan within the framework of the OECD guidelines, the fundamental conventions of the International Labour Organization (ILO) and the UN International Bill of Human Rights. In addition, Safran contributes to the UN Sustainable Development Goals(2) (see section 5.1.3.1). Internal reference frameworks In 2023, Safran renewed and strengthened a global CSR framework agreement with the IndustriALL Global Union and representatives of the French metallurgy federations of the French CFE-CGC, CFDT and CGT-FO unions (see section 5.1.3.3). It covers the entire scope of Safran’s activities worldwide and applies to all employees, including relationships with suppliers. It takes into account societal and environmental developments, while respecting cultural, social and economic differences. The main objective of the agreement is to place the Group’s social responsibility policy within a negotiated framework in compliance with international labor conventions. The agreement reinforces Safran’s commitment to combating climate change and protecting the environment. It also supports the implementation of the Group’s human resources policy, guarantees employee representation rights, and recognizes Safran’s commitments with regard to business ethics. The agreement emphasizes the importance of upholding fundamental rights, both for subsidiaries and in the selection and evaluation of suppliers, subcontractors and service providers. It also takes into account the impact of the company’s activities on the communities in which it operates, in accordance with the legal and regulatory framework of each country, in particular the principles of duty of care. The agreement stipulates that “communication to staff representatives of information relating to suppliers, subcontractors and service providers will be done in accordance with the legal and regulatory framework of each country on this subject and in particular the principles of due diligence in force.” (1) In France in particular, law no. 2017-399 of March 27, 2017 on the duty of care of parent companies and contracting companies. (2) The United Nations has established Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to address global challenges. https://unric.org/en/ united-nations-sustainable-development-goals/. 338 SAFRAN 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry 5 Safran's internal policies aim to prevent risks relating to human rights and the environment, as identified in the table below. RISK THEMES Policies and commitments Human rights Diversity charter (see section 5.4.3.1), Global CSR framework agreement (see section 5.3.3), CSR strategy (see section 5.1.2) Health, safety and environment (HSE) Health, safety and environment policy (see section 5.4.2.1), Gold 2025 roadmap (see section 5.4.2.1) Climate Climate strategy (see section 5.1.1.3) Personal data Personal data protection policy (see section 5.5.1.6), internal standard comprising procedures (see section 5.5.1.6) Ethics and corruption Ethical Guidelines (see section 5.5.1.2), code of conduct for the detection and prevention of acts of corruption (see section 5.5.1.3), responsible lobbying charter (see section 5.5.1.3), charter on the prevention and management of conflicts of interest Suppliers and subcontractors Responsible purchasing guidelines (see section 5.5.2.1), Responsible purchasing charter (see section 5.5.4.2) Safety Safety policy (see section 4.3.2.2) 5.5.4.1 Duty of care plan related to the Group’s operations Risk map Methodology Risks are managed via the Group Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) set-up (see section 4.1.1). The diversity of Safran’s activities and sites exposes the Group to several risks. Its ERM enables it to systematically address the operational and strategic challenges it faces. Each risk factor identified is analyzed and forms the basis for various risk scenarios that are ranked and managed within the scope of customized action plans, taking into account the impact, probability of occurrence and level of control. The impact and probability of each risk are assessed in terms of their direct and indirect potential impact on the Group’s businesses. The required level of control is then determined. Each tier-one entity has a risk manager who consolidates its risk map and organizes reviews with its risk committee at least twice a year. Each of Safran’s central corporate departments also prepares a map of the main risks in their scope. The Risk and Insurance Department then consolidates this data in a Group–wide risk map. The Group’s risk mapping therefore guarantees the overall consistency of risk assessments and the associated action plans together with the level of control exercised over them. It allows the identification of non-financial risks (see section 5.2). Safran has also drawn up a materiality matrix of non–financial challenges (see section 5.1.2.1), based on the Group’s risk map, studies on the challenges facing the aerospace industry and an in-depth analysis of reference frameworks. This matrix highlights 37 issues relating to human rights, health, safety, the environment, anticorruption and business ethics, which are assessed by internal and external stakeholders to determine their importance. In 2022, Safran strengthened its response to the requirements of the duty of care legislation by specifically identifying and describing risks related to human rights at Group level, with the assistance of an external body. Data from Safran SA and its tier-one entities were analyzed and supplemented by interviews with relevant stakeholders. A total of 54 interviews were conducted with the Corporate Human and Social Responsibility, Ethics and Compliance, Health and Safety, Climate and Environment, Legal, Risk, and Audit and Internal Control departments. Valuable insight into human rights risks was gained. A risk prioritization matrix was created by conducting a detailed analysis of each risk, applying certain focuses set out in the ERM, such as probability and criticality, plus an evaluation of the extent to which they might be considered irremediable, in accordance with the United Nations Guidelines. This identification of risks has paved the way for new prevention and mitigation measures. 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SAFRAN 339 5 NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry Identification of key risks Challenges Key risks Assumptions Human rights and fundamental freedoms Risks relating to discrimination Discriminatory treatment of employees Risks relating to non-respect for local communities Deterioration of relations with local residents, industrial accidents affecting the environment and the health of local residents Risks relating to social dialogue Discrimination against trade unions Risks relating to the violation of the right to privacy Failure to protect employees’ personal data Psychosocial risks Work-life imbalance, excessive working hours Health risks Employee exposure to harmful substances, prevalence of musculoskeletal occupational illnesses Health, safety and environment Safety risks Risks inherent to activities, such as industrial accidents Environmental risks Physical climate risks Climate Risks relating to CO2 emissions Failure to comply with the Paris Climate Agreement (1.5°C) Ethics and compliance Ethics whistleblowing Incorrect understanding of human rights in ethics reports and whistleblowing handling processes Suppliers and subcontractors Risk of non-compliance with social, environmental and ethical legislation Failure to respect the freedom of association of workers in the supply chain, lack of commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions Regular assessment of subsidiary situations In addition to the periodic ERM maturity assessment, Group companies are subject to an annual control via a dual internal audit and control system. The Audit and Internal Control Department has defined an internal control framework structured around 13 areas called internal control cycles, which are applied to all Group companies. This framework, comprising 200 control points, is designed to assess the compliance of each company’s control processes and activities with the requirements of the framework, as well as their operational efficiency. A specific point is dedicated to the requirements related to the duty of care. The annual internal audit plan is based notably on the Group’s risk mapping. The internal auditors of the Audit and Internal Control Department carry out engagements that contribute to the control of Safran’s activities, the efficiency of its operations and the use of its key resources. In 2023, 33 engagements were completed. By analyzing the results of its work, the Internal Control function is able to identify and remedy non-compliance with the requirements of the framework. In 2023, controls relating to the prevention of corruption, the duty of care and the protection of personal data were extended worldwide. The various assessment procedures enable Safran to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, application of instructions and guidelines set by Executive Management, and proper functioning of internal processes. Human rights Safran conducted its first Inclusion Barometer in 2022, inviting all Group employees to express themselves and provide insight into their perceptions and expectations in terms of diversity, inclusion and non-discrimination. By giving a better all-round vision of current issues, the Barometer made it possible to implement practical actions to foster a work environment in which everyone feels respected, empowered to be themselves and valued. A new Barometer will be organized in 2025 to assess changes in employee perceptions. 340 SAFRAN 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT Health, safety and environment HSE risks are assessed at the workstation level, in order to establish action plans for resources or the work environment. The assessments are systematically consolidated site by site, in addition to the assessment of compliance with Safran’s HSE standards, aligned with the One Safran management system. In addition, all sites complete an annual selfassessment, with annual audits for industrial sites. In 2023, a survey on Health and Safety culture was conducted in eight Group companies, with a response rate of 87%, allowing action plans to be implemented (see section 5.4.2.1). Climate To ensure that the Group’s climate strategy is properly implemented and that Safran’s decarbonization targets are met, the Group’s and its subsidiaries’ climate commitment is supported at the highest level of the organization by the Group Sustainable Development Department and the Climate Steering Committee (chaired by the Chief Executive Officer), as well as by the Innovation, Technology & Climate Committee of the Board of Directors. The roadmap is monitored and managed by four more operational committees on the following themes: energy and low consumption, supply chain, employee mobility and product use. The operational management of actions is the responsibility of low-carbon project managers in the tier-one entities, as well as representatives in the business departments (purchasing, supply chain, energy, business travel, etc.). Lastly, progress on the action plan is reviewed regularly by the Group Executive Committee. Standards are in place to ensure the proper implementation of the action plan, such as the internal construction standard applied to all new projects in order to improve the energy performance of new buildings, and an internal energy management system, based on ISO 50001, which is currently being implemented at Safran sites to intensify and accelerate the reduction of energy consumption. NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry Corruption In 2023, Safran continued to implement its corruption prevention and detection program, notably by rounding out its control framework. The Audit and Internal Control Department conducts annual management audits of entities, which systematically include verification of compliance requirements. These specific audits represent approximately half of the annual internal audit plan. decarbonization of the aviation industry. Its policy seeks to make carbon-neutral aircraft a research and technology priority, requiring reductions in CO2 emissions throughout its entire value chain, and encouraging its employees to reduce their carbon footprint. A Climate Challenge Steering Committee sets targets (see section 5.3.2) and an Innovation, Technology & Climate Committee oversees the effective rollout of the climate strategy (see section 6.3.6.3). Appropriate programs to mitigate risks or prevent serious harm or damage Actions are implemented as part of the strategy to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions (see section 5.3.3.2), Scope 3 excluding product use (5.3.3.3) and Scope 3 product use (5.3.3.4). Based on the identification and analysis of the risks facing the Group, Safran prepares and implements risk prevention or mitigation actions in compliance with the various applicable legal frameworks and its imperatives. Human rights Respect for human rights is one of Safran’s central commitments, embodied notably in the “Be an exemplary employer” pillar (see section 5.4). Thus, the Corporate Human and Social Responsibilities Department works to develop skills, promote mobility opportunities and guarantee a quality working environment. It is also committed to promoting equal opportunities, diversity and inclusion, while supporting collaboration, mutual aid, social dialogue and respect for trade union rights. Diversity and inclusion is one of the four key focuses of this HR policy and actions are taken to promote equal opportunity and diversity (see section 5.4.3). In 2022, Safran launched its first Inclusion Barometer, and in 2023 an updated roadmap for 2024 was co-constructed with the various stakeholders. The roadmap’s sponsor is the Chairman of a Safran company, a member of the Executive Committee. Health, safety and environment Safran’s Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) policy is designed to develop a culture of anticipation and prevention to control the Group’s risks in a process of continuous improvement. It embodies Safran’s commitment to health, safety, protection of the environment and natural resources, and the fight against climate change. These commitments benefit all employees, partners, suppliers, customers and other stakeholders, in a spirit of transparency and sincerity. For example, following the development of its health/working conditions standard, the Group launched the “One Health!” roadmap, focused in particular on mental health (see section 5.4.2.1). To achieve its objectives, Safran has defined indicators for tracking progress annually for each pillar on the Engage for the Future CSR roadmap (see section 5.1.2). Climate The Paris Climate Agreement set the goal of capping the increase in the Earth’s average temperature at 2°C, or even 1.5°C, by the end of the century compared with pre-industrial levels. To comply with the agreement, policy, strategies and actions are drawn up and implemented by the Group Climate and Environment Department. To reduce the risks to the environment and those associated with global warming, Safran has implemented a climate strategy, which aims in particular to “decarbonize aeronautics,” both internally and externally. Safran aims to become the leader in the 5 Ethics and corruption ◼ Code of conduct and prevention of acts of corruption: Safran ensures that its activities are conducted with high standards of honesty, integrity and professional excellence that are in line with the international standards of business ethics, promoted by the International Forum on Business Ethical Conduct (IFBEC). Safran’s business ethics policy, constructed with appropriate governance and processes, features a “zero tolerance” policy towards corruption. Safran’s actions against corruption include promotion of best practices, and participation in and contributions to initiatives led by national and international professional bodies such as the French Aerospace Industries Association (GIFAS), the French Employers’ Federation (Medef), the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), the International Forum on Business Ethical Conduct (IFBEC), formed by major international aerospace and defense companies, and the European Business Ethics Network. ◼ Ethical Guidelines: Safran’s Ethical Guidelines form the cornerstone of the Group’s ethical commitments and apply to all employees and stakeholders. It requires adherence to fundamental principles, adoption of appropriate professional behavior, promotion of integrated management of information, environmental protection and attention to stakeholder expectations. ◼ Charter on the prevention and management of conflicts of interest: The Group’s ethics policy includes a charter on the prevention and management of conflicts of interest. Safran is committed to conducting its business with honesty and integrity, while respecting the rules of its host countries. Any conflict-of-interest situation must systematically be disclosed through a declaration of conflict of interest so that the necessary measures can be taken to protect Safran’s interests while respecting rules of confidentiality and protection of privacy. Safety Safran has a dedicated structure responsible for ensuring the safety of all its employees (see section 4.3.2.2) in all host countries and in all the countries to which its employees travel. The safety policy includes a country watch, training and monitoring for employees and partners, and other appropriate support systems in geographies at risk. Personal data Personal data protection, through a dedicated governance and organization (see section 5.5.1.6); The Group thus ensures that its business is conducted with respect for privacy and the protection of the personal data of its employees and contacts. Safran has a Group personal data protection policy. 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SAFRAN 341 5 NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Ethics, responsible purchasing and the environment: embody responsible industry Whistleblowing system Health, safety and environment Safran has introduced a whistleblowing system enabling people to report any situation in breach of the principles of the Ethical Guidelines, in accordance with the requirements of France’s Sapin II and duty of care laws. Details on this system appear in section 5.5.1.2. The Health, Safety and Environment guidelines include the requirements of environmental management (ISO 14001) and occupational health and safety management (ISO 45001) standards, as well as Safran’s standards and specific operational requirements. A maturity matrix is used to assess the maturity level on the guidelines and to set specific improvement targets. The level of maturity is an indicator of the effectiveness of the measures put in place by the Group (see section 5.4.2.1). The HSE policy includes health and safety indicators such as the lost-time accident frequency rate, to monitor the company’s progress (see section 5.4.2.1). This system is open to all of Safran’s internal and external stakeholders. It specifically covers issues including human rights, corruption, health, safety and the environment. Every employee is entitled to notify or raise questions with their manager, the Head of Internal Control, the Head of IT Security, the Security Officer, the Head of Human Resources, the Ethics and Compliance Department, the Legal Department, the Finance Department, the Quality Department, the Audit and Internal Control Department or the Compliance, Ethics and Anti-Fraud Committee. They can use the alert method of their choice. Additionally, regardless of the channel used, the process of collecting and reviewing reports ensures that the identity of the whistleblower and any persons concerned is protected. The information gathered during the investigation is processed in total confidentiality by the Compliance, Ethics and Anti-Fraud Committee. Reports can also be made, anonymously or openly, via the secure, multilingual email address, safran@alertethic.com. Each report is thoroughly investigated to determine whether it is substantiated, and appropriate action is taken as needed. Employees are kept informed on the whistleblowing system via the Group’s intranet. The public web page also mentions the existence and operation of the system. The collection of alerts is managed by an external and independent third party. System for tracking the measures taken and assessing their effectiveness All risk prevention and remediation measures are monitored and 
