 Important factors that could cause actual financial, business, research, or operating results to differ materially from expectations are disclosed in this annual report, including without limitation the following risk factors. Investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in the following risk factors and elsewhere in this document before deciding to invest in any of the Company’s securities. In addition to the risks listed below, we may be subject to other material risks that as of the date of this report are not currently known to us or that we deem immaterial at this time. Risks relating to legal and regulatory matters Product liability claims could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition Product liability is a significant risk for any pharmaceutical company, given that liability claims relating to our industry are unforeseeable by nature. The evolving regulatory environment worldwide (the ever-more stringent regulatory requirements applicable to the pharmaceutical industry, plus more stringent data, quality and supply obligations) clearly impacts our potential liability, and we may incur different liability claims to what we have handled in the past, with regard to their nature, scope and level. For a detailed analysis of the regulatory environment in which we operate, refer to “Item 4. Information on the Company - B. Business Overview - B.5.3 Regulatory framework.” Substantial damages have been awarded by some jurisdictions and/or settlements agreed – notably in the United States and other common law jurisdictions – against pharmaceutical companies based on claims for injuries allegedly caused by the use of their products. Such claims can also lead to product recalls, withdrawals, or declining sales, and/or be accompanied by consumer fraud claims by customers, third-party payers seeking reimbursement of the cost of the product and/or other claims, including potential civil or criminal governmental actions. We are currently defending a number of product liability claims (see Note D.22.a. to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18. of this annual report) notably with respect to TAXOTERE, ZANTAC, DEPAKINE and GOLD BOND, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in defending these claims, or that we will not face additional claims in the future. Establishing the full side effect profile of a pharmaceutical drug goes beyond data derived from preapproval clinical studies which may only involve several hundred to several thousand patients. Routine review and analysis of the continually growing body of post-marketing safety data and clinical trials provide additional information – for example, potential evidence of rare, population-specific or long-term adverse events or of drug interactions that were not observed in preapproval clinical studies. This causes product labeling to evolve over time following interactions with regulatory authorities, which may include restrictions of therapeutic indications, new contraindications, warnings or precautions and occasionally even the suspension or withdrawal of a product marketing authorization. Following any of these events, pharmaceutical companies can face significant product liability claims (see Note D.22.a. to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18. of this annual report). Furthermore, we commercialize several devices (some of which use new technologies) which, if they malfunction, could cause unexpected damage and lead to product liability claims (see “Breaches of data security, disruptions of information technology systems and cyber threats could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm” below). SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 1 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information Although we continue to insure a portion of our product liability with third-party carriers, product liability coverage is increasingly difficult and costly to obtain, particularly in the United States. In the future, it is possible that self-insurance may become the sole commercially reasonable means available for managing the financial risk associated with product liability in our pharmaceuticals and vaccines businesses (see “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — B.8. Insurance and Risk Coverage”). In cases where we self-insure, the legal costs that we would bear for handling such claims, and potential damage awards to be paid to claimants, could have a negative impact on our financial condition. Due to insurance conditions, even when we have insurance coverage, recoveries from insurers may not be totally successful due to market-driven insurance limitations and exclusions. Moreover, insolvency of an insurer could affect our ability to recover claims on policies for which we have already paid a premium. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of our defense, are costly, divert management’s attention, may harm our reputation, and can impact the demand for our products and generate speculative news flows and/or rumors relating to such claims. Substantial product liability claims could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, and/or may have an impact on market perception of our company and negatively affect our stock price. Claims and investigations relating to ethics and business integrity, competition law, marketing practices, pricing, human rights of workers and other legal matters could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition Our industry is heavily regulated and legal requirements vary from country to country, and new requirements are imposed on our industry from time to time. Governments and regulatory authorities around the world have been strengthening implementation and enforcement activities in recent years, including in relation to anti-bribery, anti-corruption and ethical requirements with respect to medical and scientific research, interactions with healthcare professionals and payers, and respect for the human rights of workers. We have adopted a Code of Conduct that requires employees to comply with applicable laws and regulations, as well as the specific principles and rules of conduct set forth in the Code. We also have policies and procedures designed to help ensure that we, our officers, employees, agents, intermediaries and other third parties comply with applicable laws and regulations (including but not limited to the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the UK Bribery Act, the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, the French Anti-Corruption measures law (Sapin II), the French duty of vigilance law and other anti-bribery laws and regulations). Notwithstanding these efforts, failure to comply with laws and regulations (including as a result of a business partner’s breach) may occur and could result in liabilities for us and/or our management. Sanofi and certain of its subsidiaries could become the subject of investigations or proceedings by various government entities or could face audits and/or litigation, including allegations of corruption, claims related to employment matters, patent and intellectual property disputes, consumer law claims, competition law and tax audits. We are currently the target of a number of lawsuits relating to pricing and marketing practices (including, for example, “whistleblower” litigation in the United States), which we are vigorously defending. With respect to tax issues, the complexity of the fiscal environment is such that the ultimate resolution of any tax matter may result in payments that are greater or less than the amounts we have accrued. See “Item 8. Financial Information — A. Consolidated Financial Statements and Other Financial Information — Information on Legal or Arbitration Proceedings” and Note D.22. to our consolidated financial statements included at Item 18. of this annual report. In addition, responding to such investigations is costly and may divert management’s attention from our business. Unfavorable outcomes in any of these matters, or in similar matters that may arise in the future, could preclude the commercialization of our products, harm our reputation, negatively affect the profitability of existing products and subject us to substantial fines, punitive damages, penalties and injunctive or administrative remedies, potentially leading to the imposition of additional regulatory controls, monitoring or self-reporting obligations, or exclusion from government reimbursement programs or markets, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. The unpredictability of these proceedings could lead Sanofi, after consideration of all relevant factors, to enter into settlement agreements to settle certain claims. Such settlements may involve significant monetary payments and/or potential criminal penalties, may include admissions of wrongdoing and may require entering into a Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA) or a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (in the United States), which is intended to regulate company behavior for a specified number of years. For example, on February 28, 2020, Sanofi US entered into a civil settlement with the United States Department of Justice and agreed to pay approximately $11.85 million to resolve allegations regarding certain charitable donations Sanofi US made to an independent patient assistance foundation that assisted patients being treated for multiple sclerosis. In connection with this settlement, Sanofi US also entered into a CIA with the Office of the Inspector General for the United States Department of Health and Human Services effective the same day, which will require us to meet and maintain certain compliance requirements in the United States. Our activities (including our products and manufacturing activities) are subject to significant government regulations and regulatory approvals, which are often costly and could result in adverse consequences to our business if we fail to anticipate the regulations, comply with them, maintain the required approvals, and/or adapt to changes in applicable regulations Obtaining a marketing authorization for a product is a long and highly regulated process requiring us to present extensive documentation and data to the relevant regulatory authorities either at the time of the filing of the application for a marketing authorization or later during its review. Each regulatory authority may impose its own requirements which can evolve over time. 2 SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information Each regulatory authority may also delay or refuse to grant approval even though a product has already been approved in another country. Regulatory authorities are increasingly strengthening their requirements on product safety and risk/benefit profiles. All of these requirements, including post-marketing requirements, have increased the costs associated with maintaining marketing authorizations (see “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — B.5. Markets — B.5.3. Regulatory framework”). Moreover, to monitor our compliance with applicable regulations, the FDA, EMA, WHO and comparable national agencies in other jurisdictions routinely conduct regulatory inspections of our facilities, distribution centers, commercial activities and development centers (including hospitals), and may identify potential deficiencies which we must adequately address. For example, in November 2020, the FDA issued a Complete Response Letter (CRL) regarding the Biologics License Application (BLA) for sutimlimab, a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of hemolysis in adults with cold agglutinin disease (which has been approved in the meantime), referring to certain deficiencies identified by the agency during a pre-license inspection of a third- party facility responsible for manufacturing. More generally, if we fail to adequately respond to regulatory inspection observations identified during an inspection or fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements at all or within the targeted timeline, we could be subject to enforcement, remedial and/or punitive actions by the FDA (such as a Warning Letter, injunction, seizure or cease and desist order), the EMA or other regulatory authorities. In addition, we have an obligation to monitor and report adverse events and safety signals. In order to comply with these duties, we must regularly train our employees and certain third parties (such as external sales forces and distributor employees) on regulatory matters, including on pharmacovigilance. If we fail to train these people, or fail to train them appropriately, or if they do not comply with contractual requirements, we may be exposed to the risk that safety events are not reported or not reported in a timely manner in breach of our reporting obligations. Due to regulatory or geopolitical constraints, we may face delays in our clinical trials due, for example, to the new EU Clinical Trials Regulation review process for approvals of new trials or for the transition of ongoing trials under such new regulation, and/or restrictions imposed on clinical trial sites, and/or delays in the supply chain for investigational products and/or the initiation and enrollment of patients in our clinical trials, and/or disruptions related to regulatory approvals, for instance due to the inability of health authorities to perform inspections in other countries and/or delays in label expansions for existing products. We may not be able to fully mitigate these delays, which could negatively impact the timing of our pipeline development programs and may have a negative impact on our product development and launches and hence on future product sales, business and results of operations. In addition, all aspects of our business, including research and development, manufacturing, marketing, reimbursement, pricing and sales, are subject to extensive legislation and governmental regulation. Changes in applicable laws and the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business. For example, in response to the European Union regulations for Medical Devices (EU MDR), which entered into force in May 2021, Sanofi created the EU MDR task force. This task force was commissioned to address the risk of potential delays in approvals (for new drug-device combination products, for substantial changes to the design or intended purpose of the device component of already approved drug-device combination products, and for medical devices) and of product discontinuation (for some legacy medical devices), as well as compliance risks for existing products due to increased requirements for post-marketing surveillance, clinical evaluations, traceability and transparency. A similar task force was set up in the first quarter of 2021 to examine risks related to the new regulations for In-Vitro Diagnostic Devices (IVDR) implemented in May 2022. For information about risks related to changes: • in proprietary rights rules and regulations, see “– We rely on our patents and other proprietary rights to provide exclusive rights to market certain of our products. If such patents and other rights were limited, invalidated or circumvented, our financial results could be adversely affected” below; and • in environmental rules and regulations, see “– Management of the historical contamination related to our past industrial activities could adversely impact our results of operations and reputation” below. In addition, changes in tax laws or regulations or their interpretation or exposures to additional tax liabilities around the world could negatively impact our operating results. Changes to tax laws or regulations may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted. Furthermore, most of the jurisdictions in which we operate have double tax treaties with other foreign jurisdictions, which provide a framework for mitigating the impact of double taxation on our revenues and capital gains. However, the outcome of those mechanisms developed to resolve such conflicting claims can be uncertain and can be expected to be very lengthy. Accruals for tax contingencies are made based on experience, interpretations of tax law, and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities. However, due to the complexity of tax contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax matter may result in payments materially different from the amounts accrued. We rely on our patents and other proprietary rights to provide exclusive rights to market certain of our products. If such patents and other rights were limited, invalidated or circumvented, our financial results could be adversely affected Through patent and other proprietary rights, such as data exclusivity or supplementary protection certificates in Europe, we hold exclusivity rights for a number of our research-based products. However, the protection that we are able to obtain varies in its duration and scope. Furthermore, patents and other proprietary rights do not always provide effective protection for our products. We cannot be certain that we will obtain adequate patent protection for new products and technologies in important markets or that such protections, once granted, will last as long as originally anticipated. SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 3 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information For example, governmental authorities are increasingly looking to facilitate generic and biosimilar competition for existing products through new regulatory proposals intended to achieve, or resulting in, changes to the scope of patent or data exclusivity rights and through the use of accelerated regulatory pathways for generic and biosimilar drug approvals. At the EU level, the proposed wide-ranging revision of the general pharmaceutical legislation may pose downside risks to innovation and competitiveness in Europe, primarily due to the reduction of intellectual property (IP) protections and a stricter incentives framework for orphan medicinal products (OMPs). Such regulatory proposals could make patent prosecution for new products more difficult and time consuming or could adversely affect the exclusivity period for our products. Moreover, manufacturers of generic products or biosimilars are increasingly seeking to challenge patent validity or coverage before the patents expire, and manufacturers of biosimilars or interchangeable versions of the products are seeking to have their version of the product approved before the exclusivity period ends. Furthermore, in an infringement suit against a third party, we may not prevail and the decision rendered may not conclude that our patent or other proprietary rights are valid, enforceable or infringed. Our competitors may also successfully avoid our patents. Even in cases where we ultimately prevail in an infringement claim, legal remedies available for harm caused to us by infringing products may be inadequate to make us whole. Moreover, a successful result against a competing product for a given patent or in a specific country is not necessarily predictive of our future success against another competing product or in another country because of local variations in the patents and patent laws. In addition, if we lose patent protection as a result of an adverse court decision or a settlement, we face the risk that government and private third-party payers and purchasers of pharmaceutical products may claim damages alleging they have over- reimbursed or overpaid for a drug. For example, in 2009, in Australia, our patent on clopidogrel was ultimately held invalid. Following this decision, the Australian Government sought damages for its alleged over-reimbursement of clopidogrel drugs due to the preliminary injunction we had secured against the sale of generic clopidogrel during the course of the litigation. The Australian Government’s claim was dismissed following two decisions, one of the Federal Court of Australia in April 2020 and one of the Full Court of the Federal Court of Australia in June 2023. On December 18, 2023, the Australian Government was granted a special leave to appeal to the High Court of Australia. We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology, know-how, trade secrets and other confidential information, which we seek to protect through various measures, including confidentiality agreements with licensees, employees, third-party collaborators, and consultants who may have access to such information. If these agreements are breached or our other protective measures should fail, then our contractual or other remedies may not be adequate to cover our losses. In certain cases, to terminate or avoid patent litigation we or our collaboration partners may be required to obtain licenses from the holders of third-party intellectual property rights. Any payments under these licenses may reduce our profits from such products and we may not be able to obtain these licenses on favorable terms or at all. Third parties may also request a preliminary or permanent injunction in a country from a court of law to prevent us from marketing a product if they consider that we infringe their patent rights in that country. If third parties obtain a preliminary or permanent injunction or if we fail to obtain a required license for a country where valid third-party intellectual property rights as confirmed by a court of law exist, or if we are unable to alter the design of our technology to fall outside the scope of third-party intellectual property rights, we may be unable to market some of our products in certain countries, which may limit our profitability. In addition, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that we believe were improperly granted, including through negotiation and litigation, and such challenges may not always be successful. Third parties may claim that our products infringe one or more patents owned or controlled by them. Claims of intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming to resolve, may delay or prevent product launches, and may result in significant royalty payments or damages. Furthermore, some countries may consider granting a compulsory license to a third party to use patents protecting an innovator’s product, which limits the value of the patent protection granted to such products. We have increased the proportion of biological therapeutics in our pipeline relative to traditional small molecule pharmaceutical products. Typically, the development, manufacture, sale and distribution of biological therapeutics is complicated by third-party intellectual property rights (otherwise known as freedom to operate (FTO) issues), to a greater extent than for the small molecule therapeutics, because of the types of patents allowed by national patent offices. Further, our ability to successfully challenge third-party patent rights is dependent on the legal interpretation and case law of national courts. In addition, we expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars in the future. With the accelerated regulatory pathways provided in the United States and Europe for biosimilar drug approval, biosimilars can be a threat to the exclusivity of any biological therapeutics we sell or may market in the future and can pose the same issues as the small molecule generic threat described above. If a biosimilar version of one of our products were to be approved, it could reduce our sales and/or profitability of that product. We currently hold trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending in many jurisdictions, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the trademark. As our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks and trade dress to differentiate us from our competitors increases and, as a result, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our rights. If our patents and/or proprietary rights to our products were limited or circumvented, our financial results could be adversely affected. 4 SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information Failure to comply with data ethics and privacy regulations could adversely affect our business and reputation We operate in an environment that relies on the collection, processing, analysis and interpretation of large sets of patients’ and other individuals’ personal data, and the operation of our business requires data to flow freely across borders of numerous countries. The legal and regulatory environment of data privacy is diversified, with regional legislation such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Europe, the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) enacted in 2021 in China, and other significant privacy legislation, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in the United States. As the framework continues to evolve, some uncertainty remains with respect to absence of clear guidance or case law. Such uncertainty could result in an operational risk limiting or preventing the transfer of data across borders, which may have an impact on our activities (e.g., on clinical trials). Breach of the regulations described above could also carry financial sanctions and may harm our reputation and those of our activities that rely on personal data processing. Furthermore, the increasing volume of data processed and advances in new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, have resulted in a greater focus on data governance and the ethical use of personal data. Failure in our data governance and ethical use of personal data could affect our business and reputation. Risks relating to our business The pricing and reimbursement of our products is negatively affected by increasing cost containment pressures and decisions of governmental authorities and other third parties The commercial success of our existing products and our product candidates depends in part on their pricing and reimbursement conditions. Our products are negatively affected by continued downward pricing pressure and scrutiny due, inter alia, to: • stricter price and access controls imposed by governments and other payers around the world: – requirements for greater transparency around drug pricing and drug development costs, – widespread use of international reference pricing and therapeutic reference pricing, among other pricing methodologies and caps, – mandatory price cuts, renegotiations, industry payback and rebates, – delisting from reimbursement and restrictions on the label population, – access restrictions for high-priced innovative medicines, – prescribing guidelines and binding medicine utilization controls, – Medicare drug price negotiations under the US Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), – greater use of tendering and centralized procurement (national/regional/class-wide level), – cross-country cooperation in price negotiations, contracting or procurement, which is already occurring to some extent, such as the Vaccine Alliance (GAVI), the COVID-19 Vaccines Global Access (COVAX) initiative, the BeNeLuxA alliance in Europe, and the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), – shifting of the payment burden to US patients and access disruptions through co-pay accumulator and maximizer programs as well as alternative funding programs, – more aggressive formulary utilization management controls (including stepped therapy, strict prior authorization criteria, formulary exclusions) by US insurers and pharmacy benefits managers (PBMs), and – discriminatory and non-transparent pricing and procurement policies (e.g. government procurement restrictions, import bans) in favor of domestic pharmaceutical companies; • widespread use of health technology assessment (HTA) to inform coverage and reimbursement decisions: – more stringent evidence and value requirements (e.g. comparative effectiveness, patient preferences, real-word evidence, health economic modelling) by payers and HTA authorities, raising the bar for market entry, – unreasonable thresholds for cost-effectiveness, and – increasingly restrictive HTA decisions with significant variation across markets; • increased generic and biosimilar competition, accelerating price erosion: – next generation biosimilars coming to the market across major therapeutic areas, – potential savings from increased biosimilar use, expected to be a cumulative $285 billion globally through 2025 according to the IQVIA Institute, and – evolving regulatory landscapes to support interchangeability (e.g., in the US and EU) and pharmacy substitution (e.g. in the EU Nordic countries, Germany and France). In the United States, which accounted for 43.0% of our net sales in 2023, the IRA was enacted in August 2022. The law includes three core drug pricing provisions (Medicare negotiation, Part D redesign, and Medicare inflation penalties) with effective dates ranging from 2022 through 2026. The IRA legislation is likely to have a negative impact on industry revenue growth and future innovation. While significant uncertainties remain on the process and methods of Medicare negotiation, we anticipate exposure to the negotiation provision in the latter part of the decade, and in the case of DUPIXENT not before 2031. SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 5 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information Furthermore, we face increasing pricing pressure and gross-to-net (GTN) erosion from continuing vertical integration and consolidation of the US health insurance market. With the three largest pharmacy benefit manager group purchasing organizations (PBM GPOs) (i.e. Ascent, Zinc and Emisar) now covering over 85% of prescription drug claims, consolidation has led to increased utilization management and restrictive formularies, resulting in strong bargaining power to negotiate discounted prices, thereby adversely impacting our sales. There is also uncertainty about the potential impact of the continued growth of the federal 340B drug pricing program, among other risks. In China, pricing pressure is likely to intensify as a growing number of our products are subject to national reimbursement drug list (NRDL) price negotiations and national volume-based procurement (VBP) tenders, with the lowest prices prevailing to compete with local champions. At market entry, new drugs listed on the NRDL had an average price cut of 60% over the past five years. Further expansion of the VBP policy to biologics and biosimilars also poses a growing threat to our key established products, with over 500 drugs targeted for inclusion by 2025. In Europe, budget pressure remains high in the wake of Covid-19, translating into an acceleration of cost-containment policies in major EU markets. The industry is also facing high uncertainty in the context of the new pharmaceutical strategy in Europe, including numerous policy changes to the EU pharmaceutical legislation, HTA and joint procurement, among others. If passed, these reforms will likely create new challenges and risks for access, innovation and competitiveness in Europe, primarily because of the reductions in regulatory data protection (from eight to six years for all new drugs) and market exclusivity for orphan medicines. Our research and development efforts may not succeed in adequately renewing our product portfolio Discovering and developing a new product is a costly, lengthy and uncertain process. To be successful in the highly competitive pharmaceutical industry, we must commit substantial resources each year to research and development in order to develop new products to compensate for decreasing sales of products facing patent expiration and termination of regulatory data exclusivity, introduction of lower-priced generics, or competition from new products of competitors that are perceived as being superior or equivalent to our products. We must pursue both early-stage research and early and late development stages in order to propose a sustainable and well-balanced portfolio of products. In 2023, we spent €6,728 million on research and development, amounting to 15.6% of our net sales. As part of an update on our strategy, we announced in October 2023 our intent to increase our research and development investments. Failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic areas, product classes, geographic markets and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. We are pursuing our strategic transformation through R&D, including potential multi-indication assets such as amlitelimab, frexalimab and the oral TNFR1si, intended to address unmet patient needs in markets with low penetration of advanced therapies. We focus our R&D strategy on oncology, immunology and inflammation, multiple sclerosis, neurology, rare diseases and rare blood disorders. In 2021, Sanofi acquired Translate Bio to accelerate the deployment of mRNA technology for the development of new vaccines, including for seasonal influenza, and beyond vaccines, therapeutics where there is a strong unmet medical need. However, mRNA technology is still in its early days and the ability of this technology to produce strong results and safety still remains to be fully asserted. We may also fail to improve our development productivity sufficiently to sustain our pipeline (see also “— We may fail to successfully identify external business opportunities or realize the anticipated benefits from our strategic investments or divestments” below). Other new innovations under investigation, such as natural killer (NK) cells and conditionally activated biologics, raise similar uncertainties. In addition, the competitive landscape includes a high level of uncertainty as numerous companies are working on or may be evaluating similar targets and a product considered as promising at the beginning of its development may become less attractive if a competitor addressing the same unmet need reaches the market earlier. There can be no assurance that any of our product candidates will be proven safe or effective (see “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — B.4. Global research & development”). Over these research and development cycles, usually spanning several years, there is a substantial risk at each stage of development – including pre-clinical activities and clinical trials – that we will not achieve our goals of safety and/or efficacy and that we will have to abandon a product in which we have invested substantial amounts of money and human resources. For instance, in 2022 patient enrollment of Phase 3 tolebrutinib trials paused globally after a decision of the FDA regarding potential side effects. As another example, the global clinical development program of amcenestrant (breast cancer) was discontinued in August 2022 following the outcome of the prespecified interim analysis of a Phase 3 trial. More and more trials are designed with clinical endpoints of superiority; failure to achieve those endpoints could damage the product’s outlook and our overall development program. Decisions concerning the studies to be carried out can have a significant impact on the marketing strategy for a given product. Multiple in-depth studies can demonstrate that a product has additional benefits, facilitating the product’s marketing, but such studies are expensive and time consuming and may delay the product’s submission to regulatory authorities for approval. In addition, following (or in some cases contemporaneously with) the marketing authorization, the dossier is also submitted to governmental agencies and/or national or regional third-party payers (HTA bodies) for review. These HTA bodies evaluate evidence on the value of the new product, assess the medical need it serves, and provide recommendations on the corresponding reimbursement. Such analyses may require additional studies, including comparative studies, which may effectively delay marketing, change the population which the new product treats, and add costs to its development. Our continuous investments in research and development for future products and for the launches of newly registered molecules could therefore result in increased costs without a proportionate increase in revenues, which would negatively affect our operating results and profitability. 6 SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information Lastly, there can be no assurance that all the products approved or launched will achieve commercial success. In addition, even after a product reaches the market, certain developments following regulatory approval may decrease demand for our products. Clinical trials and post-marketing surveillance of certain marketed drugs have the potential to raise concerns among some prescribers and patients relating to the safety or efficacy of pharmaceutical products in general, which could negatively affect the sales of such products or lead to increased volatility in market reaction. Breaches of data security, disruptions of information technology systems and cyber threats could result in financial, legal, competitive, operational, business or reputational harm Our business depends heavily on the use of interdependent information technology systems, including Internet-based systems and digital tools. Certain key areas such as research and development, production and sales are to a large extent dependent on our information systems (including cloud-based computing) or those of third-party providers (including for the storage and transfer of critical, confidential, sensitive or personal information regarding our patients, clinical trials, vendors, customers, employees, collaborators and others). We are therefore vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks and incidents and misuse or manipulation of any of these IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information or the modification of critical data. We and our third-party service providers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors or other contracting third parties use, to the best of our ability, secure information technology systems for the protection of data and threat detection. Like many companies, we may experience certain of the following events which pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our sensitive data: breakdown, outages, service disruption or impairment, data loss or deterioration in the event of a system malfunction or increasing threat of data theft or corruption in the event of a cyber-attack, security breach, industrial espionage attacks, insider threat attacks, cybercrimes, including state- sponsored cybercrimes, malware, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events. Also, in the event of an attack, US and European legislation related to the financing of terrorism imposes increasing restrictions on payments of ransom. As a result, our ability to recover the data might be limited. Therefore, our business continuity could be at risk if we are unable to recover data through back-ups and restorations. We are increasingly using generative artificial intelligence to enhance our business processes. Although we have set up a governance body to control the artificial intelligence initiatives taken on a company-wide scale and have made a generative artificial intelligence charter available to all our employees, this new technology, like other artificial intelligence technology, entails risks linked to transparency and explainability, privacy and confidentiality, eco-responsibility, and cybersecurity. Those risks could lead to, among other things, unethical practices, business and reputational harm, cyber-attacks and security breaches (see "— We may fail to develop or take advantage of digitalization and prioritizing data as an organizational asset" below). Each of these events could negatively impact important processes, such as scientific research and clinical trials, the submission of outcomes to health authorities for marketing authorizations, the functioning of production processes and the supply chain, compliance with legal requirements, trade secrets, security strategies and other key activities, including Sanofi’s employees’ ability to communicate between themselves as well as with third parties (see also “— Product liability claims could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition” above). This could result in material financial, legal, competitive, operational, business or reputational harm. Although we maintain relevant insurance coverage, this insurance may not be sufficiently available in the future to cover the financial, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. For example, certain types of cyber-attacks could be considered as an Act of War subject to insurance exclusion. The manufacture of our products is technically complex, and supply interruptions, product recalls or inventory losses caused by unforeseen events may reduce sales, adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, delay the launch of new products and negatively impact our image Many of our products are manufactured using technically complex processes with production constraints, including the need for specialized facilities, trained and certified employees, and highly specific raw materials. We must ensure that all manufacturing processes comply with (i) current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), (ii) other applicable regulations issued by governmental health authorities around the world, as well as (iii) our own quality standards. Third parties supply us with a portion of our raw materials, active ingredients and medical devices, which exposes us to the risk of a supply shortage or interruption especially in the event that these suppliers are unable to manufacture our products in line with quality standards or if they experience financial difficulties. Epidemics and other public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, expose us to risks of a slowdown or temporary suspension in the production of our APIs, raw materials, and some of our products. Any prolonged restrictive measures put in place in order to control an outbreak of contagious disease or other adverse public health development, in any of our principal production sites, may have a material and adverse effect on our manufacturing operations. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition (see “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview — B.7. Production and raw materials” for a description of these outsourcing arrangements and “A failure in our crisis and business continuity management processes in case of unpredictable events could have negative consequences for our business, operations and reputation” below). Our business may require the transformation and adaptation of our plants in order to ensure the continuity of production of our products in sufficient quantities to satisfy demand. This may be necessary to meet the need for the production of new products, including biologics, or to ensure the scaling up production of products under development once approved. This need may also result from new regulatory requirements. Furthermore, our biological products, in particular, are subject to the risk of SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 7 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information manufacturing stoppages or the risk of loss of inventory because of the difficulties inherent in the processing of biological materials and the potential difficulties in accessing adequate amounts of raw materials meeting required standards. In addition, specific storage and distribution conditions are required for many biological products (for example, cold storage is required for certain vaccines, insulin-based products and some hemophilia products). These production difficulties may also be encountered during testing, which is a mandatory requirement prior to drug products being released. The complexity of our production processes, as well as standards required for the manufacture of our products, subject us to risks because the investigation and remediation of any identified or suspected problems can cause production delays, substantial expense, product recalls or lost sales and inventories, and delay the launch of new products; this could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, and cause reputational damage and the risk of product liability (see “— Product liability claims could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition” above). In addition, some of our production sites, and some of our suppliers’ and/or contractors’ sites, are located in areas exposed to natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes and hurricanes. Such disasters could be exacerbated by climate change. In the event of a major disaster, we could experience severe destruction or interruption of our operations and production capacity at these sites. When manufacturing disruptions occur, we may not have alternate manufacturing capacity, particularly for certain biologics. In the event of manufacturing disruptions, our ability to use backup facilities or set up new facilities is more limited because biologics are more complex to manufacture and generally require dedicated facilities. Even though we aim to have backup sources of supply whenever possible, including by manufacturing backup supplies of our principal active ingredients at additional facilities when practicable, we cannot be certain they will be sufficient if our principal sources become unavailable. Switching sources and manufacturing facilities requires significant time and prior approval by health authorities. Supply shortages generate even greater negative reactions when they occur with respect to life saving medicines with limited or no viable therapeutic alternatives. Shortages of specific products can have a negative impact on the confidence of patients, customers and professional healthcare providers and the image of Sanofi and may lead to lower product revenues. A substantial share of the revenue and income of Sanofi depends on the performance of certain flagship products As part of the presentation of our strategy in December 2019, we announced our intent to prioritize our activities on growth drivers including DUPIXENT and our Vaccines operations, which we have identified as key growth drivers. Nevertheless market expansion and new launches of medicines and vaccines may not deliver the expected benefits. We may also encounter failures or delays in our launch strategy (in terms of timing, pricing, market access, marketing efforts and dedicated sales forces), such that our products that may not deliver the expected benefits. The competitive environment for a given product may also have changed by the time of the actual launch, modifying our initial expectations. The need to prioritize the allocation of resources may also cause delays in or hamper the launch or expansion of some of our products. Also, we currently generate a substantial share of our net sales from certain key products (see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — A.2. Results of Operations — Year ended December 31, 2023 compared with year ended December 31, 2022 — A.2.1.3/Net Sales — Biopharma segment”). For example, DUPIXENT generated net sales of €10,715 million in 2023 representing 24.9% of our net sales for the year and is Sanofi’s biggest product in terms of sales. Among our flagship products, LANTUS, LOVENOX, PLAVIX and JEVTANA already face generic competition on the market. LANTUS is particularly important; it was one of Sanofi’s leading products in 2023 with net sales of €1,420 million. AUBAGIO, another leading product, has faced generic competition in the US since March 2023, following a settlement agreement entered into in 2017 and in Europe since the fourth quarter of 2023. More generally, an expiration of effective intellectual property protections for our products typically results in the market entry of one or more lower-priced generic competitors, often leading to a rapid and significant decline in revenues on those products (for information regarding ongoing patent litigation see Note D.22.b. to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18. of this annual report). The introduction of a generic product results in adverse price and volume effects for our branded or genericized products. For example, although we do not believe it is possible to state with certainty what level of net sales would have been achieved in the absence of generic competition, a comparison of our consolidated net sales for 2023 and 2022 for the main products affected by generic and biosimilar competition shows a loss of €651 million of net sales on a reported basis (see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — A.1.2. Impacts of Competition from generics and biosimilars”). However, other parameters may have contributed to the loss of sales, such as a fall in the average price of certain products (e.g., LANTUS). Furthermore, in general, if one or more of our flagship products were to encounter problems (such as material product liability litigation, unexpected side effects, product recalls, non-approval by the health authorities of a new indication for a marketed product, pricing pressure and manufacturing or supply issues), the adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition could be significant. We rely on third parties for the discovery, manufacture, marketing and distribution of some of our products Our industry is both highly collaborative and competitive, whether in the discovery and development of new products, in- licensing, the marketing and distribution of approved products, or manufacturing activities. We expect that we will continue to rely on third parties for key aspects of our business and we need to ensure our attractiveness as a potential partner. 8 SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information We conduct a number of significant research and development programs and market some of our products in collaboration with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. For example, we currently have a global strategic collaboration with Regeneron on monoclonal antibodies for the development and commercialization of DUPIXENT, KEVZARA (sarilumab) and SAR440340 (REGN3500- itepekimab) (see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects — A.1.7. Financial Presentation of Alliances — A.1.7.1/ Alliance Arrangements with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc.”). We rely upon Regeneron to successfully carry out their responsibilities with regard to the manufacture and supply of these collaboration antibodies. (see “Item 4. Information on the Company — B. Business Overview”). We may rely on partners to design and manufacture medical devices as well, notably for the administration of our products. Finally, we may also rely on partners for the development and commercialization of in-vitro diagnostic tests used in clinical trials and in-vitro diagnostic tests which are specified in the labeling of our products as necessary or useful for the management of patients taking our products. As regards products recently launched or under development for which we have a collaboration agreement with partners, the terms of the applicable alliance agreement may require us to share profits and losses arising from commercialization of such products with our partners. This differs from the treatment of revenue and costs generated by other products for which we have no alliance agreement, and such profit sharing may deliver a lower contribution to our financial results. We could also be subject to the risk that we may not properly manage the decision-making process with our partners. Decisions may be controlled by, or subject to the approval of our collaboration partners, who may have views that differ from ours. We are also subject to the risk that our partners may not perform effectively, which could have a detrimental effect when our collaboration partners are responsible for the performance of certain key tasks or functions, for example related to manufacturing or distribution. This risk is further increased by the growing number of distribution centers divested by Sanofi as part of its global strategy and by the resulting growing externalization of distribution tasks and functions. Any failures in the development process or differing priorities may adversely affect our business, including the activities conducted through our collaboration arrangements. We also cannot guarantee that third-party manufacturers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements, for internal reasons (e.g., in case of financial difficulties), reasons directly related to their contractual relationship with Sanofi, or external reasons (e.g., in the event of a health crisis). Thereby, following the completion of the spin-off of EUROAPI in May 2022, EUROAPI became a third-party manufacturer and continues to manufacture a certain number of APIs for Sanofi. We are also subject to the risk that contract research organizations or other vendors (for instance regarding digital activities) retained by us or our collaboration partners may not perform effectively. Any conflicts or difficulties with our partners during the course of these agreements or at the time of their renewal or renegotiation, or any disruption in the relationships with our partners, may affect the development, manufacturing, launch and/or marketing of certain of our products or product candidates and may cause a decline in our revenues or otherwise negatively affect our results of operations. We are subject to the risk of non-payment by our customers(1) We run the risk of delayed payments or even non-payment by our customers, which consist principally of wholesalers, distributors, pharmacies, hospitals, clinics and government agencies. This risk is accentuated by recent concentrations among distributors and retailers, as well as by uncertainties around global credit and economic conditions, in particular in emerging markets. As a result, we may be affected by fluctuations in the buying patterns of such customers. The United States poses particular customer credit risk issues because of the concentrated distribution system: our three main customers represented respectively 11%, 9% and 7% of our consolidated net sales in 2023. We are also exposed to large wholesalers in other markets, particularly in Europe. An inability of one or more of these wholesalers to honor their debts to us could adversely affect our financial condition (see Note D.34. to our consolidated financial statements included at Item 18. of this annual report). In some countries, some customers are public or subsidized health systems. The economic and credit conditions in these countries may lead to an increase in the average length of time needed to collect on accounts receivable. Global economic conditions and an unfavorable financial environment could have negative consequences for our business(2) Over the past several years, growth of the global pharmaceutical market has become increasingly tied to global economic growth. In this context, a substantial and lasting slowdown of the global economy, major national economies or emerging markets could negatively affect growth in the global pharmaceutical market and, as a result, adversely affect our business. For example, unpredictable political conditions that currently exist in various parts of the world could have a material negative impact on our business, in particular armed conflicts between Russia and Ukraine since 2022, and in Gaza following the terrorist attacks that occurred in Israel in October 2023. The consequences of those conflicts are difficult to predict and will depend on developments outside Sanofi’s control, including, but not limited to the duration and severity of the conflicts, and the consequences of the ongoing and additional financial and economic sanctions imposed by governments in response. Other related issues have arisen or are arising such as regional instability; geopolitical uncertainties; adverse effects on fuel and energy costs, supply chains, macroeconomic conditions, inflation, and currency exchange rates in various regions of the world; and exposure of third parties to gas shortages. Collectively, such unstable conditions could, among other things, disturb the international flow of goods and increase the costs and difficulties associated with international transactions. (1) The information in this section supplements the disclosures required under IFRS 7 as presented in Notes B.8.7., D.10. and D.34. to our consolidated financial statements, provided at Item 18. of this annual report. (2) The information in this section supplements the disclosures required under IFRS 7 as presented in Note B.8.7. to our consolidated financial statements, provided at Item 18. of this annual report. SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 9 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information Unfavorable economic conditions have reduced the sources of funding for national social security systems, leading to austerity measures including heightened pressure on drug prices, increased substitution of generic drugs, and the exclusion of certain products from formularies among others (see “— The pricing and reimbursement of our products is negatively affected by increasing cost containment pressures and decisions of governments and other third parties” above). Further, our net sales may be negatively impacted by the continuing challenging global economic environment, as high unemployment, increases in cost-sharing, and lack of developed third-party payer systems in certain regions may lead some patients to switch to generic products, delay treatments, skip doses or use other treatments to reduce their costs. In the United States there has been a significant increase in the number of beneficiaries in the Medicaid program, under which sales of pharmaceuticals are subject to substantial rebates and, in many US states, to formulary restrictions limiting access to brand- name drugs, including ours. Also, employers may seek to transfer a greater portion of healthcare costs to their employees due to rising costs, which could lead to further downward price pressure and/or lower demand. Our Consumer Healthcare (CHC) business could also be adversely impacted by difficult economic conditions, as the financial resources of our customers may be reduced as a result of the economic situation. If economic conditions worsen, or in the event of default or failure of major players including wholesalers or public sector buyers financed by insolvent states, our financial situation, the profitability and results of our operations and the distribution channels of our products may be adversely affected. See also “— We are subject to the risk of non-payment by our customers” above. A failure in our crisis and business continuity management processes in case of unpredictable events could have negative consequences for our business, operations and reputation Despite enhanced crisis preparedness and response, due in particular to recent crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine since February 2022, unpredictable and extraordinary internal or external events, or a combination of escalating events that may occur as a result of a large scale cyber-attack (see also “— Breaches of data security, disruptions of information technology systems and cyber threats could result in financial, legal, competitive, operational, business or reputational harm” above), a pandemic or natural disasters, which could result in the failure of critical processes within Sanofi or a third party on whom we rely. Such failure may adversely impact our business, operations and reputation. The occurrence of these unforeseen events may also heighten other risks such as a disruption or temporary suspension in production of APIs, raw materials and some of other products and/or lead to manufacturing delays or disruptions and supply chain interruptions (including to the extent those measures apply to our third-party suppliers) and may have an adverse effect on our business (see “— The manufacture of our products is technically complex, and supply interruptions, product recalls or inventory losses caused by unforeseen events may reduce sales, adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, delay the launch of new products and negatively impact our image” above). Also, a sudden increase in demand for selected medicinal products in the event of a crisis can result in short-term unavailability or shortages of raw materials. Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect our business and results of operations Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our operations, including an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as a hurricane, tornado, earthquake, wildfire or flooding, may pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt the operation of our supply chain. The impacts of the changing climate on water resources may result in water scarcity, limiting our ability to access sufficient high- quality water in certain locations, which may increase operational costs. For example, some of our facilities are located in certain areas in France where specific administrative prefectural orders have been issued to regulate the water consumption (e.g. prefectural order issued by the Préfet de la Gironde in April 2023 regarding requirements imposed on Sanofi for the operation of a drug manufacturing facility located in the city of Ambarès-et-Lagrave (i.e. implementation of specific water saving measures in the event of a period of drought)). Concern over climate change may also result in new or additional legal or regulatory requirements, designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. If such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory obligations (e.g. increased carbon taxation risk), we may experience disruption in, or an increase in the costs associated with sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. The increasing use of social media platforms and new technologies present risks and challenges for our business and reputation We increasingly rely on social media, new technologies and digital tools to communicate about our products and about diseases or to provide health services. The use of these media requires specific attention, monitoring programs and moderation of comments. Political and market pressures may be generated by social media because of rapid news cycles. This may result in commercial harm, overly restrictive regulatory actions and erratic share price performance. In addition, unauthorized communications, such as press releases or posts on social media, purported to be issued by Sanofi, may contain information that is false or otherwise damaging and could have an adverse impact on our image and reputation and on our stock price. Negative or inaccurate posts or comments about Sanofi, our business, directors or officers on any social networking website could seriously damage our reputation. In addition, our employees and partners may use social media and mobile technologies inappropriately, which may give rise to liability for Sanofi, or which could lead to breaches of data security, loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property or public disclosure of sensitive information. Such uses of social media and mobile technologies could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 10 SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information Risks relating to Sanofi’s structure and strategy We may fail to successfully identify external business opportunities or realize the anticipated benefits from our strategic investments or divestments We pursue a strategy of selective acquisitions, in-licensing and collaborations in order to reinforce our pipeline and portfolio. We are also proceeding to selective divestments to focus on key business areas. The implementation of this strategy depends on our ability to identify transaction opportunities, mobilize the appropriate resources in order to enter into agreements in a timely manner, and execute these transactions on acceptable economic terms. Moreover, entering into in-licensing or collaboration agreements generally requires the payment of significant “milestones” well before the relevant products reach the market, without any assurance that such investments will ultimately become profitable in the long term (see Note D.21.1. to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18. of this annual report and also “— We rely on third parties for the discovery, manufacture, marketing and distribution of some of our products” above). Once a strategic transaction is agreed upon with a third party, we may not be able to complete the transaction in a timely manner or at all. For newly acquired activities or businesses, our growth objectives could be delayed or ultimately not realized, and expected synergies could be adversely impacted if, for example: • we are unable to integrate those activities or businesses quickly or efficiently; • key employees leave; or • we have higher than anticipated integration costs. The Translate Bio acquisition (see in “— Our research and development efforts may not succeed in adequately renewing our product portfolio” above) which was completed in 2021 may not generate the expected results in terms of developing new mRNA-based products to meet existing or future needs, and the potential of Translate Bio’s mRNA platform may not be realized to its full extent or because of the difficulty of integrating the activity quickly and efficiently into the Group. We may also miscalculate the risks associated with business development transactions at the time they are made or may lack the resources or ability to access all the relevant information to evaluate such risks properly, including regarding the potential of research and development pipelines, manufacturing issues, tax or accounting issues, compliance issues, or the outcome of ongoing legal and other proceedings. It may also take a considerable amount of time and be difficult to implement a risk analysis and risk mitigation plan after the acquisition of an activity or business is completed due to lack of historical data. Acquired businesses may not always be in full compliance with legal, regulatory or Sanofi standards, including, for example, current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), which can be costly and time consuming to remedy. As a result, risk management and coverage of such risks, particularly through insurance policies, may prove to be insufficient or ill-adapted. With respect to divestments, their financial benefit could be impacted if we face significant financial claims or significant post- closing price adjustments. Furthermore, the value of the assets to be divested may deteriorate while we are in the process of executing our divestment strategy, with the risk that we do not realize the anticipated benefits. Because of the active competition among pharmaceutical groups for business development opportunities, there can be no assurance of our success in completing these transactions when such opportunities are identified. The globalization of our business exposes us to increased risks in specific areas As part of the presentation of our strategy in December 2019, we identified our strong presence in China among our core drivers, with revenue amounting to 6.8% of our net sales in 2023. Nevertheless, the difficulties in operating in emerging markets, a significant decline in the anticipated growth rate or an unfavorable movement of the exchange rates of currencies against the euro could impair our ability to take advantage of growth opportunities and could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. For instance, if a long-lasting epidemic and prolonged or repeated restrictive measures to control the outbreak were to result in an economic slowdown in any of our targeted markets, it would reduce our sales due to lower healthcare spending on other diseases and fewer promotional activities, and could significantly impact our business operations. Furthermore, it is not possible to predict if or how the current health crisis will impact any particular affected jurisdiction, or to what extent (see also “— Global economic conditions and an unfavorable financial environment could have negative consequences for our business” above). Emerging markets also expose us to more volatile economic conditions, political instability (including a backlash in certain areas against free trade), competition from multinational or locally based companies that are already well established in these markets, the inability to adequately respond to the unique characteristics of emerging markets (particularly with respect to their underdeveloped judicial systems and regulatory frameworks), difficulties in recruiting qualified personnel or maintaining the necessary internal control systems, potential exchange controls, weaker intellectual property protection, higher crime levels (particularly with respect to counterfeit products), and compliance issues including corruption and fraud (see particularly “— Claims and investigations relating to ethics and business integrity, competition law, marketing practices, pricing, human rights of workers, data protection and other legal matters could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition” above). SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 11 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information We may fail to develop or take advantage of digitalization and prioritizing data as an organizational asset We have undertaken several digital initiatives, such as the implementation of artificial intelligence across the business. For example, in research and development, we have built multiple artificial intelligence programs to reduce research times through improved predictive modelling and we seek to automate time-consuming activities, enabling research and development teams to scale and accelerate research processes and improve potential target identification in therapeutic areas such as immunology, oncology and neurology. In manufacturing and supply, we have developed an in-house artificial intelligence-enabled yield optimization solution, which enables consistently higher yield levels and optimizes usage of raw materials, contributing to our environmental objectives and supporting improved cost efficiency. Other examples include the opening in June 2022 of the Artificial Intelligence Centre of Excellence in Toronto, joining our global network of existing digital hubs in Paris, Boston, New York and Barcelona, which focuses on using leading technologies to develop world-class data and artificial intelligence products that accelerate research and development; the opening in March 2022 of our Accelerator, an internal unit that functions like a startup business within Sanofi to develop products and solutions that will support our mission to transform the practice of medicine with the use of digital, data and artificial intelligence; the Future4Care initiative of June 2021, where we joined a startup incubator along with other CAC40 companies to help nurture emerging leaders in health tech; or our enabled manufacturing facility in the US. Our success in these efforts will depend on many factors including data availability; technology architecture; entering into successful partnerships and alliances with technology companies; a profound transformation of the organization, including a cultural change among our employees and the development of relevant skills; attracting and retaining employees with appropriate skills and mindsets in a tight labor market; and successfully innovating across a variety of technology fields. The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated our digital transformation, including in the ways we engage and interact with our stakeholders. However, there is no guarantee that our efforts toward a digital transformation will succeed. More generally, we may fail to capture the benefits of digitalization and valuing data as an enterprise asset at an appropriate cost and/or in a timely manner, and/or enter into appropriate partnerships. Competitors, including new entrants such as tech companies, may outpace us in this fast-moving area. If we fail to adequately integrate digital capabilities into our organization and business model, we could lose patients and market share. This could have an adverse impact on our business, prospects and results of operations. The success of digital initiatives will also depend on our ability to shift our culture to a data-driven culture. This calls for clear accountability for data and a collectively owned operating model with supporting tools and competencies to manage data as an asset, and for the definition of a robust life-cycle management process for data that is applied consistently across Sanofi. Good overall management of data supports our overall operations and the delivery of exponential capabilities, including artificial intelligence and machine learning to fulfil our innovation and efficiency ambitions. Failure to do so could result in business, operational and financial harm. We may fail to accelerate our operational efficiency and perform our transformation program As part of the presentation of the next chapter of our Play to Win strategy in October 2023, we announced our intent to improve our operating efficiencies to fund growth. We also announced savings of a total of up to €2 billion from 2024 to the end of 2025, most of which will be reallocated to fund innovation and growth drivers. We further announced our intent to separate the CHC business in the fourth quarter of 2024 at the earliest, most likely via the creation of a publicly listed entity headquartered in France. To deploy our strategy, we must also disrupt our normal course of business and transform our operations. Nevertheless, we may not succeed in federating employees behind the transformation program, which may hamper our ability to execute such organizational changes. Besides, there is no guarantee that we will be able to fully deliver these operating efficiencies or separate the CHC business within the targeted timeline, or at all, or generate the expected benefits. Unsuccessful management of sustainability (environmental, social and governance) matters could adversely affect our reputation and we may experience difficulties to meet the expectations of our stakeholders Companies are increasingly expected to behave in a responsible manner on a variety of sustainability matters, by governmental and regulatory authorities, counterparties such as vendors and suppliers, customers, investors, the public at large and others. This context, driven in part by a rapidly changing regulatory framework in the US and in Europe, is raising new challenges and influencing strategic decisions that companies must take if they wish to optimize their positive impact and mitigate their negative impact on sustainability matters. We have adopted a sustainability strategy that aims at ensuring global access and affordability, addressing unmet needs with transformative therapies, and minimizing the impact of our activities and products on the climate and the environment. The strategy includes leveraging our personnel’s experience and making societal impact a key driver of our employees’ engagement. However, despite our strong commitment we could be unable to meet our sustainability or other strategic objectives in an efficient and timely manner, or at all. We may also be unable to meet the ever more demanding criteria used by rating agencies in their sustainability assessments process, leading to a downgrading in our rating. Financial investments in companies which perform well in sustainability assessments are increasingly popular, and major institutional investors have made known their interest in investing in such companies. Depending on sustainability assessments and on the rapidly changing views on acceptable levels of action across a range of sustainability topics from investors, we may be unable to meet society’s or investors’ expectations, our reputation may be harmed, we may face increased compliance or other costs and demand for securities issued by us and our ability to participate in the debt and equity markets may decrease. 12 SANOFI FORM 20-F 2023 PART I ITEM 3. Key Information Our success depends in part on our senior management team and other key employees and our ability to attract, integrate and retain key personnel and qualified individuals in the face of intense competition Our success depends on the expertise of our senior management team and other key employees. In 2023, there were 2,264 “Senior Leaders” within Sanofi. In addition, we rely heavily on recruiting and retaining talented people to help us meet our strategic objectives. We face intense competition for qualified individuals for senior management positions, or in specific geographic regions or in specialized fields such as clinical development, biosciences and devices, or digital and artificial intelligence. Our ability to hire qualified personnel also depends in part on our ability to reward performance, incentivize our employees and pay competitive compensation. The inability to attract, integrate and/or retain highly skilled personnel, in particular those in leadership positions, may weaken our succession plans, may materially adversely affect the implementation of our strategy and our ability to meet our strategic objectives, and could ultimately adversely impact our business or results of operations. Environmental and safety risks of our industrial activities Risks from manufacturing activities and the handling of hazardous materials could adversely affect our results of operations and reputation Manufacturing activities, such as the chemical manufacturing of the active ingredients in our products and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and waste, expose us to risks of industrial accidents that may lead to discharges or releases of toxic or pathogenic substances or other events that can cause personal injury, property damage and environmental contamination, and may result in additional operational constraints, including the shutdown of affected facilities and/or the imposition of civil, administrative, criminal penalties and/or civil damages, and affect Sanofi’s reputation. The occurrence of an industrial accident may significantly reduce the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility and adversely affect our operating results and reputation. Although we maintain property damage, business interruption and casualty insurance that we believe is in accordance with customary industry practices, this insurance ma
