Table of Contents Risk Factors Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our ADRs and ordinary shares. Economic, Political, Social, and Regulatory Risks Global Economic and Political Environment: Uncertainty in the global economy and/or financial markets, and social and political instability caused by state-based conflicts, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, war, or international hostilities could lead to disruptions in our business. As a global company, we are influenced by multiple external factors that are difficult to predict, may develop quickly, and are beyond our influence and control. These include, among others: crises affecting credit or liquidity markets; regional or global recessions; sharp fluctuations in commodity prices, currency exchange rates or interest rates; inflation or deflation; sovereign debt and bank debt rating downgrades; restructurings or defaults; adverse geopolitical events (such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the Israel - Hamas conflict); rising military tensions around the world (such as the China-Taiwan tensions) and in particular within Europe s borders; global policy including in the United States, the European Union (EU), Russia, and China; and global pandemic diseases such as COVID-19. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, competitive or financial position, profit, and cash flows. International Laws and Regulations: Laws, regulatory requirements and standards in Germany, the United States, and elsewhere continue to be very stringent. Our international business activities and processes expose us to numerous and often conflicting laws and regulations, policies, standards, or other requirements, and sometimes even conflicting regulatory requirements. The SAP Group has a global presence and operates in most countries of the world. As a European company domiciled in Germany with securities listed in Germany and the United States, we are subject to European, German, U.S., and other governance-related regulatory requirements of the countries we operate in. Our business is subject to numerous risks inherent to international business operations and associated consequences, such as changes in tax laws, changes in external reporting standards, and the interpretation of the complex tax rules in certain countries, including but not limited to conflict and overlap among tax regimes as well as the introduction of new tax concepts that harm digitalized business models; discriminatory, protectionist, or conflicting fiscal policies and tax laws; import and export regulations and trade sanctions; counter or even conflicting sanctions; embargoes, including but not limited to country-specific software certification requirements; and newly emerging cybersecurity and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) compliance and disclosure laws. As we expand into new countries and markets or extend our business activities in these markets, including emerging and high-risk markets, these risks could intensify. The application of the respective local laws and regulations to our business is sometimes unclear, subject to change over time, and often conflicting among jurisdictions. Additionally, these laws and government approaches to enforcement continue to change and evolve, just as our products and services continually evolve. Compliance with these varying laws and regulations (including, and in particular, global anti-trust regulations) could involve significant costs or require changes in our products or business practices. Non-compliance could result in the imposition of penalties or cessation of orders due to alleged non-compliant activity. Governmental authorities could use considerable discretion in applying these statutes and any imposition of sanctions against us could be material. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our operations globally or in one or more countries or regions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Legal and IP: Claims and lawsuits against us, such as for IP infringements or breaches of contract, or our inability to obtain or maintain adequate licenses for third-party technology, or if we are unable to protect or enforce our own intellectual property, may result in adverse outcomes. We have in the past, and believe that we will continue to be, subject to claims and lawsuits, including intellectual property infringement claims, as our solution portfolio grows; as we acquire companies with increased use of third-party code including open source code; as we expand into new industries with our offerings, resulting in greater overlap in the functional scope of offerings; and as non-practicing entities that do not design, manufacture, or distribute products assert intellectual property infringement claims. Also, we have been in the past, and believe that we may continue to be in the future, subject to claims and lawsuits alleging competition and antitrust law violations. Such allegations, for example, often arise from competitors and third parties claiming broad access rights to SAP data. Moreover, protecting and defending our intellectual property is crucial to our success. The outcome of litigation and other claims or lawsuits is intrinsically uncertain. 17 Table of Contents We are subject to risks and associated consequences in the following areas, among others: data access and other antitrust-based claims, for example alleged lock-in effects, dependency in the aggregate on third-party technology, including cloud and Web services, that we embed in our products or that we resell to our customers; integration of open source software components from third parties into our software and the implications derived from it; inability to prevent third parties from obtaining, using, or selling without authorization what we regard as our proprietary technology and information; and the possibility that third parties might reverse-engineer or otherwise obtain and use technology and information that we regard as proprietary. Moreover, the laws and courts of certain countries might not offer effective means for us to enforce our legal or intellectual property rights and successfully defend allegations. Finally, SAP might face significant adverse rulings in commercial disputes or might not be able to collect or otherwise enforce all judgments awarded to it in legal proceedings. The outcome of litigation and other claims or lawsuits is intrinsically uncertain. Management s view of the litigation might also change in the future. Actual outcomes of litigation and other claims or lawsuits could differ from the assessments made by management in prior periods, which are the basis for our accounting for these litigations and claims under IFRS. Data Protection and Privacy: Non-compliance with increasingly complex and stringent, sometimes even conflicting, applicable data protection and privacy laws, or failure to meet the contractual requirements of SAP s customers with respect to our products and services, could lead to civil liabilities and fines, as well as loss of customers. As a global software and service provider, SAP is required to comply with local laws wherever it does business. One of the relevant European data protection laws is the General Data Protection Regulation. International data transfers to third countries that do not provide an adequate level of data protection require additional safeguards, including transfer risk assessments, to justify a transfer from the EU to a third country under the applicable EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC). In addition, other countries establish safeguards to justify data transfers to further countries, by implementing their own standard contractual clauses. Examples include T rkiye s Personal Data Protection Law, China s Personal Information Protection Law, and Saudi Arabia s Personal Data Protection Law, which also imposes requirements regarding data localization. Furthermore, data protection and privacy laws, regulations, and other standards around the world are evolving to better protect individuals personal information, particularly in marketing activities and tracking of online behavior. This may impose additional burdens for SAP due to increasing compliance standards that could restrict the use and adoption of SAP s products and services (particularly cloud services) and make it more challenging and complex to meet customer expectations. These changing criteria also impact the compliant use of new technology, such as machine learning and Artificial Intelligence for product development and deployment of intelligent applications. Non-compliance with applicable data protection and privacy laws by SAP or any of the subprocessors engaged by SAP while processing personal data could lead to risks. These include, among others: mandatory disclosure of breaches to affected individuals, customers, and data protection supervisory authorities; investigations and administrative measures by data protection supervisory authorities, such as the instruction to alter or stop non-compliant data processing activities, including the instruction to stop using non-compliant subprocessors; or the possibility of damage claims by customers and individuals, contract terminations, and potential fines. In addition, the German Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution and security industry experts continue to warn of risks related to a globally growing number of cybersecurity attacks aimed at obtaining or violating company data including personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial performance, competitive or financial position, revenue, profit, and cash flows. Corporate Governance and Compliance Risks Ethical Behavior: Our global business exposes us to risks related to unethical behavior and non-compliance with policies by employees, other individuals, partners, third parties, or entities associated with SAP. SAP s leadership position in the global market is founded on the long-term and sustainable trust of our stakeholders worldwide. Our overarching approach is one of corporate transparency, open communication with financial markets, regulators, and authorities, and adherence to recognized standards of business integrity. This commitment to recognized standards of business integrity is formalized in SAP s Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct (CoEBC) and supporting policies and guidelines. Risks and associated consequences to which SAP is subject include: non-compliance with policies; violation of compliance-related rules, regulations, and legal requirements including, but not limited to, antitrust, anticorruption, and antibribery legislation in Germany, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, and other applicable laws; collusion with external third parties; fraud and corruption; public sector transactions in territories exposed to a high risk of corruption; or increased exposure and impact on business activities in highly regulated industries, all of which may lead to civil or criminal charges, fines, or claims by affected parties as well as reputational damage. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, competitive or financial position, profit, or cash flows. In 2025, SAP continued to strengthen its compliance program and related internal controls in accordance with regulatory expectations and requirements. Operational Business Risks Sales and Services: Sales and implementation of SAP software and services, including cloud, are subject to several significant risks sometimes beyond our direct control. A core element of our business is the successful implementation of software and service solutions. The implementation of SAP software and cloud-based service deliveries is led by SAP, by partners, by customers, or by a combination thereof. 18 Table of Contents We are subject to risks and associated consequences in the following areas, among others: implementation risks caused by insufficient or incorrect information provided by customers, insufficient customer expectation management, including scope, integration capabilities and aspects, and a lack of purposeful selection, implementation, or utilization of SAP solutions; a lack of customer commitments and respective engagements; challenges to achieve a seamlessly integrated, sufficiently automated and aligned service delivery; unrenderable services committed during the sales stage; inadequate contracting and consumption models based on subscription models for services, support, and application management; deviations from standard terms and conditions; or statements concerning solution developments that might be misperceived by customers as commitments on future software functionalities. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, competitive or financial position, profit, and cash flows. Partner Ecosystem: If we are unable to scale, maintain, and enhance an effective partner ecosystem, revenue might not increase as expected. An open and vibrant partner ecosystem is a fundamental pillar of our success and growth strategy. We have entered into partnership agreements that drive co-innovation on our platforms, profitably expand our routes to market to optimize market coverage, optimize cloud delivery, and provide high-quality services capacity in all market segments. Partners play a key role in driving market adoption of our entire solutions portfolio, by co-innovating on our platforms, embedding our technology, and reselling or implementing our software. We are subject to risks and associated consequences in the following areas, among others: failure to establish and enable a network of qualified and fully committed partners; failure of partners to develop sufficient innovative solutions and content on our platforms or to provide high-quality products or services to meet customer expectations; failure of partners to embed our solutions sufficiently enough to profitably drive product adoption; failure of partners to adhere to applicable legal and compliance regulations; failure of partners to transform their business model in accordance with the transformation of SAP s business model in a timely manner; and failure of partners to comply with contract terms in embargoed or high-risk countries. If any of these risks materialize, this might adversely affect the demand for our products and services as well as the partner s loyalty and ability to deliver. As a result, we might not be able to scale our business to compete successfully with other vendors, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, competitive or financial position, profit, and cash flows. Cloud Operations: We may not be able to properly protect and safeguard our critical information and assets, business operations, cloud offerings and portfolio presentation, and related infrastructure against cyberattacks, insufficient infrastructure, disruption, or deficient performance. SAP is highly dependent on the availability, integrity, and reliability of our infrastructure, including infrastructure provided by third-party business partners, and the software used in our cloud portfolio is inherently complex. Customers using our cloud services rely on the security of our infrastructure to protect the availability of our services and the data that they store on our infrastructure. Threat actors are focused on attacking third-party product and service providers, such as SAP, as a means of compromising our and our downstream customers systems and data. We are subject to risks and associated consequences in the following areas, among others: the cloud portfolio or strategic direction of cloud operations may not fully meet customer demands; customers cloud service demands may not match our data center capacity or control investments; capacity shortages could affect SAP s ability to deliver and operate cloud services as expected by or committed to our customers; scalability demands on infrastructure and operation could lead to cost increases and margin impacts; hyperscaler or infrastructure instabilities and the lack of availability or comprehensive contractual agreements could lead to challenges in meeting service level agreement (SLA) commitments; we might lack sufficient future skills for delivering and operating hybrid environments; we might lack the automation, standardization, and tools to manage and optimize operations and infrastructure; local legal requirements or changes to data sovereignty may lead to customers relocating their landscapes to a different data center; the loss of the right to use hardware purchased or leased from third parties could affect our ability to provide our cloud applications; disruptions to SAP s cloud applications portfolio (such as system outages or downtimes, SAP network failure due to human or other errors, security breaches, or variability in user traffic for cloud applications) could affect customer SLAs; hardware failures or system errors might result in data loss or corruption; partner co-location of data centers might not adhere to our quality standards; or we might not comply with applicable certification requirements, such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, competitive or financial position, profit, and cash flows. 19 Table of Contents Cybersecurity and Security: Cybersecurity attacks or breaches, and security vulnerabilities in our infrastructure or services or those of our third-party partners could materially impact our business operations, products, and service delivery. SAP delivers a full portfolio of solutions, hosts or manages elements of our customers businesses in the cloud, processes large amounts of data, and provides mobile solutions to users either directly or through partners and other third parties. This frequently involves incorporating third-party data, products, and services into SAP products and services. SAP operates complex cloud services across diverse architectures, with services implemented through SAP s own cloud and data centers as well as through hyperscalers. Our industry contends with a complex and evolving cybersecurity landscape, facing increasingly sophisticated attacks that can leverage AI and cloud scale or exploit known and unknown zero-day security vulnerabilities in our or our customers systems or software. These cybersecurity threats can arise from our or our customers failure to patch such vulnerabilities in a timely or effective manner. Geopolitical tensions can exacerbate such threats, and hybrid warfare between nation states can include cybersecurity attacks on private companies, targeting IT products, businesses, and the supply chain. Like many companies, SAP and certain of our third-party partners have experienced and expect to continue to experience cyberattacks and other security incidents that could affect our business. However, we are not aware of any such incidents that have had a material impact on our business. When we become aware of unauthorized access to our systems or those of our third-party partners, we have action plans in place intended to identify and remediate the source and impact of such events. The scanning tools we deploy across our networks and products regularly identify and track security vulnerabilities, which are prioritized based on known and anticipated risks, and our remediation activities aim to patch vulnerabilities within the designated timeframes. While we have implemented patch management processes, we may be unable to comprehensively apply patches, or to confirm that mitigating measures address all vulnerabilities or that patches will be applied before exploitation by threat actors. Vulnerabilities may persist if customers do not apply patches, update systems, or authorize the service downtime required for patching by SAP. If attackers can exploit vulnerabilities before patches are installed or mitigating measures are implemented, significant compromises could impact our and our customers systems and data. We could also experience material exposure to our business operations and service delivery due to disruptions in backups, in disaster recovery processes, or in business-continuity management processes, or as the result of malicious or inadvertent actions by employees, contractors, or other parties. Security threats may also exist due to delayed or insufficient responses to identified issues or other interdependencies such as cloud service providers and those threats beyond SAP s cybersecurity infrastructure and protocols. SAP and/or its partners may have inadequate security controls or insufficient compliance with existing controls, which could impact SAP s and/or its partners ability to comply with applicable regulations and customer requirements. SAP and/or its partners could unknowingly introduce security threats and vulnerabilities if they have not established relevant security evaluation processes. Failure to integrate or maintain SAP s cybersecurity framework and protocols with network systems obtained through acquisitions could also introduce cybersecurity vulnerabilities. Technology and Products: Our technology and products may experience undetected defects, coding or configuration errors, may not integrate as expected, or may not meet customer expectations. We are subject to risks and associated consequences in the following areas, among others: failure of software products and services to fully meet market needs or customer expectations; failure of software products and services from acquired companies to fully comply with SAP quality standards; failure of new products, services, and cloud offerings, including third-party technologies, to comply with local standards and requirements; the possibility that new products, services, and cloud offerings or subsequent versions and updates to existing products, services, and cloud offerings might contain defects or security vulnerabilities, or might not be mature enough from the customer s point of view for business-critical solutions, or might not be sufficiently secure after release or shipment despite all the due diligence SAP puts into quality; inability of algorithms to correctly adapt to evolving circumstances, which may lead to adverse decision-making processes in the context of AI-related technologies; and the inability to fulfil expectations of customers regarding time and quality in the defect resolution process. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, competitive or financial position, profit, and cash flows. 20 Table of Contents Strategic Risks Market Share and Profit: Our market share and profit could decline due to increased competition, market consolidation, technological innovation, and new business models in the software industry. The market for cloud computing is increasingly competitive and is exhibiting strong growth relative to the market for on-premise solutions. To maintain or improve our operating results in the cloud business, it is important that we not only attract new customers but also that our existing customers renew their agreements with us when the initial contract term expires and purchase additional modules or additional capacity. Additionally, we need to bring innovations to the market in line with the demands of our ecosystem and ahead of our competitors, such as solutions to support new data-driven applications and the extension of our suite of intelligent technologies based on SAP Business Technology Platform (SAP BTP). We are subject to risks and associated consequences in the following areas, among others: inability to deliver fully suitable solution and transformation services to our customers on the cloud transformation journey, both in cloud-only and hybrid scenarios; inability to successfully execute on our hyperscaler strategy; adverse, near-term revenue effects due to increasing cloud business and conversions from on-premise licenses to cloud subscriptions from existing SAP customers, which could have an adverse effect on related maintenance and services revenue; insufficient solution and service adoption together with increased complexity, as well as failures during the execution of our corporate strategy in the context of our portfolio for solutions and services, which could lead to a loss of SAP s position as a leading cloud company and subsequently to reduced customer adoption; customers and partners being reluctant or unwilling to migrate and adapt to the cloud; customers considering cloud offerings from our competitors; strategic alliances among competitors; price pressure, cost increases, and loss of market share through traditional, new, and cooperating competitors and hyperscalers; and the inability to achieve the planned margin increase in time as planned. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, competitive or financial position, profit, and cash flows. Mergers and Acquisitions: We might not acquire, integrate, or divest companies or their components effectively or successfully. To expand and consolidate our business, we acquire and divest businesses, products, and technologies, and we expect to continue doing so in the future. Over time, some of these acquisitions have increased in size and in strategic importance for SAP. Management negotiation of potential acquisitions and divestures and the integration and carve-out of acquired businesses, products, or technologies demands time, focus, and resources of both management and the workforce, and exposes us to unpredictable operational difficulties. We are subject to risks and associated consequences in the following areas, among others: incorrect information or assumptions during the due diligence process for acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions; failure to integrate acquired technologies or solutions successfully and profitably into SAP s solution portfolio and strategy; failure to successfully integrate acquired entities and their operations; failure to fulfill the needs of the acquired company s customers or partners; failure to implement, restore, or maintain internal controls, disclosure controls, and procedures and policies within acquired companies; debt incurrence or significant unexpected cash expenditures; impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired in business combinations; and failure of acquired companies to comply with regulatory requirements. We have in the past, and may in the future, choose to divest certain entities, businesses, or product lines. We may have difficulty obtaining terms acceptable to us. Additionally, we may have difficulty carving out portions of or entire businesses, we may incur a loss of revenue or experience a negative impact on margins, or we may not achieve the desired strategic and financial benefits. Such potential transactions may also delay achievement of our strategic objectives, cause us to incur additional expenses, disrupt customer, partner, and employee relationships, and may expose us to unanticipated or ongoing obligations and liabilities, including because of indemnification obligations. Further, during the pendency of a divestiture, we may be subject to risks such as a decline in the business to be divested, a loss of employees, customers, or suppliers, and the risk that the transaction may not close, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the business to be divested as well as our retained business. If a divestiture is not completed for any reason, we may not be able to find another buyer on the same terms, and we may have incurred significant costs without the corresponding benefit. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, competitive or financial position, profit, and cash flows. Innovation: We might not be able to compete effectively if we strategize our solution portfolio ineffectively or if we are unable to keep up with rapid technological and product innovations, enhancements, new business models, and changing market expectations. Our future success depends on our ability to keep pace with technological and process innovations and new business models, as well as on our ability to develop new products and services, enhance and expand our existing products and services portfolio, and integrate products and services we obtain through acquisitions. To be successful, we are required to adapt our products and our go-to-market approach to a cloud-based delivery and consumption model so as to satisfy increasing customer demand and to ensure an appropriate level of adoption, customer satisfaction, and retention. We are subject to risks and associated consequences in the following areas, among others: inability to develop and sell new cloud products spanning various organizations on time and in line with market demands due to complexity in heterogeneous technical environments; inability to anticipate and develop technological improvements or succeed in adapting SAP products, services, processes, and business models to technological change, changing regulatory requirements, or emerging industry standards; a change in requirements of our customers and partners to strengthen the Intelligent Enterprise strategy; the possibility that our product and technology strategy might not be successful, or that our customers and partners might not adopt our technology platforms, applications, or cloud services quickly enough, or that they might consider other competing solutions in the market, or that they may leverage AI to produce their own solutions, or that our strategy might not match customers expectations and needs, specifically in the context of expanding the product portfolio into additional markets. 21 Table of Contents We are integrating AI into several of our products, including our suite of enterprise applications and SAP BTP, and we expect our use of AI across our portfolio to continue to grow. As with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption and therefore our business. AI algorithms or training methodologies may be flawed. Data sets may be overbroad, insufficient, or contain biased information. Content generated by AI systems may be offensive, illegal, or otherwise harmful. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by SAP or our partners could result in incidents that impair the acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals, customers, or society, or result in our products and services not working as intended. Human review of certain outputs may be required, which could introduce error or inefficiencies to the intended use of our AI-enabled offerings. As a result of these and other challenges associated with innovative technologies, our implementation of AI systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. There is significant uncertainty surrounding the applications of intellectual property and privacy laws to AI technology. Intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, surrounding AI technology have not been fully addressed by courts or other laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, and our use of AI technology or integration of AI technology into our products and services may result in disputes with respect to ownership or intellectual property, or exposure to claims of copyright or other intellectual property misappropriation. In addition, our AI technology may involve the processing of personal and other sensitive data and may be subject to laws, policies, legal obligations, and contractual requirements related to privacy, data protection, and information security. Various privacy laws extend rights to consumers (such as the right to obtain consent or delete certain personal data) and regulate automated decision making. An alleged or actual failure to meet these obligations may lead to regulatory investigations and fines or penalties may require us to change our business practices or retrain our algorithms or may prevent or limit our use of AI technology. It is also possible that we are held liable for intellectual property, privacy, or other legal violations of third-party AI technology that we use, and that we may not have full recourse for any damages that we suffer (for example, our use of third-party AI technology may be subject to limitations of liability or provide no liability coverage). In addition, some AI scenarios present ethical issues or may have broad impacts on society, and there can be no assurance that our Global AI Ethics Policy or similar policies and procedures will be sufficient to address such issues. If we enable or offer AI solutions that have unintended consequences, unintended usage or customization by our customers and partners, or are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, we may experience reputational harm, adversely affecting our business and consolidated financial statements. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, competitive or financial position, profit, and cash flows. ITEM 4. INFORMATION ABOUT SAP Our legal corporate name is SAP SE. SAP SE is translated in English to SAP European Company (Societas Europaea, or SE ). SAP SE is organized in the Federal Republic of Germany under German and European law, see Item 10. Additional Information . Where the context requires in the discussion below, SAP SE also refers to our predecessor or previous legal forms and names, as the case may be, i.e. Systemanalyse und Programmentwicklung GbR (1972-1976), SAP Systeme, Anwendungen, Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung GmbH (1976-1988), SAP Aktiengesellschaft Systeme, Anwendungen, Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung (1988 2005) and SAP AG (2005 2014). Our principal executive offices, headquarters and registered office are located at Dietmar-Hopp-Allee 16, 69190 Walldorf, Germany. Our telephone number is +49-6227-7-47474. For (i) a description of our principal capital expenditures and divestitures and the amount invested (including interests in other companies) since January 1, 2025 until the date of this report and (ii) information concerning our principal capital expenditures and divestitures currently in progress, including the distribution of these investments geographically and the method of financing, see Item 4. Information About SAP Description of Property . 22 Table of Contents The following table sets forth our most significant subsidiaries based on total revenues of SAP group in 2025. All of these subsidiaries are wholly owned or controlled by SAP SE. Name of Subsidiary Country of Incorporation Germany SAP Deutschland SE & Co. KG, Walldorf Germany Rest of EMEA Concur Holdings (Netherlands) B.V., s-Hertogenbosch The Netherlands SAP (Schweiz) AG, Biel Switzerland SAP (UK) Limited, Feltham United Kingdom SAP Belgium Systems, Applications and Products S.A., Brussels Belgium SAP Espa a Sistemas, Aplicaciones y Productos en la Inform tica, S.A., Madrid Spain SAP France, Levallois Perret France SAP Italia Sistemi Applicazioni Prodotti in Data Processing S.p.A., Vimercate Italy SAP Nederland B.V., s-Hertogenbosch The Netherlands SAP sterreich GmbH, Vienna Austria United States Ariba, Inc., Palo Alto USA Concur Technologies, Inc., Bellevue USA SAP America, Inc., Newtown Square USA SAP Industries, Inc., Newtown Square USA SAP National Security Services, Inc., Newtown Square USA Rest of Americas SAP Brasil Ltda., S o Paulo Brazil SAP Canada, Inc., Toronto Canada SAP M xico S.A. de C.V., Mexico City Mexico Japan SAP Japan Co., Ltd., Tokyo Japan Rest of APJ SAP Australia Pty Ltd., Sydney Australia SAP China Co., Ltd., Shanghai China SAP India Private Limited, Bengaluru India 23 Table of Contents Strategy and Business Model Overview of SAP Founded in 1972, SAP is a global company headquartered in Walldorf, Germany. Our legal corporate name is SAP SE. For over 50 years, organizations have trusted SAP to bring out their best by uniting business-critical operations spanning finance, procurement, HR, supply chain, customer experience, and others. Today, the Company s integrated applications aim to connect all parts of a business into an intelligent suite on a fully digital platform in the cloud, thereby replacing the process-driven legacy platform. The SAP Group has a global presence and employed more than 110,000 people as at December 31, 2025. Our ordinary shares are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) representing SAP SE ordinary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). SAP is a member of Germany s DAX and TecDAX. Throughout 2025, SAP was among the most valuable companies on the DAX, and in Europe, based on market capitalization. Our Purpose At SAP, we remain steadfast in our purpose to help the world run better and improve people s lives. Together with our customers, we not only rise to meet today s challenges, but we are also shaping the future by empowering each other to continuously improve and deliver better outcomes. We believe that progress depends on people and systems working together, and that technology is essential in addressing the most profound economic, environmental, and social challenges. Software and analytics help predict and prevent disasters, make cities smarter, and foster equity in the workplace. By leveraging innovative tools and business models, we help everyone in the SAP ecosystem make business decisions that have a lasting impact. We recognize our role in minimizing carbon footprints, promoting human rights, and turning sustainability into a competitive advantage by combining applications, data, and AI into a single intelligent system. We are committed to providing AI solutions that are integral to our customers most critical business processes, and aim to ensure that these solutions are relevant, reliable, and responsible. Our solutions are designed to help anticipate risks and avert crises, enable smarter cities, and foster a world built on inclusion and equity. Together, we aim to bring out the best in the world around us. Our Vision Our vision of bringing out the best in every business reflects our commitment to transform organizations globally. Our commitment to this vision is based on three pillars: Transform Your Business at Scale with AI To stay competitive in a rapidly changing political, socioeconomic, and technological landscape, businesses need to continuously transform at scale. We help our customers drive end-to-end business transformation powered by AI. By creating one harmonized data layer and embedding AI-driven intelligence into core processes, our SAP Business Suite unlocks new pathways to organizational innovation and excellence to enhance agility and drive scalable growth. Achieve More Across the Value Chain We help companies leverage collective intelligence to become efficient, resilient, and agile across their entire value chain. By embedding AI and connecting end-to-end business processes from finance to supply chains, and human resources to customer relations we fuel efficient growth throughout their business networks. Our solutions aim to go beyond internal systems: they link businesses across enterprises and, by digitalizing transactions, foster transparent, resilient, and sustainable value chains. Innovate Sustainably and with Confidence Companies are looking to innovate without compromising ethical and security standards while pursuing sustainable business success. We help our customers innovate by embedding security and simple, transparent compliance controls into solutions, enabling them to decide where their data resides and who can access it. By connecting applications, data, and AI, we help companies drive sustainable action and measurable impact. At SAP, our journey is one of continuous innovation and transformation. We are committed to delivering solutions that integrate seamlessly, evolve alongside our customers, and are ready to grow with their ambitions. 24 Table of Contents Our Business Model 7 Our business model, through which we implement our vision and strategy, can be summarized as follows: We create value by first identifying the business needs of our customers and then developing and delivering a portfolio of cloud solutions, services, and support that address these needs. We strive to continuously improve our solutions, identify further business needs, and deliver enhanced value to our customers. We derive revenue from fees charged to our customers for subscriptions to use our cloud solutions. Software licenses, on-premise support, consulting, development, training, and other services also contribute significant revenue. For an overview of our product portfolio, see the Our Product Strategy section. Subsidiaries, Acquisitions, and Joint Ventures Subsidiaries SAP SE is the ultimate parent company of the SAP Group. As at December 31, 2025, the SAP Group comprised 216 companies. For a list of our subsidiaries, associates, and other equity investments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note (G.9) . Material Acquisitions We continue to focus on organic investments in technology and innovations, which are intended to ensure that our product portfolio grows sustainably. Additionally, we may make targeted acquisitions to complement our solution offerings and improve coverage in key strategic markets. On August 1, 2025, SAP announced its intent to acquire 100% of SmartRecruiters , a leading talent acquisition (TA) software provider. The transaction closed on September 11, 2025, following satisfaction of regulatory and other approvals. For more information about SmartRecruiters, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note (D.1) . Sapphire Ventures In addition to our investments in organic growth and acquisitions, SAP also supports entrepreneurs who aspire to build industry-leading businesses through venture capital funds managed by Sapphire Ventures . Sapphire Ventures manages more than US$11 billion (over 9 billion) and has invested in more than 200 companies. It pursues opportunities in which it can help fuel enterprise growth by adding expertise, relationships, geographic reach, and capital. It places a particular focus on companies and venture funds in Europe, Israel, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Sapphire Ventures has committed to investing more than US$1 billion in the next generation of AI - powered enterprise technology startups. Our Product Strategy 8 With the IT landscape continuing to transform at pace, SAP is seeing a clear shift in customer preferences toward the cloud and toward solutions that are flexible, agile, scalable, and cost-effective. SAP understands the importance of helping customers embrace digital technologies to thrive in today s dynamic business environment, and has therefore adopted a forward-thinking strategy for sustainable growth and innovation. This strategy also includes sovereign cloud offerings that enable governments and regulated industries to adopt cloud and AI with full control across data, operations, technology, and law, allowing them to innovate on their own terms and under their own governance. We recognize that every organization s experience with the cloud can be unique and challenging. Yet many customers are already benefiting in many ways: for example, they can allocate personnel who used to manage internal IT teams to other tasks, and ensure online access to systems and data from any location. This shift to the cloud creates new customer requirements and hence new market opportunities that SAP can tap into. 7 Description of business model, inputs and outputs: ESRS 2 SBM-1 42 (a), (b). 8 Amendments to strategy and business model: ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 c (i). 25 Table of Contents Generative and agentic AI are reshaping how businesses operate and how end-users engage with software. Across industries, AI is becoming the core driver of transformation, redefining business processes and unlocking untapped potential for innovation and growth. To address this latest technology shift, an integrated foundation that seamlessly brings together applications, data, and AI is essential: SAP s flywheel . The flywheel captures momentum from continuous rotations across the three layers. Deeply integrated Business AI enhances our SAP Cloud ERP applications, which in turn generate richer, more accurate data. With our SAP Business Data Cloud solution, valuable business data from every part of the business feeds into a semantically rich data layer. SAP Business Suite offers a comprehensive set of integrated solutions, in which applications, data, and AI work as one. It is the destination for all our customers. The Cloud ERP Suite metric is the subset of SAP Business Suite covering most of our strategic cloud solutions. For more information about Cloud ERP Suite, see the Performance Management System section. The remaining offerings are part of SAP s extension suite, which supplements and extends the functional coverage of SAP s solutions for the cloud. To strengthen our position as a leading enterprise software company, we have adopted an AI-First, Suite-First strategy, which aims to ensure that our initiatives focus on our key differentiators. AI-First means that we are not just adding AI capabilities to existing business processes, but adapting our approach to product development. We aim to embed Business AI in every application and business process to boost customer productivity, profitability, and innovation, based on the highest standards of responsible AI as outlined in our Global AI Ethics Policy. Central to this approach are Joule (our AI user experience layer), Joule Agents (AI systems that autonomously plan and execute workflows, connect departments, and optimize business processes while collaborating with users and providing insights), and SAP Business Data Cloud (which serves as the data platform across the SAP cloud portfolio, fueling AI capabilities with semantically rich data products). At the same time, new agentic AI capabilities are reshaping the enterprise technology market, and business process execution is shifting from individual applications to an agentic AI layer that runs all critical processes and becomes the new user experience. To lead this next phase of our transformation, we will be focusing even more strongly on AI in 2026. This includes deploying Joule as the new AI user experience for every user; embedding agentic AI into end-to-end business processes to deliver value through AI assistants; codeveloping with customers to create next-generation AI-powered industry applications; establishing SAP Business Data Cloud as the foundational data layer for AI; and scaling adoption through our RISE with SAP and SAP GROW offerings. For our cloud products, Suite-First describes our objective of delivering a consistent, or suite-like, experience across our portfolio. SAP Business Technology Platform (SAP BTP) serves as the foundation for this strategy, facilitating development, extensions, and integrations while maintaining a clean core, ensuring that our solutions remain adaptable and forward-looking. 26 Table of Contents SAP strives to help customers grow their businesses profitably, while at the same time minimizing the risks. To this end, SAP has two journeys, RISE with SAP and SAP GROW , which cater to different customer objectives and requirements. RISE with SAP is targeted at our installed base customers and helps them on their journey from legacy ERP systems to SAP Business Suite. SAP GROW is targeted at new SAP Business Suite customers across a broad market landscape, ranging primarily from those with revenues below 50 million to those with revenues in excess of 1 billion. The offering aims to help them grow their business and simplify work processes. Both journeys provide AI-enabled migration tools that ease our customers transition to SAP Business Suite with less effort. To guide customers as they migrate to SAP Business Suite, we introduced an evolution of our SAP Services and Support portfolio. The modernized, tiered services and support engagement model will be brought to market in early 2026 and will offer three success plan options: the Foundational Success Plan , the Advanced Success Plan , and the Max Success Plan . Products 9 The pillars of SAP s product strategy, and our development and innovations, are presented below. SAP Business AI SAP Business AI capabilities are available across SAP Business Suite and SAP BTP. SAP offers a wide range of embedded AI features built into core business processes across finance, spend, supply chain, procurement, human capital management, customer relationship management, and customer experience, and in IT and industries. Joule and Joule Agents fundamentally transform how users interact with SAP s enterprise applications. Joule serves as an intuitive AI experience layer, navigating applications, executing transactions, and orchestrating digital workforces of prebuilt and custom agents across both SAP and non-SAP systems. Joule Agents are able to take over complex tasks that span the enterprise. The SAP Knowledge Graph solution connects and contextualizes data from across the enterprise and enables Joule Agents to reason and act reliably across end-to-end processes. In 2025, we released 30 Joule Agents. Our AI Foundation solution on SAP BTP ensures that AI models, trusted data, security, and extensibility are deeply embedded empowering organizations to streamline processes, accelerate cloud transformation, and adopt responsible AI in a secure, scalable manner. SAP Business Data Cloud SAP Business Data Cloud is a fully managed software as a service (SaaS) solution that unifies and governs all SAP data and seamlessly connects with third-party data. It aims to enable customers to transform outcomes with intelligent applications, harmonize mission-critical data, and ensure that trusted data can be used as a foundation for successful agentic AI. The solution can help organizations simplify their data landscape with fully managed data and AI capabilities. It can also help organizations build their business data fabric and a connected, open ecosystem that preserves mission-critical business context across all data. The key capabilities of SAP Business Data Cloud include: SAP Data Products , which are sets of fully managed and certified data and metadata from SAP applications; the SAP Analytics Cloud solution, which unites analytics and enterprise planning in a single product; the SAP Business Warehouse application, which brings mission-critical, historical data to the cloud and the entire data landscape; the SAP Datasphere solution, which gives customers a semantic layer to discover, share, and model the same trusted data across their business data fabric; SAP Business Data Cloud Intelligent Applications , which address specific business problems and can automate, adapt, and learn in real time; the SAP Databricks capability in SAP Business Data Cloud, which unifies data from SAP line-of-business applications, and structured and unstructured data, to accelerate advanced analytics and machine learning workloads; and the SAP Business Data Cloud Connect solution, which provides bidirectional, zero-copy data sharing in SAP Business Data Cloud with third-party data platforms such as Databricks, Google, and Snowflake. In 2025, we released hundreds of prebuilt, SAP-managed data products for SAP Business Data Cloud. 9 Description of significant groups of products and/or services offered: ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 a (i). 27 Table of Contents SAP Business Technology Platform SAP Business Technology Platform (SAP BTP) is a unified platform designed to extend existing systems, integrate applications and business processes, and build AI-supported applications across the enterprise. As the foundation of SAP Business Suite, SAP BTP unlocks the full potential of our customers and partners applications, data, and AI. One of SAP BTP s key capabilities is SAP Build , which provides an intuitive, open, and unified application development and process automation solution environment for IT and citizen developers. SAP Build features the SAP Joule for Developers add-on and the Joule Studio capability, which allow users to incorporate AI into every aspect of SAP Build and Advanced Business Application Programming (ABAP) development, and to build custom Joule agents and skills. Also part of SAP BTP are SAP Integration Suite a single scalable, AI-assisted integration platform as a service (iPaaS) to connect and automate business processes across SAP and third-party landscapes and SAP BTP core capabilities for centralizing application lifecycle, interoperability, security, and administration. Cloud ERP SAP Cloud ERP provides software capabilities for finance, risk management, project management, procurement, manufacturing, supply chain management, asset management, R&D, and more. These include capabilities such as the SAP HANA in-memory database, data management, AI, and application lifecycle management and SAP Cloud ERP solutions, which ease our customers transformation to the cloud. These solutions help customers adopt new business models by enabling them to leverage AI, machine learning, and other intelligent technologies for enhanced data analytics and automation. Financial Management SAP s financial management solutions enable organizations to streamline financial operations, ensure compliance, and drive strategic decision-making. SAP delivers a comprehensive, integrated suite across the full spectrum of financial operations from planning and analysis to the financial close, quote-to-cash, treasury and working capital management, tax and trade, and governance, risk, and compliance empowering CFOs to elevate their finance organizations from transactional processors to strategic business partners. The SAP Taulia portfolio extends the working capital optimization capabilities in SAP Business Suite by helping businesses and their suppliers release funds trapped in the supply chain, thereby optimizing cash flow and unlocking growth opportunities. Leveraging embedded AI, trusted data, and streamlined processes, these solutions equip finance teams to operate more efficiently, anticipate changes, and lead with confidence. Spend Management SAP s spend management solutions enable procurement teams to unlock real potential from AI and make better decisions with seamless and accessible data. Covering direct and indirect spend, travel and expenses, and external workforce management, these solutions give customers a unified view of their spend to reduce costs, mitigate risks, improve collaboration, and align spend decisions with business strategy. SAP Ariba applications provide a modern, AI-native suite of source-to-pay solutions designed to translate deep insights into seamless processes, ensuring productivity, accuracy, and an optimized employee experience. The SAP Concur portfolio contains solutions for integrated travel, expense, and invoice management. And SAP Fieldglass solutions help businesses find, engage, and manage their global external workforce. Supply Chain Management SAP s portfolio of supply chain management solutions helps companies around the globe and across industries orchestrate their teams, processes, and systems both internally and with trading partners to build a stronger supply chain. By providing a comprehensive suite of AI-infused applications that integrate with ERP and adjacent line-of-business solutions, and which digitally connect with trading partner systems, SAP helps break down silos for more efficient, compliant, and responsive supply chains. And, by equipping companies with advanced analytics, operational insights, predictive signals, and recommended actions, it also helps them adapt to changing circumstances and exceed their expectations. Human Capital Management SAP SuccessFactors solutions are designed to empower organizations to create an agile, future-ready workforce in a rapidly changing workplace, and help their employees work smarter and more efficiently. The SAP SuccessFactors portfolio includes an AI-enabled suite of cloud solutions that spans core HR, time tracking, payroll, talent acquisition and management, analytics, and employee experience management. In September, SAP completed the acquisition of SmartRecruiters, a leading provider of enterprise-grade talent acquisition software. The SmartRecruiters platform will be integrated with the SAP SuccessFactors Human Capital Management (HCM) suite. This addition to the SAP SuccessFactors portfolio will help organizations manage the entire talent lifecycle, from sourcing to onboarding, with enhanced AI-enabled recruiting capabilities. 28 Table of Contents Customer Experience SAP Customer Experience (SAP CX) is a comprehensive portfolio of marketing, commerce, sales, and service solutions that are natively integrated with SAP ERP and powered by SAP Business AI to deliver insights, operational efficiency, and scalable customer engagement from a single, unified platform. This integration can provide organizations with a governed, real-time view of their business to enrich customer interactions. Joule with embedded SAP CX AI agents can help marketing, sales, and service teams work faster and smarter by enhancing decision-making and proactively assisting and automating workflows. Business Transformation Management SAP s business transformation management solutions help customers realize holistic, data-driven business transformation across several pillars: business processes with SAP Signavio , applications with SAP LeanIX, and people with WalkMe . The comprehensive approach to transformation that these solutions offer can unlock quantifiable business value for organizations, such as deep business insights, optimized IT landscapes, and help with getting their people on board with change. SAP Signavio solutions, powered by AI, help organizations manage, analyze, and optimize their business processes to achieve the insights and agility they need for successful business transformations. By benchmarking current process landscapes against best practices, and acting on change recommendations, customers can define a target state, adapt their processes accordingly, and assess whether the outcomes they achieve align with their strategic goals. With SAP LeanIX , customers can manage and transform their IT landscape. SAP LeanIX solutions enable organizations to create transparency over their IT environment, assess interdependencies and risks, and plan modernization initiatives so that they are well equipped to move toward their target IT landscape supported by proven reference materials, best practices, and seamless integration with leading SAP and non-SAP solutions. WalkMe offerings help organizations navigate technology change and maximize the return on their software investments by easing user onboarding in cloud solutions. WalkMe s digital adoption platform delivers guidance, automation, and contextual AI assistance directly in the flow of work, enabling employees to complete workflows across applications, from SAP and beyond. WalkMe s digital learning solution helps companies reskill their workforce by embedding training directly into the tools employees use every day. Sustainability Management SAP helps customers transform sustainability data into real business opportunities and operational efficiencies. The SAP Sustainability portfolio delivers ERP-centric, cloud-based, AI-enabled sustainability solutions for companies of all sizes and from all industries, and supports them by embedding sustainability into every aspect of their daily business operations. The portfolio includes the following offerings: SAP Sustainability Control Tower , SAP Sustainability Footprint Management , SAP Sustainability Data Exchange , and SAP Green Ledger . Partners and the Ecosystem The global SAP partner ecosystem plays a key role in delivering and extending our cloud and solution offerings. Our partners support the entire customer lifecycle from selling and implementing to running and extending our solutions on SAP BTP and enable customers to integrate, extend, and innovate across SAP Business Suite. Services and Support We continue to evolve our cloud-focused services and support portfolio to focus on customer adoption and consumption. The foundation of the SAP Services and Support portfolio is SAP Enterprise Support , which provides tools and services, curated content, and mission-critical support. SAP Enterprise Support, cloud editions are included with cloud solution subscriptions. Customers who require more guidance from SAP can opt for incremental service plans, such as SAP Preferred Success and SAP Cloud Application Services , and professional services to address project-specific objectives, timelines, and plans. To help customers who are planning to make an enterprise-wide transformational change, SAP offers SAP MaxAttention and SAP ActiveAttention services for tailored, long-term strategic engagement. Learning and user enablement is available throughout a customer s journey and ranges from role-based digital content to expert-led live sessions, hands-on practical training, custom learning content, and certification. 29 Table of Contents Partnerships SAP announced various partnerships in 2025. - On May 20, SAP and Accenture announced an expansion of their partnership to help companies enable connected intelligence across the enterprise to drive speed and agility in the AI era through the new ADVANCE offering. - Also on May 20, SAP and Perplexity announced a partnership to extend SAP s generative AI and search capabilities by bringing together unstructured and structured data. In addition, SAP and Palantir announced a partnership to facilitate joint customers cloud migration journeys and modernization programs by connecting the unified, context-rich data environment of SAP Business Data Cloud with Palantir s Ontology and Artificial Intelligence Platform. - On May 27, SAP and Alibaba Group announced an extension of their strategic partnership to accelerate cloud transformation. - On September 19, SAP and ADP, a global leader in HR and payroll solutions, announced that they would partner to enable shared clients to run ADP Global Payroll in the cloud. - On September 24, SAP and OpenAI announced the launch of OpenAI for Germany, a partnership to bring SAP s enterprise applications expertise and OpenAI s leading AI technology to Germany s public sector. In addition, SAP and Amazon Web Services (AWS), an Amazon.com company, announced plans to make SAP Sovereign Cloud capabilities available on the AWS European Sovereign Cloud, a new independent cloud for Europe. - Also on September 24, SAP and Alibaba announced plans to advance their strategic partnership with the phased launch of four SAP cloud solutions (SAP Cloud ERP, SAP Cloud ERP Private, SAP BTP, and SAP Integrated Business Planning) on Alibaba Cloud for Chinese enterprises in China. - On October 6, SAP and Google Cloud announced that they would expand their long-standing data and analytics partnership with the launch of SAP Business Data Cloud Connect for Google BigQuery a new capability that aims to simplify access to mission-critical SAP data products from SAP Business Data Cloud through bidirectional, zero-copy data sharing. At the same time, SAP announced SAP Business Data Cloud Connect for Databricks. - On November 4, SAP and Snowflake, an AI data cloud company, announced the SAP Snowflake solution extension for SAP Business Data Cloud to bring Snowflake s data and AI capabilities directly to SAP customers. SAP also announced SAP Business Data Cloud Connect for Snowflake, which will make it easier for customers to harmonize and govern mission-critical data wherever it resides. - On November 18, SAP announced new and expanded collaborations with Mistral AI, Bleu, and Capgemini at the Franco-German EU Summit on Digital Sovereignty. These partnerships aim to accelerate Europe s digital transformation through secure, scalable, AI-driven sovereign cloud solutions that protect data and intellectual property. - On November 27, SAP announced the next stage of its vision for European digital sovereignty with the launch of EU AI Cloud. SAP now offers a truly full-stack sovereign cloud offering, empowering customers to select the right level of sovereignty and deployment for their needs, whether in SAP s own data centers, on trusted European infrastructure, or as a fully managed solution on-site. Our Customers We strive to maximize the value our customers derive from their investment in SAP and from their relationship with us. We do so at every touchpoint in their experience with us over the entire engagement lifecycle. Our customer-facing teams across solutions, sales, services, customer engagement, ecosystem, and more work together under an operating model that aims to harmonize internal processes with the goal of delivering improved outcomes for our customers. Feedback from our customers is crucial to our journey together. To systematically gather and act on these insights, we have a company-wide Global Experience Management (XM) Program 10 in place. This program aims to achieve a consistent end-to-end experience for our customers by standardizing experience initiatives and methodologies to help identify and close any gaps. The head of Customer and Market Intelligence (CMI) in the Strategy & Operations Board area leads our global XM program, which includes the SAP Customer Loyalty Survey . The customer experience metric derived from this survey is a KPI in the short-term incentive component of Executive Board remuneration. Historically, this KPI is the Customer Net Promoter Score (NPS) . Given the importance of our customers and their feedback to SAP, the customer experience KPI is one of our main non-financial KPIs and a performance measure in the short-term incentive component of Executive Board compensation. In 2025, our Customer NPS decreased three points year over year to nine (2024: 12), which is below our target range of 12 to 16. Starting in 2026, we will revise our customer experience framework and replace the customer net promoter score with the Cloud Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) KPI. For more information, especially for the differentiation between cloud and on-premise customers, see the Performance Management System section. 10 Description of engagement with customers: ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 (a). 30 Table of Contents Policies, such as our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for Employees, and the applicable General Terms and Conditions govern our relationships with our customers. Our Investments in Innovation 11 We are committed to scaling AI adoption across our organization to accelerate and optimize our innovation cycle. To drive competitive edge, the focus of our research and development (R&D) activities is on advancing our product portfolio. Our priorities here are to strengthen our AI foundation and seamlessly integrate our products. SAP s strong commitment to R&D is reflected in our expenditure. In the reporting year, our R&D expenditure increased year over year. Main driver was the higher, but disciplined, use of contingent workforce, which was partially offset by lower share-based payment expenses. While our R&D expenditure increased in 2025, our R&D ratios slightly decreased due to the stronger acceleration in revenues. Our IFRS R&D ratio, which reflects R&D expenditure as a portion of total revenue, decreased 1.0 percentage points (pp) to 18.0% (2024: 19.1%). Our non-IFRS R&D ratio likewise decreased 1.0 pp year over year to 18.0% (2024: 19.0%). At the end of 2025, our total full-time equivalent (FTE) headcount in development was 37,965 (2024: 37,590). Measured in FTEs, our R&D headcount remained at 34% of total headcount (2024: 34%). Total R&D expenditure not only includes our own personnel costs but also the external costs of work and services from the providers and cooperation partners we work with to deliver and enhance our products. We also incur external costs for the following: - Translating, localizing, and testing products - Obtaining certification for products in different markets - Patent attorney services and fees - Consulting related to our product strategy - Professional development of our R&D workforce Patents Our investment in R&D has resulted in numerous patents. As at December 31, 2025, SAP held almost 13,000 (2024: more than 13,000) validated patents worldwide. Of these, more than 600 (2024: more than 700) were granted and validated in 2025. While our intellectual property is important to our success, we believe our business as a whole is not dependent on any particular patent or combination of patents. Competitive Intangibles The majority of (intangible) resources that are the basis for our current and future success do not appear in the book value of equity in our Consolidated Financial Statements. This is apparent from a comparison of the market capitalization of SAP SE (based on all issued shares), which was 256.0 billion at the end of 2025 (2024: 290.3 billion), with the book value of our equity in the Consolidated Financial Statements, which was 45.1 billion (2024: 45.8 billion). This means that the market capitalization of our equity is more than five times the book value. Seasonality Over the years 2025, 2024, and 2023, on-premise support revenues and cloud revenues have further increased their share of total revenues. Unlike our on-premise software revenues, our on-premise support revenues and cloud revenues are less subject to seasonality. Due to the constant decrease in on-premise software revenues, which is expected to continue, the seasonality in SAP's revenues is expected to vanish in the near future. For more information about the development of our share of more predictable revenue in 2025, see Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects Operating Results (IFRS). For more information about the expected development of our share of more predictable revenue, see Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects Expected Developments . 11 Description of business model, inputs and outputs: ESRS 2 SBM-1 42 (a), (b). 31 Table of Contents Security, Cloud Compliance, and Data Protection and Privacy Our Approach and Policies We strive to protect the rights of data subjects, safeguard information and systems, and comply with applicable local requirements across our products and services. Our integrated approach to data protection, privacy, and security is embedded in SAP s broader business strategy and supports our objective of strengthening SAP s reputation as a sustainable, trustworthy partner in the market. Everyone has the right to have their personal data protected. To further enhance our commitment to security and compliance, we integrate security considerations into every stage of the software development and cloud operations lifecycle. We utilize various methodologies, guidelines, processes, and tools to address and adapt effectively to evolving cybersecurity threats. We designed and implemented these safeguards to protect the fundamental rights of everyone whose data is processed by SAP, and of everyone who uses SAP s products, including customers, suppliers, partners, prospects, employees, and applicants. Management plays a central role in defining data protection, security, and regulatory-compliance requirements and in embedding them into business processes to ensure adherence to applicable laws and standards. Senior leadership delegates responsibility across management levels, establishing clear accountability, resourcing, and oversight, so that requirements are translated into operational controls. Accordingly, each global SAP line of business (LoB) is mandated to implement these data privacy, security, and compliance requirements within its area of responsibility. LoBs align local processes with corporate policies and global standards, integrate security and privacy controls into the product and service lifecycle, perform risk and impact assessments (including Data Protection Impact Assessments where appropriate), maintain documentation and audit trails, deliver role-based training, and coordinate incident reporting and remediation with SAP s central security, privacy, legal, and compliance teams. These measures ensure consistent implementation, regulatory cooperation, and ongoing monitoring to maintain compliance and protect stakeholders. At the local level, operational responsibility for compliance with data privacy requirements is assigned to local CFOs, who are supported by a network of local Data Protection and Privacy Coordinators (DPPCs). Unless one has already been appointed by the Data Protection and Privacy team (DPP), each CFO must designate a local DPPC. The DPPCs are responsible for conducting audits to verify the Company s compliance with regulations. The CFO is also responsible for facilitating these audits and implementing any measures that are necessary to address compliance gaps. The Global Security Policy is a controlled document owned by SAP s Chief Security Officer and SAP s Chief Security Compliance & Risk Officer, with reviews, approvals, and publishing managed by the SAP Global Policy Coordination Office in accordance with SAP s governance and policy management procedures. The policy is published in SAP s central policy repository and communicated to relevant stakeholders through established governance channels and mandatory training, ensuring that those affected and those responsible for implementation have access to the policy and oversight from the leadership. Our Actions and Targets Addressing Material Impacts SAP applies a layered approach to prevent, mitigate, and remediate negative impacts and risks. Preventive measures are embedded across the product lifecycle and include secure-by-design practices, role based training and guidance on information security and data privacy, proactive publication of security information through internal and external channels, and targeted consultation and support for customers and partners. For mitigation and remediation, SAP operates a centralized incident management tool and follows defined response procedures to ensure timely detection, containment, investigation, and resolution of incidents in line with its policy. Post-incident root-cause analysis, remediation tracking, and stakeholder communication support accountability and continuous improvement. 32 Table of Contents The table below sets out the key actions that SAP continuously carries out to prevent, mitigate, or remediate negative impacts or risks. Action Description Objective Metrics, Targets, and Performance Against Targets SAP s cyberthreat intelligence initiatives and operations 1 An advanced initiative designed to proactively manage cybersecurity threats. It integrates various cybersecurity services, incorporates event, incident, threat, and vulnerability management, and ensures 24/7 security monitoring. Security incidents are handled through a structured incident management process aligned with ISO/IEC 27035 principles. Managing customer-reported incidents and data-subject requests entails collaboration with customers and regulatory authorities. Customers can submit security incidents through Customer Support, following which SAP engages with the data subjects or relevant regulatory bodies. SAP provides functionality for customers to correct or remove personal data from cloud services or to restrict the processing of that data in alignment with data protection law. If such functionality is not available, SAP acts on the customer s instructions and on legal requirements. Promptly identify, assess, and address potential security threats and disruptions so as to minimize adverse impacts on business operations Metric: percentage of secure software development and operations lifecycle (SDOL) vulnerabilities mitigated within SLAs Metric: mean time to detect, respond, contain, and remediate incidents Due to the confidential nature of these metrics, the targets, KPIs, and performance against those targets cannot be disclosed. Compliance with industry standards and regulations 1 To ensure effective implementation of the SAP Cybersecurity Framework, we: - Provide our cloud and IT units with operational controls that are monitored and tested for design and operational effectiveness - Have established an independent internal audit function that reports the audit planning and audit results to the SAP Executive Board on a regular basis - Engage external internationally accredited auditors to regularly assess the design and operational effectiveness of the Framework - Offer service organization control (SOC) reports such as SOC 1 Type II/ISAE 3402 and SOC 2 Type II/ISAE 3000 for our cloud services, issued by external internationally accredited auditors - Publish certificates attesting to our compliance with international standards such as ISO 42001, ISO 9001, ISO 27001, ISO 27017, ISO 27018, ISO 22301, and BS 10012 - Offer further industry-specific and regional compliance attestations, certifications, and reports on SAP Trust Center Adhere to industry and international standards on information security and data protection as part of a proactive approach to managing risk and maintaining operational integrity for the benefit of everyone who uses our systems Metric: percentage of required certifications and SOC reports successfully renewed on schedule Target: 100% on-time issuance and renewal of all required certificates and SOC reports to be delivered on an annual basis. KPI: Due to their confidential nature, KPIs and performance against targets cannot be disclosed. Further details can be found on SAP Trust Center. 33 Table of Contents Action Description Objective Metrics, Targets, and Performance Against Targets Data Protection Management System (DPMS) 2 Framework that brings together activities, tools, and methodologies to help the business achieve specific data protection and privacy goals and compliance with applicable data protection and privacy requirements. We continuously enhance this framework to increase our data protection compliance level based on the annual recertification of DPMS by the British Standards Institute (BSI). SAP is audited by BSI annually and has been awarded certifications according to BS 10012 since 2011. The most recent certification is valid until the end of 2025. The certificate can be found on SAP Trust Center. Provide guidance to all employees with respect to meeting data protection requirements across SAP, and ensure a robust approach to data privacy compliance Metric: notifiable data protection incidents Target: certificate for DPMS maintained on an annual basis Details can be found on SAP Trust Center. SAP Third-Party Risk Management Process 3 Process that follows international regulations and SAP's own quality standards, both of which require the careful selection and monitoring of subprocessors who handle personal data on behalf of SAP and SAP s customers Ensure that all subprocessors meet the necessary data protection and security requirements for the processing of personal data, thereby safeguard
