 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 38 Item 2. Properties 38 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 38 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 39 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 40 Item 6. [Reserved] 42 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 42 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 54 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 54 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 54 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 54 Item 9B. Other Information 57 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 57 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 57 Item 11. Executive Compensation 57 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 57 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 57 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 57 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 58 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 62 Signatures 63 Index to Financial Statements 64 TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Form 10-K”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). All statements, other than statements of historical or current facts, that reflect future plans, estimates, beliefs or expected performance are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they are preceded by, followed by or include words such as “may,” “can,” “should,” “will,” “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “intend,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “seek,” “target” or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Form 10-K and our management’s current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties that may be outside of our control. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those set forth under the section entitled “Risk Factors” below. PART I The following should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Throughout this document, we make statements that are classified as “forward-looking.” Please refer to the “Forward-Looking Statements” section above for an explanation of these types of statements. Item 1. Business Overview Waitr Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its wholly owned subsidiaries (the “Company,” “Waitr,” “we,” “us” and “our”) operates an online ordering technology platform, providing delivery, carryout and dine-in options, connecting restaurants, drivers and diners in cities across the United States. The Company’s technology platform includes the Waitr, Bite Squad and Delivery Dudes mobile applications, collectively referred to as the “Platforms”. The Platforms are a convenient way to discover, order and receive great food and other products from local restaurants, national chains, grocery stores and other merchants. Our strategy is to bring in the logistics infrastructure to underserved populations of merchants and establish strong market presence or leadership positions in the markets in which we operate. As of December 31, 2021, we operated in approximately 1,000 cities across the United States. Our business has been built with a merchant-first philosophy by providing differentiated and brand additive services to the restaurants on the Platforms. These merchants benefit from the online Platforms through increased exposure to consumers for expanded business in the delivery market and carryout sales. The intuitive, easy-to-use Platforms allow consumers to browse local restaurants and menus, track order and delivery status, and securely store previous orders for ease of use and convenience. For diners, Waitr optimizes the journey from restaurant and food discovery through delivery, while providing a diverse restaurant selection and a great customer experience. Additionally, Waitr facilitates merchant access to third-party payment processing solution providers, pursuant to the acquisition of ProMerchant LLC, Cape Cod Merchant Services LLC and Flow Payments LLC (collectively referred to herein as the “Cape Payment Companies”) in August 2021 (the “Cape Payment Acquisition”) (see Part II, Item 8, Note 4 – Business Combinations). The Cape Payment Acquisition is part of our overall growth strategy, positioning the Company to be able to facilitate access to a full suite of third-party payment processing solutions to its current base of restaurants and other merchants in targeted industries. We generate revenue primarily when diners place an order on one of the Platforms. Our revenue consists primarily of net fees received from restaurants and net diner fees generated on these orders. Additionally, in connection with the Cape Payment Acquisition, the Company generates revenue by facilitating merchant access to third-party payment processing solution providers and receiving a residual payment from the payment processing solution provider. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Key Business Metrics For a description of our key business metrics related to the food delivery business, including Active Diners, Average Daily Orders, Gross Food Sales and Average Order Size, see Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. Our Operations We have created differentiated software platforms, purpose-built to connect restaurants, drivers and diners. Our business has been built with a focus on quality through providing brand- additive services to restaurants, which in turn benefits diners by providing a diverse restaurant selection and a great customer experience. Additionally, we facilitate mid-sized retail and e-commerce merchant access to payment processing solutions with third parties. We have multiple third-party processing relationships and our goal is to leverage their various options for the benefit of merchants operating in face-to-face, online, MOTO (mail order, telephone order), and other transactional environments. Restaurant Benefits We believe that we provide restaurants with the following key benefits: • Exposure. Our Platforms provide restaurants with access to incremental users and the opportunity to grow their consumer base. Restaurant menus are showcased on the Platforms, resulting in diners discovering restaurants they would like to visit in person, not just order on the Platforms, further expanding the potential pool of dine-in customers for restaurants. • Incremental channels. Our Platforms provide restaurants with additional channels through which they can receive more orders, while building brand awareness, as they are discovered by more diners. • Deep integration and customization. We provide menu onboarding and real-time menu customization that restaurants can manage themselves. • Service. We provide restaurants with in-market team support from our network of regional managers, territory managers and market success associates, and we provide them with a team of partner support representatives, helping to ensure the Platforms operate efficiently for the restaurants. • Restaurant Software Platforms. The Platforms provide restaurants with actionable data on diners’ order history and trends, allowing restaurants to offer more tailored dishes and suggest more add-on items, which increases order values. • Reliable Delivery. We connect restaurants with a network of independent contractor drivers through our wholly owned subsidiary, Delivery Logistics, LLC (“Delivery Logistics”). Diner Benefits We believe that we provide diners with the following key benefits: • Selection. The restaurants on our Platforms include a mix of local independent restaurants and national chains that represent a wide array of cuisines, price points and local favorites in each market to best serve the diverse tastes of diners. • Quality Service. We have a dedicated customer support team to assist diners, helping to ensure quick and consistent quality service when ordering on the Platforms. • Discovery. The Platforms are designed to showcase the variety of restaurants inclusive of menus with professional photography, giving diners a rich understanding of restaurants’ offerings. • Personalized Experience. We allow diners to tailor their orders to various layers of customization through easy-to-use Platforms. Diners can add frequent restaurants as favorites and keep track of past orders. • Convenience. We provide diners with intuitive Platforms that make ordering and delivery simple from any connected device. Diners can track their order and know exactly when to expect their food. 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Driver Benefits • Flexibility. We provide independent contractor drivers with the opportunity to work when and how they want, based upon their individual needs. Our streamlined onboarding process allows drivers to quickly start earning on their own schedule. Facilitation of Third-Party Payment Processing Solutions Benefits • Cost Savings. We believe our strategic partnerships with specific point-of-sale (“POS”) systems and other processing solutions allow merchants to take advantage of less expensive options. • Expansion of Sales Revenue and Customer Base. Our strategy is to provide access to attractive third-party payment processing solution options, as well as state-of-the-art POS systems coupled with advanced mobile smart terminals, to better serve our restaurant clients as well as other merchants. Business Strategy We have historically grown our business by increasing the number of quality restaurants available on the Platforms, which has facilitated growth in diners and orders. Leveraging best practices from the launch of prior markets, we continuously refine our processes in onboarding new restaurants, deploying adequate resources to markets, sales and ongoing business development. We have focused our efforts on bringing in the logistics infrastructure to underserved populations of restaurants, grocery stores and other merchants and establishing strong market presence or leadership positions in the markets in which we operate. Our strategy is to expand our ecosystem, which today is comprised of our restaurants, diners and independent contractor drivers, through the enhancement of our platforms and providing additional products and services, including the facilitation of access to third-party payment processing services for our ecosystem. We intend to pursue the following growth strategies to grow the Platforms and our business: Expansion into new markets, development of new products and services and investment in new technology Our long-term business strategy includes expansion into new cities and geographies, development of new product offerings and services across our marketplace and investment in new technology, all of which should continue to enhance the user experience and service offerings of the Platforms. Increase sales through further penetration of existing markets We plan to continue marketing and actively building our brands in existing markets by improving our restaurant offerings and technology platform depth, continuing to enhance the quality of our customer service and increasing our presence in the local communities. Pursue Strategic Acquisitions We intend to selectively evaluate and pursue expansion of both our core business and diversification opportunities through strategic acquisitions or arrangements to provide complementary offerings of products and services in both existing and any new markets, with the goal of growing our ecosystem in both size and offerings. Deliver an excellent diner experience We believe that by tailoring experiences on our Platforms to the nuances of local or regional markets, we should be able to improve the user experience and drive growth for our restaurant partners. We plan to invest in our direct sales teams and to add more restaurants and restaurant variety to the Platforms. We intend to continue to refine our customer support team to provide a high- quality experience to our diners. We believe significant opportunity exists to increase existing diner spend, add new diners, and further establish our market positions. Leverage relationships with our restaurant partners We intend to utilize our existing relationships with diverse, high-quality restaurant partners to expand our presence within our current markets as well as support in the expansion into new markets. In particular, we view the facilitating access to third-party payment processing services as a complimentary offering to both expand and strengthen our relationships with our restaurant partners. 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Marketing The Platforms are an important extension of restaurant branding. Restaurants promote Waitr, Bite Squad and Delivery Dudes as a feature for their diners through in-restaurant advertising collateral such as door stickers, table tents and push cards, and other promotional items. Our remaining sales and marketing initiatives are through paid digital marketing, social media strategies and local sponsorships. Our restaurant relationships also allow us to market third-party payment processing services and solutions. Sales Our sales team is constantly focused on signing restaurants across our current and target markets. By focusing our sales efforts on onboarding new restaurants and showing them the value of the Platforms, restaurants promote themselves on the Platforms to their own diner bases. This increase in diners helps to drive more sales and ultimately more orders to the Platforms. After market launch, we typically continue the sales efforts with business development managers, while also conducting sales initiatives at the regional and corporate level with key partners and larger national accounts thereby continually bolstering our restaurant base. After opening new markets, our local market and sales teams continue to work with the restaurants to increase overall order volume and ensure a high level of quality across the Platforms. Our sales team is uniquely positioned to facilitate access to third-party payment processing services to these restaurants. We view the existing restaurant relationships as a conduit through which we can engage with our restaurant partners to understand their needs and offer additional services and products as appropriate, such as facilitating access to third-party payment processing services. Products and Services Restaurant Products and Services Restaurant Onboarding. We offer restaurants a streamlined onboarding process that features direct menu management and high levels of customer service from our market level management and restaurant support team. Product Features. We provide restaurants with the ability to offer promotions and tailored daily specials, optimize orders through analytics and manage restaurant menus. The Platforms include a dedicated mobile application for restaurants which simplifies the aggregation of restaurant order and delivery tasks onto a central in-app controller and provides flexibility to edit menus based on inventory or promotions. This can be performed through user-friendly hardware that receives orders on-site and integrates them seamlessly into existing kitchen flow. We also provide integration with certain online ordering and point-of-sale vendors in order to further enhance our restaurant partners’ efficiency when fulfilling orders generated on our Platforms. The Platforms are also able to provide featured placement of certain restaurants within both the mobile and web applications. Restaurant Support. We also provide restaurants with a team of support representatives to ensure timely responses to inquiries, contributing to an overall high-quality restaurant experience. Delivery. We provide ordering and delivery Platforms for restaurants through a network of independent contractor drivers to address the growing demand for delivery services. We also provide delivery services for restaurants and other retailers who have ordering platforms without delivery. Diner Products and Services Features. The Platforms simplify the diner ordering process to a few steps. These include setting location, specifying delivery method, immediate or future order, selecting and customizing menu items and tracking orders until completion. Diners have search capabilities to locate a certain restaurant or search by cuisine type and can easily view their favorite restaurants and past orders. Restaurant Selection and Customization. The restaurants on the Platforms offer diners a wide array of cuisine types, both from local independent restaurants and national chain restaurants. Our goal is to create a personalized experience for diners, where they can tailor their orders to several layers of customization: getting what they want, when they want it. 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Customer Support. We also provide diners with a team of customer support representatives, which can be directly accessed through our mobile and web applications to assist with any inquiries and to ensure a high-quality diner experience. Third-Party Payment Processing Solutions We facilitate mid-sized retail and e-commerce merchant access to third-party payment processing solutions. We believe that pricing models obtained by merchants are value additive. Our goal is to see merchants access the best processing solution for their specific business type, which should foster growth and avoid unnecessary disruption in services. Customers As of December 31, 2021, we had over 26,000 restaurants on the Platforms and served approximately 1.7 million Active Diners. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, none of the restaurants on the Platforms or Active Diners accounted for 1% or more of the Company’s revenues. We acquired the Cape Payment Companies in August 2021 and receive residual payments from third-party payment processing solution providers in connection with referral services provided. For the year ended December 31, 2021, none of the payment processing solution providers accounted for 1% or more of the Company’s revenues. Competition Our primary competition consists of other online ordering and delivery service providers, who compete with us for restaurants, diners and delivery drivers within the markets we serve. Over the last few years, we have experienced increased competition from well-capitalized national delivery service providers. Additionally, we face competition from traditional offline options used by the vast majority of restaurants in our markets, including paper menus, telephone orders for delivery or takeout, and local advertising placed by restaurants. Management believes that the Company competes favorably with the traditional ordering process by aggregating restaurant and menu information on the Platforms, making it more convenient for diners to locate restaurants by proximity, cuisine type and/or price point, and efficiently placing a customized order or a repeat order for delivery or carryout, without ever having to interact directly with the restaurant. For restaurants, we offer a more targeted marketing opportunity than traditional, offline, local advertising channels, providing exposure to our network of diners, who routinely access our Platforms. We compete with other independent sales organizations in facilitating access to third-party payment processing solutions and many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technological and marketing resources than we do. Impact of Recent Macroeconomic Developments and COVID-19 on our Business We are exposed to general economic conditions that are beyond our control, including macroeconomic developments and impacts related to inflation, increased gasoline prices, the Ukrainian conflict, and the COVID-19 pandemic. Recent inflationary trends that the U.S. is experiencing, as well as increased gasoline prices, affect all constituent groups in our ecosystem, including restaurants, consumers and independent contractor drivers. These groups may be negatively impacted by these economic conditions, which in turn could impact our financial position and results of operations. There is uncertainty of the duration of these recent macroeconomic conditions. We have thus far been able to operate effectively during the COVID-19 pandemic. In response to economic hardships experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. federal government rolled out stimulus payments in the first quarter of 2021 which we believe had a positive impact on order volumes during such period. However, we also believe the stimulus payments resulted in increased driver labor costs as we were faced with challenges in maintaining an appropriate level of driver supply. In addition, early in the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced an increase in revenue and orders due to increased consumer demand for delivery and more restaurants using our platform to facilitate both delivery and take-out. During the second and third quarters of 2021, we believe the impact of the stimulus payments on our order volumes and consumer demand due to the pandemic began to decrease. While the widespread rollout of vaccines is leading to increased confidence that the impacts of the pandemic may be stabilizing, the spread of certain COVID variants 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS and cases rising in areas with low vaccination rates provide continued uncertainty as to the potential short and long-term impacts of the pandemic on the global economy and on the Company’s business, in particular. There remains uncertainty as to whether or not the pandemic will continue to impact diner, restaurant and driver behavior, and if so, in what manner. To the extent that macroeconomic factors, including inflation, increased gasoline prices, the Ukrainian conflict, and the COVID-19 pandemic adversely impact the Company’s business, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the risk factors in this Form 10-K. Management continues to monitor the impact of recent macroeconomic trends and the COVID-19 outbreak and the possible effects on its financial position, liquidity, operations, industry and workforce. Seasonality and Holidays Our business tends to follow restaurant closure and diner behavior patterns with respect to demand of our service offering. In many of our markets, we have historically experienced variations in order frequency as a result of weather patterns, university summer breaks and other vacation periods. In addition, a significant number of restaurants tend to close on certain major holidays, including Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, among others. Further, diner activity may be impacted by unusually cold, rainy, or warm weather. Cold weather and rain typically drive increases in order volume, while unusually warm or sunny weather typically drives decreases in orders. Furthermore, severe weather-related events such as snowstorms, ice storms, hurricanes and tropical storms have adverse effects on order volume, particularly if they cause property damage or utility interruptions to our restaurant partners. The COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the federal government’s responses thereto, have had an impact on our typical seasonality trends and could impact these trends in future periods. Technology and Intellectual Property Our Platforms use scalable software to provide a consistent and robust user experience as user adoption increases. The internally developed Platforms are purpose-built to streamline online ordering and fulfillment for consumers and restaurants. The Platforms are 100% hosted in the cloud. Cloud hosting assists us with addressing potential capacity constraints that we may face as we grow our core applications and provide a level of redundancy, fault tolerance and cost effectiveness. We protect our intellectual property through a combination of trademarks, trade dress, domain name registrations, trade secrets, patents, and copyrights. As of December 31, 2021, we had registered trademarks covering “Waitr”, “Bite Squad” and “Delivery Dudes” and the stylistic designs associated with our brands. We have also filed other trademark applications in the United States and may pursue additional trademark registrations to the extent management believes it will benefit the business and be cost effective. In June 2021, the Company entered into a License, Release and Settlement Agreement to settle all claims related to a lawsuit related to alleged trademark infringement based on the Company’s use of the “Waitr” trademark and logo. In connection therewith, the Company agreed to adopt a new trademark or tradename to replace the Waitr trademark by June 22, 2022, unless extended by eight additional months in exchange for a one-time payment of $800,000. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings for additional details. We hold several registrations to domain names relating to our business, including waitrapp.com, bitesquad.com, deliverydudes.com and others. In 2021, we acquired the domain name ASAP.com, along with several other related domain names, in connection with our planned comprehensive rebranding initiative. As of December 31, 2021, we filed two patent applications in the United States, which seek to cover proprietary inventions relating to our products and services. We may pursue further patents to the extent that management believes it will benefit Waitr’s business and be cost effective. Our employees are required to maintain proprietary and non-public information confidential and to assign any and all inventions or other intellectual property relating to the business to Waitr. The policies and applicable terms of use of the Platforms also contain confidentiality and assignment of intellectual property provisions and restrict the distribution or use of the Company’s technology in unauthorized manners. Additionally, we enter into confidentiality agreements with consultants and contractors who are given access to confidential information about the Company. 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS Government Regulation Our industry and business model are relatively new, have been evolving, and are subject to rapid changes in technology and the adoption and application of regulation. We are subject to a variety of laws, regulations, and local ordinances in the jurisdictions in which we operate and they are also evolving and difficult to predict. These include laws and regulations relating to (i) pricing and fee structures, (ii) food safety, (iii) labor and employment, (iv) acceptance of credit card payments and consumer protection, (v) website and mobile application accessibility, security, and data privacy, (vi) alcoholic beverages, (vii) background checks, (viii) taxes, and (ix) other regulated matters. These laws, regulations, and ordinances can be subject to interpretation and can lack certainty and specificity relative to our business. In many cases, it may be unclear whether certain of these regulatory schemes apply to our business and how best to navigate potential differing standards, interpretations, and even conflicts among the different governmental authorities who adopt and enforce such regulation. Recent political, financial, and world events may have the effect of increasing scrutiny on technology companies and on gig economy enterprises reliant on an independent contractor workforce. Governmental entities have enacted, and may enact, new measures that are adverse to our business, like measures capping commissions charged to restaurant merchants that have been recently enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in several state and city jurisdictions. Certain larger cities have recently enacted permanent regulations capping commissions charged to restaurant merchants and it is unclear whether this is a growing trend. As a result, we may be forced to either increase fees to consumers, if legally permitted, reduce our margins and profitability in such jurisdictions, or cease providing services in such jurisdictions, thereby reducing our geographic footprint and expansion opportunities. We may also be compelled to expend significant resources or discontinue certain services or features which could adversely affect our business. While we hope to continue to expand and make our technology platforms broadly available, these laws, regulations, and ordinances may limit our ability to expand geographically or require us to expend significant resources to modify our platforms, systems, or alter our business model in order to do so. Further, if we are unable to comply with regulation imposed upon our business, we could be subject to regulatory proceedings, fines or other penalties, along with potential civil and criminal proceedings. Finally, such proceedings could become the focus of increased media attention or other negative impacts on our brand identity or our public relations initiatives, thereby adversely impacting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Human Capital As of December 31, 2021, we had approximately 845 employees. We also engage consultants as needed. None of our employees are represented by a labor union with respect to their employment with the Company. We consider our relations with our employees to be satisfactory. Our success depends upon our ability to identify, attract and retain highly qualified management and other key operating and technology personnel. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers, and availability of qualified individuals. We consider talented management a very important factor in our ability to drive our strategic initiatives and execute our long-term growth strategy and appreciate the importance of retention, growth and development of our employees. We strive to maintain a diverse and inclusive workforce and are committed to a culture which values equality and respect. Our employees are offered competitive compensation and benefits programs, as well as opportunities for career growth and development. We are committed to a safe workplace and an ethical environment in which employees can continually develop their skills and expertise to advance their careers. The recruitment of qualified independent contractor drivers by Delivery Logistics is an important part of our success. Independent contractor drivers are provided with a streamlined onboarding process and educational opportunities that help to maximize their earnings potential. Maintaining a diverse network of independent contractor drivers is important to us. We are committed to our independent contractor drivers having the tools and resources needed to ensure they provide exceptional customer service. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to implement safety measures to protect and support our restaurant partners, diners and independent contractor drivers. Additionally, we have allowed our employees to work remotely as appropriate, while implementing safety measures designed to protect the health of all those entering our facilities. 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate History Waitr Incorporated began operations in 2014 in Lake Charles, Louisiana as a restaurant platform for online ordering and delivery services, and grew quickly, connecting restaurants and diners in various markets. Landcadia Holdings, Inc. was a special purpose acquisition company (“SPAC”) whose business was to effect a business combination. The November 2018 merger between Waitr Incorporated and Landcadia Holdings, Inc. (the “Landcadia Business Combination”) provided a platform for Waitr Incorporated to gain access to the U.S. public markets. Prior to the consummation of the Landcadia Business Combination, the common equity of the SPAC was traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market (the “Nasdaq”) under the symbol “LCA”. Effective November 2018, the Company’s common equity began trading on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol “WTRH”. In January 2019, Waitr acquired BiteSquad.com, LLC (“Bite Squad”). Founded in 2012 and based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Bite Squad operates an online ordering platform with operations similar to those of Waitr. The acquisition of Bite Squad (the “Bite Squad Merger”) expanded the Company’s scale and footprint across the United States. In March 2021, Waitr completed the acquisition of Delivery Dudes, a third-party delivery business primarily serving the South Florida market (the “Delivery Dudes Acquisition”). In August 2021, Waitr completed the acquisition of the Cape Payment Companies, which are in the business of facilitating merchant access to third-party payment processing solution providers (the “Cape Payment Acquisition”). Basis of Presentation The Bite Squad Merger, Delivery Dudes Acquisition and Cape Payment Acquisition were considered business combinations, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“GAAP”), and have been accounted for using the acquisition method. Under the acquisition method of accounting, total merger consideration, acquired assets and assumed liabilities are recorded based on their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of merger consideration over the fair value of the assets less liabilities acquired has been recorded as goodwill. The results of operations of the acquired companies are included in our consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates. Available Information The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and files or furnishes reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are filed with the SEC and are available free of charge on the Company’s website at investors.waitrapp.com/financial-information/sec-filings at the same time as when the reports are available on the SEC’s website. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. The Company also maintains websites at www.waitrapp.com, www.bitesquad.com and www.deliverydudes.com. The contents of the websites referenced herein are not incorporated into this filing. Further, the Company’s references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K (“Annual Report” and “Form 10-K”), including our financial statements and the related notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” before making an investment decision. Our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be harmed by any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks, and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment. As used in the risks described in this subsection, references to “we,” “us” and “our” are intended to refer to the Company unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. Risk Factor Summary Following is a summary of the principal risk factors to our business, which risks are more fully described below the summary. 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS Risks Related to Our Operations • failure to retain existing diners or add new diners or continuing to experience a decrease in number of diners and number of orders or decrease in order sizes on the Platforms; • declines in our delivery service levels or lack of increases in business for restaurants; • loss of restaurants on the Platforms, including due to changes in our fee structure; • inability to sustain profitability in the future; • risks related to our relationships with the independent contractor drivers, including shortages of available drivers, loss of independent contractor drivers, adverse conditions impacting independent contractor drivers, and possible increases in driver compensation; • recent inflationary pressures, increased gasoline prices, economic impact resulting from the Ukrainian conflict, and other macroeconomic factors that are largely beyond our control; • inability to maintain and enhance our brands, including possible degradation thereto resulting from our comprehensive rebranding initiative to change our corporate name and visual identity, or occurrence of events that damage our reputation and brands, including unfavorable media coverage; • seasonality and the impact of inclement weather, including major hurricanes, tropical cyclones, major snow and/or ice storms in areas not accustomed to them and other instances of severe weather and other natural phenomena; • inability to manage growth and meet demand; • inability to successfully improve the experience of restaurants and diners in a cost-effective manner; • changes in our products or to operating systems, hardware, networks or standards that our operations depend on; • dependence of our business on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure; • personal data, internet security breaches or loss of data provided by diners or restaurants on our Platforms; • inability to successfully expand our operations of facilitating the entry into merchant agreements by and between merchants and third-party payment processing solution providers; • inability of third-party payment processing services, of which we may facilitate the entry into merchant agreements, to comply with applicable state or federal regulations; • inability to comply with applicable law or standards if we were to become a payment processor at some point in the future; • risks related to the credit card and debit card payments we accept; • reliance on third-party vendors to provide products and services; • substantial competition in technology innovation and distribution and inability to continue to innovate and provide technology desirable to diners and restaurants; • failure to pursue and successfully make additional acquisitions; • failure to comply with covenants in the agreements governing our debt; • additional impairments of the carrying amounts of goodwill or other indefinite-lived assets; • dependence on search engines, display advertising, social media, email, content-based online advertising and other online sources to attract diners to the Platforms; • loss of senior management or key operating personnel and dependence on skilled personnel to grow and operate our business; • inability to successfully integrate and maintain acquired businesses; • failure to protect our intellectual property; • patent lawsuits and other intellectual property rights claims; • potential liability and expenses for existing and future legal claims, including claims that may exceed insurance coverage or are not insured against; • our use of open source software; 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS • insufficient capital to pursue business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances; • unionization of our employees, the magnitude of which increases if our independent contractor drivers were ever reclassified as employees; and • failure to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting. Risks Related to Our Industry • the highly competitive and fragmented nature of our industry; • dependence on discretionary spending patterns in the areas in which the restaurants on our Platforms operate and in the economy at large; • general economic and business risks affecting our industry that are largely beyond our control; • the COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar public health threat that could significantly affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; • implementation of fee caps by jurisdictions in areas where we operate; • failure of restaurants in our networks to maintain their service levels; • slower than anticipated growth in the use of the Internet via websites, mobile devices and other platforms; • federal and state laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and other matters affecting our business; • the potential for increased misclassification claims following the change to the U.S. presidential administration; • risks relating to our relationships with the independent contractor drivers, including shortages of available drivers and possible increases in driver compensation; • failure to continue to meet all applicable Nasdaq listing requirements and risks relating to the consequent delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq, which could adversely affect the market liquidity of our common stock, the ability for us to raise capital, and could decrease the market price of our common stock significantly; and • risks related to the cannabis industry with respect to the business operations of referring merchants to third-party payment processing solution providers. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities • risks related to future sales of a substantial number of shares by existing stockholders which could in turn cause our share price to decline; • the risk that management’s use of the net proceeds from, or the continuation of, our at-the-market offering program (the “ATM Program”) does not increase the value of a stockholder's investment; • the risk that future offerings of debt or equity securities that rank senior to our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock; and • the risk that the Debt Warrants and Notes (as defined in Note 14 and Note 10, respectively, of the Financial Statements) as well as other derivative securities (“Derivative Securities”), if exercised or converted into shares of our common stock, would increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. Risks Related to Our Operations If we fail to retain existing diners or add new diners, or if our diners continue to decrease in number and number of orders or order sizes decrease on the Platforms, our revenue, financial results, and business may be adversely affected. Our financial performance has been significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging Active Diners who make orders for delivery, dine-in or carryout using the Platforms. Over the last two years, the number of Active Diners has declined. To the extent that the number of our Active Diners continues to trend down, our business performance could become increasingly dependent on our ability to increase the size of orders in current markets and the 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS size and frequency of orders in new markets. If diners do not perceive the Platforms to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain diners or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and amount of orders. A decrease in diner retention, growth, order frequency or overall order price will likely render the Platforms less attractive to restaurants, which may have a material and adverse impact on our revenue, business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any number of factors could negatively affect diner retention, growth, and engagement, thereby adversely affecting our revenue, financial results, and future growth potential, including if: • diners increasingly order through competing products or services; • we fail to introduce new and improved services or if new services are not favorably received; • we are unable to successfully maintain our efforts to provide a satisfactory delivery and ordering experience; • we are unable to continue to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging, that work with a variety of mobile operating systems and networks, and that achieve a high level of market acceptance; • there are changes in diner sentiment about the quality or usefulness of the Platforms, delivery quality, food quality or other products or concerns related to privacy and sharing, safety, security, or other factors; • we are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure diners are presented with menu items that are interesting, useful, and relevant to them; • there are adverse changes in the Platforms, delivery services or restaurant services or products that are mandated by legislation, regulatory authorities, or litigation, including settlements or consent decrees; • technical or other problems prevent us from delivering food in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affect the user experience or enjoyment of food or beverages delivered; • we adopt policies or procedures related to delivery, ordering or user data that are perceived negatively by our diners or the general public; • we fail to provide adequate customer service to restaurants, diners, independent contractor drivers, or advertisers; • we, restaurants on the Platforms, or other companies in the mobile food delivery or ordering industry are the subject of adverse media reports, adverse litigation, or long-term governmental regulation such as fee caps, or other negative publicity; • restaurants develop their own direct-to-consumer applications or online ordering and delivery services; or • further degradation of our Active Diner base and order frequency or our Average Daily Orders and Gross Food Sales. If our delivery service levels decline or if restaurants do not see increases in business, restaurants could leave the Platforms, reducing revenue and significantly harming our business. Restaurants may not continue to do business with us or may be unwilling to pay service fees if we do not deliver in a timely, professional and friendly manner or if the restaurants do not believe that their investment in the Waitr platform, the Bite Squad platform or the Delivery Dudes platform, as applicable, will produce an increase in revenue from delivery, dine-in or carryout orders. Our service fees and commission revenue and the availability of restaurants on the Platforms could be negatively impacted by the following factors, among others: • decreases in the number of Active Diners or Average Daily Orders on the Platforms; • loss of online or mobile food delivery market share to competitors; • inability to professionally and accurately display menu items to consumers on the Platforms; • adverse media reports or other negative publicity involving the Company, restaurants on our Platforms or other companies in our industry; and • the impact of macroeconomic conditions and conditions in the restaurant industry in general, including restaurant closures. 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS We generate a substantial amount of our revenue from restaurants viewed positively by diners. The loss of restaurants to other platforms could seriously harm our business. Substantially all of our revenue is derived from items offered by restaurants to diners on the Platforms. The number of Active Diners, Average Daily Orders and Gross Food Sales depends on the availability of quality items available on the Platforms from restaurants viewed positively by diners. As is typical in our industry, restaurants do not agree to long-term contracts with us, and they are generally free to leave the Platforms with minimal notice or to participate on competing platforms. While no single restaurant accounts for more than 10% of our revenue, most of the restaurants on our Platforms participate on competing platforms, many of the restaurants on our Platforms only recently started providing menu items on the Platforms, and many restaurants spend a relatively small portion of their overall budget with us. Restaurants may not continue to do business with us if we do not increase revenues for them or provide delivery, dine-in or carryout ordering for diners in an effective manner, or if they do not believe that the use of the Platforms will generate a competitive return relative to other alternatives, especially including from our competitors. Growth in the number of restaurants on the Platforms may not continue at historical rates, and the addition of new restaurants to the Platforms and retention of existing restaurants on the Platforms could decline due to a number of factors. First, the cost of adding new restaurants or retaining existing restaurants on the Platforms could increase substantially. Competition to advertise our services to restaurants has been increasing and could continue to increase as a result of increasing competition among similar companies for a finite pool of restaurants. In addition, the number of options available to restaurants may result in downward pressure on the prices that restaurants are willing to pay for our services. As more choices become available for diners to order delivery, dine- in or carryout from restaurants, the number and frequency of our word-of-mouth and/or organic referrals may decline. Our efforts to attract and retain new restaurants in new geographical areas may not be successful. If we fail to attract new restaurants or retain existing restaurants, especially those restaurants that are most popular with diners, our financial results could materially suffer. We may be unable to continue to grow at historical growth rates or achieve profitability in the future. Our historical growth rates (including revenue and other key metrics) may not be sustainable. The growth rates of Active Diners and Gross Food Sales could continue to decline over time as the market for our services matures, thereby impacting revenues. If our growth rates decline, investors’ perceptions of our business may be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decline. There can be no assurance of any future profitable results of operations for various reasons, including insufficient growth, declining numbers of Active Diners or orders, increasing competition, costs to scale our business and technology and other risks described elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We are subject to a variety of risks relating to our relationships with the independent contractor drivers, including shortages of available drivers, loss of independent contractor drivers, adverse conditions impacting independent contractor drivers, and possible increases in driver compensation. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we terminated our employee drivers and outsourced our driver function to Delivery Logistics, who provides us with independent contractor drivers. While we implemented this change in a way intended to ensure that the drivers are indeed independent contractors under applicable law and regulation, certain state and local governmental authorities have initiated efforts to classify independent contractors performing driver jobs as employees. In January 2020, California State Assembly Bill 5 (“AB5”) went into effect, which codifies an employee-friendly test to determine whether a worker is an employee or independent contractor under California law. However, in November 2020, California voters passed Proposition 22, the App-Based Drivers as Contractors and Labor Policies Initiative. Proposition 22 classifies app-based transportation and delivery drivers as independent contractors and adopts various labor and wage policies specific to this class of workers, which policies will likely increase operating costs. Many legal experts have stated that the passage of Proposition 22 effectively exempts this class of workers from the reach of AB5. While the Company does not operate in California, the Company has received misclassification claims and may see an increase in claims from other states that have adopted or may adopt classification tests similar to AB5 (without any similar Proposition 22 carve-out for app-based delivery drivers) and there can be no assurance that any claim will not be combined into a collective or class action. These regulatory actions and/or increased scrutiny could result in increased costs and burdens for the Company. The change in composition of our driver base could also result in a degradation of service provided by contracted delivery drivers, and an increase in the turnover rates of delivery drivers. If Delivery Logistics is unable to attract and retain 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS a sufficient number of independent contractor drivers, we could face difficulty meeting consumer order demands or be forced to forego business that would otherwise be available to us, which could adversely affect our profitability and ability to maintain or grow our business. Shortages of available drivers could require us to spend more to procure driver services and could create shortages at peak order times. We could face a challenge with having enough qualified drivers primarily due to intense market competition, which may subject us to increased payments for independent contractor driver rates that would negatively impact our profitability. Additionally, in response to economic hardships experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. federal government rolled out stimulus payments in the first quarter of 2021 which we believe presented challenges in maintaining an appropriate level of driver supply at certain times and has required us to spend more to procure driver services in certain instances. Further, with respect to independent contractor drivers, shortages can result from the absence of long-term contracts along with other contractual terms or policies that make contracting with Delivery Logistics less desirable to certain independent contractor drivers. In addition, the “on-call” or “on-demand” nature of the way that we ask independent contractor drivers to pick up shifts during busy times may result in difficulties procuring such independent contractor drivers when we need that labor most. Such a shortage could result in material harm to our business or reputation. The financial condition and operating costs of the independent contractor drivers are affected by conditions and events that are beyond our control and may also be beyond their control. Adverse changes in the financial condition of independent contractor drivers or increases in their car ownership or operating costs, including increased gas prices relating to the Ukrainian crisis, could cause them to seek higher revenues or to cease their business relationships with Delivery Logistics. The prices that we charge our diners could be impacted by these circumstances, which may in turn limit pricing flexibility with diners, resulting in fewer delivery orders and decreasing our revenues. Independent contractor drivers may utilize shirts and food carrier equipment bearing our trade names and trademarks; however, it is not required. If one of the independent contractor drivers is subject to negative publicity, it could negatively reflect on us and have a material and adverse effect on our business, brand and financial performance. Under certain state laws, we could also be subject to allegations of liability for the activities of the independent contractor drivers. As independent business owners, independent contractor drivers may make business or personal decisions that conflict with our best interests. For example, if route distance is further than desired or personal scheduling conflicts arise, an independent contractor driver may deny orders. In these circumstances, we must be able to timely deliver food orders to maintain relationships with diners and restaurants on the Platforms. The unwillingness of independent contractor drivers to perform their services when and where they are needed could adversely harm our financial performance and operating results. Our operations are affected by macroeconomic factors that are largely beyond our control. Recent inflationary trends that the U.S. is experiencing as well as increased gasoline prices exacerbated by the Ukrainian conflict may have a negative impact on restaurants, consumers and independent contractor drivers, which in turn could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Inflationary pressures, increased gasoline prices and other macroeconomic factors could drive restaurant prices higher, which could negatively impact consumer demand and result in a decrease in order volumes. Additionally, operating costs of independent contractor drivers could be negatively impacted by the recent inflationary pressures and increased gasoline prices, which could require us to spend more to procure independent contractor driver services. These macroeconomic factors are largely beyond our control and there is uncertainty as to the duration of these recent macroeconomic conditions. If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if events occur that damage our reputation and brands, our ability to expand our base of diners and restaurants may be impaired, and our business and financial results may be harmed. Unfavorable media coverage could seriously harm our business. Our brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to expanding our base of diners and restaurants. Many of our new diners are referred by existing diners, and, therefore, we strive to ensure that our diners remain favorably inclined towards the Platforms and our online ordering service. Maintaining and enhancing our brands could depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative services, which we may not do successfully. We may introduce new services, products or terms of service that diners do not like, which may negatively affect our brands. 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Additionally, the actions of restaurants that are on our Platforms (or quality and safety of their food), independent contractor drivers and others may negatively affect our brands if consumers do not have a positive experience interacting with those parties after using the Platforms. We may experience media, legislative, or regulatory scrutiny of our delivery and food safety record, our delivery experience, privacy matters or other issues, which may adversely affect our reputation and brands. We may also fail to provide adequate customer service, which could erode confidence in our brands. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands, our business and financial results may be adversely affected. Our strategic initiative to change our corporate name and visual identity in a comprehensive rebrand may not be successful and may negatively impact our name recognition with customers and partners or otherwise impact our business. In June 2021, we launched a strategic initiative to change our corporate name and visual identity in a comprehensive rebrand. There is no assurance that our rebranding initiative will be successful or result in a positive return on investment. In connection with the Settlement (as defined in Item 3, Legal Proceedings), we agreed to adopt a new trademark or tradename to replace the Waitr trademark and to discontinue use of the Waitr trademark in connection with the marketing, sale or provision of any web-based or mobile app-based delivery, pick-up, carry-out or dine-in services using the Waitr trademark by June 22, 2022, unless extended by eight additional months in exchange for a one-time payment of $800,000. The failure by us to timely cease using the Waitr trademark provides Waiter.com, Inc. the right to pursue injunctive relief and liquidated damages. We could be required to devote significant resources to advertising and marketing in order to increase awareness of the new brand and for the successful integration of our rebranding process. Furthermore, our rebranding initiative may negatively impact our name recognition with customers and partners, which could have an adverse impact on our business. Seasonality and the impact of inclement weather could adversely affect our operations and profitability. We observe that diner behavior patterns and demand for the services we provide generally fluctuate during the year on our Platforms. For example, order frequency tends to vary, primarily as a result of weather patterns, university summer breaks and other vacation periods. In addition, orders in cities or towns with college campuses tend to fluctuate with the start and end of the school year, which can comprise a large part of our overall revenue in certain locations. Our revenues fluctuate according to these patterns and due to the timing of certain holidays within each quarter and result in quarterly fluctuations. As a result, diner activity and demand for our services has historically been stronger in our first and fourth fiscal quarters as compared to our second and third fiscal quarters. In addition, other seasonality trends may develop and the existing seasonality and diner behavior that we experience may change or become more extreme, including as a result of factors outside of our control. The COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the federal government’s responses thereto, have had an impact on our typical seasonality trends and could impact future periods. We sometimes experience large influxes of orders during inclement weather when consumers do not wish to leave their homes to eat restaurant food. Such inclement weather events are unpredictable in many cases and may continue to provide disruption in future periods in certain markets. In such events, the availability of independent contractor drivers could be limited due to unsafe driving conditions or the refusal or unwillingness of drivers to work during such weather events. This can result in substantially delayed delivery times and diner frustration with our services, reducing the willingness of consumers to order using the Platforms in the future. We have in the past experienced increased order volume during certain holidays, while facing a simultaneous shortage in drivers, which can also result in substantial delivery delays and diner dissatisfaction. In addition, the likelihood of accidents may increase during inclement weather events, thereby increasing the costs to us of each delivery, exposing us to potential litigation or accident claims. Any of these events could substantially impact our revenue and results of operations and our ability to grow and operate our business. Our inability to manage growth and meet demand could harm our operations and brands. Occasions have arisen in the past in which we were not able to adequately meet surges in orders and consumer demand. We may be required to make substantial investments in the future in technology, customer service, sales and marketing infrastructure in order to adequately handle growth, surges in orders and consumer demands. As we continue to grow, we must be able to effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large number of new employees, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our company culture. We may not be able to manage growth effectively. If we do not manage the 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS growth of our business and operations effectively, the quality of the Platforms and efficiency of our operations could suffer, which could harm our brands, business and results of operations. Our efforts to improve the experience of restaurants and diners may not be successful and the related investment may impact our profitability. Our culture prioritizes an excellent diner and restaurant experience and loyalty. Our efforts in achieving improved diner and restaurant experience and loyalty may not produce the short- term or long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our growth and engagement, our relationships with diners and restaurants, and our business could be materially adversely affected. Our operations depend on mobile operating systems, hardware, networks and standards that we do not control. Changes in our products or to those operating systems, hardware, networks or standards may seriously harm our Active Diner retention and engagement. A large percentage of our revenues and growth occur on mobile devices using applications for our ordering technology (the “Apps”). Because the Apps are used primarily on mobile devices, the Apps must remain interoperable with popular mobile operating systems, Android and iOS, and related hardware, including but not limited to mobile devices. We have no control over these operating systems or hardware, and any changes to these systems or hardware that degrade the functionality of our products, or give preferential treatment to competitive products, could seriously harm the usage of the Apps on mobile devices. Our competitors could attempt to make arrangements with Apple or Google to make interoperability of our products with those mobile operating systems more difficult or display their competitive offerings more prominently than ours. Similarly, our competitors could enter into other arrangements with mobile device manufacturers, wireless network carriers or Internet service providers that diminish the functionality of the Apps. We plan to continue to introduce new products regularly and have experienced that it takes time to optimize such products to function with these operating systems and hardware, impacting the popularity of such products, and this trend could continue. Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of diners and engagement, or adversely affect our financial results. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve diners and restaurants depend upon the reliable performance of the Platforms and their underlying technical infrastructure. We have experienced service disruptions, and may experience future disruptions, outages or other performance problems due to a variety of factors. As the Platforms grow more complex, store more information and service higher numbers of diners, their technical infrastructure could suffer. We may not be able to identify causes of performance issues or service disruptions. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If the Platforms are unavailable when diners, independent contractor drivers or restaurants attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as they expect, these key users may not return to the Platforms as often in the future, or at all. As the amount and types of information shared on the Platforms continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity, and computing power, to continue to satisfy the needs of our diners, restaurants on the Platforms and the independent contractor delivery drivers. It is possible that we may fail to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands. In addition, our business is subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from natural disasters, terrorism, or other catastrophic events. A substantial portion of our network infrastructure is provided by third parties. Substantially all of the communications, network and computer hardware used to operate our websites and mobile applications are located in the United States in Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform data centers. We do not own or control the operation of these facilities. In addition, we may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in certain circumstances. We may not always maintain redundancy for certain hardware. Any disruption or failure in the services we receive from these providers could harm our ability to handle existing or increased traffic and could significantly harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face may adversely affect our business, and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS We expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve the availability of the Platforms and to enable rapid releases of new features and products. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, respond adequately to service disruptions, upgrade our systems as needed or continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and results of operations would be harmed. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on technology infrastructure and services to handle the traffic on our websites and mobile applications and to help shorten the length of or prevent system interruptions. The operation of these systems is expensive and complex, and we could experience operational failures. Although we carry business interruption insurance, it may not be sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of system failures. Personal data, internet security breaches or loss of data provided by diners or restaurants on our Platforms could violate applicable law and contracts with key service providers and could result in liability to us, damage to our reputation and brands and harm to our business. Mobile malware, viruses, hacking, and phishing attacks have become more prevalent in our industry and may occur on our systems in the future. Although it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from an interruption or attack, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security, and availability of our products and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of restaurants or diners may seriously harm our reputation and our ability to retain and attract diners and restaurants. Moreover, such failure could subject us to legal exposure and the expenditure of capital resources to defend ourselves. We rely on third-party billing and payment processing providers, many of whom may collect and store sensitive data, including legally protected personal information. Examples include third parties who process diner orders, payroll and other payments, and service providers who collect and store diner, restaurant or employee information. We may also process and store and use additional third parties to process and store sensitive intellectual property and other proprietary business information, including that of the restaurants on our Platforms. While we intend to maintain data privacy and security measures that are compliant with applicable privacy laws and regulations, future security breaches could subject us and/or these third-party service providers to liability for violations of various laws, rules or regulations, civil liability, government-imposed fines, orders requiring that we or these third parties change our or their practices, or criminal charges, which could adversely affect our business. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices, systems and compliance procedures in a manner adverse to our business. We have limited operational history and are subject to developmental risks associated with the development of any new business. We lack significant operational history by which future performance may be judged or compared. Any future success that we may enjoy will depend upon many factors, several of which may be beyond our control, or which cannot be predicted at this time, and which could have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, business prospects and operations and the value of an investment in the Company. As a result, our past quarterly financial results do not necessarily indicate future performance. Investors should take into account the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in rapidly evolving markets. Investors should not rely upon our past quarterly financial results as indicators of future performance. The numerous factors, which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control, include the following: • We may not be able to accurately forecast revenues and plan operating expenses; • We may be unable to fund our working capital requirements or maintain compliance with our debt covenants, particularly if our forecast regarding the sufficiency of our liquidity is inaccurate or our expenses exceed our expectations; • We may be unable to scale our technological and operational infrastructure to accommodate any growth in diners, orders or customer support needs; • Our growth may depend on acquisitions, and we may lack the capital necessary to pursue them; • The development and introduction of new products or services by us or our competitors is uncertain; 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS • Competing with traditional ordering methods or delivery services provided directly by restaurants (or third parties) to consumers over the phone or through their own websites or other means could pose a risk to our growth and financial performance; • Continued increased competition from other third-party delivery companies; • Our ability to maintain and retain, as well as any growth in the number of, Active Diners, Average Daily Orders, Gross Food Sales and order frequency is not guaranteed; • Our ability to attract and retain restaurants over long periods of time is uncertain; • We may prove unable to attract and retain key employees and personnel to support growth; • Seasonal and weather-related fluctuations in spending by consumers relating to food delivery can be unpredictable; • The acceptable pricing of our services and commission fees to restaurants and diner fees to consumers is uncertain and has not been tested widely; • Our ability to increase services, diner fees and other revenue does not enjoy long historical data trends and any increases in our costs may be met with adverse restaurant response that could materially negatively impact revenue as affected restaurants may withdraw from our Platforms; • We have yet to demonstrate our ability to diversify and grow material revenue sources beyond current services and diner fees; • Increases in marketing, sales, and other operating expenses that we may incur to grow and expand our operations and to remain competitive are unpredictable; • Our ability to maintain gross margins and operating margins can be difficult to predict and impacted by numerous factors beyond our control (for example, due to transaction charge increases, technology cost increases, competitive pricing and other items); • We may experience system failures or breaches of security and privacy that could pose a harm on their own and could affect consumers’ confidence in our services; • We may not be able to adequately manage key third-party service providers; • We may experience changes in diner or restaurant behavior or preferences; • Payment processing costs could increase; • Given the rapid pace of our evolution into a public company, our internal controls may not be able to keep pace with necessary requirements from a business, accounting or legal point of view; and • We may experience safety hazards or issues with independent contractor drivers or third parties that come into contact with the drivers, which could be difficult to predict and which could impact our operating costs and diner or restaurant use of the Platforms. If we become a payment processor at some point in the future, we would be required to comply with applicable laws and standards. Inability to comply with applicable laws or standards could result in harm to our business. Although we currently do not directly store or process payments on behalf of restaurants or diners and use third parties to do so, we may choose to do so in the future. We would need to comply with Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) and Data Security Standard (the “Standard”) if we choose to pursue this possibility. The Standard is a comprehensive set of requirements for enhancing payment account data security that was developed by the PCI Security Standards Council to help facilitate the broad adoption of consistent data security measures. Payment card network rules would require us to comply with the Standard, and our failure to do so may result in fines or restrictions on our ability to accept payment cards if we elected to become a payment processor. Under certain circumstances specified in the payment card network rules, we could be required in the future to submit to periodic audits, self-assessments or other assessments of our compliance with the Standard. Such activities may reveal that we had failed to comply with the Standard. If an audit, self-assessment or other test determines that we need to take steps to remediate any deficiencies, such remediation efforts may distract our management team and require us to undertake costly and time-consuming remediation efforts. In addition, even if we comply with the Standard, there is no assurance that we will be protected from a security breach. Payment processing businesses involve complex financial, 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS cybersecurity and other factors that may be difficult to us. We cannot ensure that the cost savings or additional revenue from becoming a payment processor would exceed the significant costs associated with that decision. While we are currently PCI compliant on our Platforms, there can be no assurance that we will remain compliant. We are subject to a number of risks related to the credit card and debit card payments we accept. We accept payments through credit and debit card transactions. For credit and debit card payments, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time. An increase in those fees may require us to increase the prices we charge and would increase our operating expenses, either of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We currently rely exclusively on one third-party vendor to provide payment processing services, including the processing of payments from credit cards and debit cards, and our business would be disrupted if this vendor becomes unwilling or unable to provide these services to us and we are unable to find a suitable replacement on
