. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to our Satellites in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 38 Table of Contents Extreme weather may result in risk of damage to our infrastructure and therefore our ability to provide services, and may lead to changes in federal, state and foreign government regulation, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Extreme weather has the potential to directly damage our network facilities and other infrastructure and/or disrupt our ability to build and maintain portions of our network and could potentially disrupt suppliers ability to, among other things, provide the products and services we require to support our operations. Any such disruption could delay our Hybrid MNO plans, interrupt service for our customers, increase our costs and have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. The potential physical effects of extreme weather, such as storms, floods, fires, freezing conditions, sea-level rise and other adverse weather events could negatively affect our operations and infrastructure and, as a result, our financial results. Operational impacts resulting from extreme weather, such as, among other things, damage to our Hybrid MNO and/or Pay-TV infrastructure, could result in increased costs and loss of revenue. We could be required to incur significant costs to improve the resiliency of our infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to and mitigate such weather events. It is impossible to accurately predict the materiality of any potential losses or costs associated with extreme weather. Our failure to effectively invest in, introduce and implement new competitive products and services could cause our products and services to become obsolete and could negatively impact our business. Technology in the pay-TV, wireless and broadband and satellite services industries changes rapidly as new technologies are developed, which could cause our products and services to become obsolete. We and our suppliers may not be able to keep pace with technological developments. Our operating results are dependent to a significant extent upon our ability to continue to introduce new products and services, to upgrade existing products and services on a timely basis and to reduce costs of our existing products and services. We may not be able to successfully identify new product or service opportunities or develop and market these opportunities in a timely or cost-effective manner. The research and development of new, technologically advanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment. The success of new product and service development depends on many factors, including among others, the following: the difficulties and delays in the development, production, timely completion, testing and marketing of products and services; the cost of the products and services; the proper identification of current and projected subscriber needs and subscriber acceptance of products and services; the development of, approval of and compliance with industry standards; the amount of resources we must devote to the development of new technologies; and the ability to differentiate our products and services and compete with other companies in the same markets. If the new technologies on which we focus our research and development investments fail to achieve acceptance in the marketplace, our competitive position could be negatively impacted, causing a reduction in our revenues and earnings. For example, our competitors could use proprietary technologies that are perceived by the market as being superior. In addition, delays in the delivery of components or other unforeseen problems associated with our technology may occur that could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenue, offer new products and services and remain competitive. Furthermore, after we have incurred substantial costs, one or more of the products or services under our development, or under development by one or more of our strategic partners, could become obsolete prior to it being widely adopted. 39 Table of Contents If our products and services are not competitive or perceived as not competitive, our business could suffer and our financial performance could be negatively impacted. Our products and services may also experience quality problems, including, but not limited to, outages and service slowdowns, from time to time. If the quality of our products and services does not meet our subscribers expectations, then our business, and ultimately our reputation, could be negatively impacted. We rely on a single vendor or a limited number of vendors to provide certain key products or services to us, and the inability of these key vendors to meet our needs could have a material adverse effect on our business. Historically, we have contracted with and rely on a single vendor or a limited number of vendors to provide certain key products or services to us such as information technology support, billing systems, security access devices and many components that we provide to subscribers in order to deliver services from our Pay-TV, Wireless or Broadband and Satellite Services businesses. We also rely on a limited number of vendors to supply our wireless devices and wireless network equipment used in connection with our Hybrid MNO. If these vendors are unable to meet our needs because, among other things, they fail to perform adequately, are no longer in business, are experiencing shortages or supply chain issues or discontinue a certain product or service we need, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have experienced in the past and may continue to experience shortages driven by raw material availability (which may be negatively impacted by, among other things, trade protection policies such as tariffs and or/escalating trade tensions, particularly with countries in Asia), manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, natural disasters, logistical delays and significant changes in the financial or business conditions of its suppliers that negatively impact our operations. While alternative sources for these products and services exist, we may not be able to develop these alternative sources quickly and cost-effectively, or at all, which could materially impair our ability to timely deliver our products to our subscribers or operate our business. Furthermore, our vendors may request changes in pricing, payment terms or other contractual obligations, which could require us to make substantial additional investments or find alternative arrangements. Changes in trade policies, including, but not limited to, tariffs and other restrictions, could, among other things, increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain and negatively affect our business, operations and financial condition. We depend on suppliers, including suppliers with manufacturing in China and other countries, for various materials in our Hybrid MNO, satellite and related infrastructure, Pay-TV and Wireless businesses. Changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies, including, but not limited to, new or increased tariffs, export controls, trade restrictions or sanctions, have resulted, and may continue to result, in higher costs for the wireless devices and other equipment we procure. Supply chain disruptions, customs delays, new compliance requirements and other challenges may cause delays in deploying network infrastructure and customer equipment, increase our operational expenses and impact our ability to meet customer demand. Although we attempt to mitigate these risks through alternative sourcing and operational efficiencies, these efforts may not be successful or sufficient. If we are unable to pass increased costs to customers without negatively impacting demand, or offset them through other measures, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 40 Table of Contents We depend on independent third parties to solicit orders for our services that represent a meaningful percentage of our total gross new subscriber activations. While we offer products and services through direct sales channels, a meaningful percentage of our total gross new subscriber activations are generated through independent third parties such as small retailers, direct marketing groups, local and regional consumer electronics stores, nationwide retailers and telecommunications companies. Most of our independent third-party retailers are not exclusive to us and some of our independent third-party retailers may favor our competitors products and services over ours based on the relative financial arrangements associated with marketing our products and services and those of our competitors. Furthermore, most of these independent third-party retailers are significantly smaller than we are and may be more susceptible to economic weaknesses that make it more difficult for them to operate profitably. From time to time, we may adjust the economic terms of agreements with our independent third-party retailers to, among other things, further align our interests with theirs. It may be difficult to better align our interests with our independent third-party retailers because of their capital and liquidity constraints. In addition, any changes we may make may not result in the intended benefits on an acceptable timeline or at all and as a result, negatively affect our operating results. Loss of these relationships could have an adverse effect on our subscriber base and certain of our other key operating metrics because we may not be able to develop comparable alternative distribution channels. Risks Related to our Human Capital We rely on highly skilled personnel for our business, and any inability to hire and retain key personnel or to hire qualified personnel may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe that our future success depends to a significant extent upon the performance of Mr. Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and certain other key executives. The loss of Mr. Ergen or certain other key executives, the ability to effectively provide for the succession of our senior management or the ability of Mr. Ergen or such other key executives to devote sufficient time and effort to our businesses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although some of our key executives may have agreements relating to their equity compensation that limit their ability to work for or consult with competitors, we generally do not have employment agreements with them. Our business growth and customer retention strategies rely in part on the work of technically skilled employees. Our response to technological developments depends, to a significant degree, on the work of technically skilled employees. In addition, we have made and will continue to make significant investments in, among other things, research, development and marketing for new products, services, satellites and related technologies, as well as entry into new business areas. Investments in new technologies, satellites and business areas are inherently dependent on these technically skilled employees as well. Competition for the services of such employees has become more intense as demand for these types of employees grows. We compete with other companies for these employees and although we strive to attract, retain, motivate and manage these employees, we may not succeed in these respects. Additionally, if we were to lose certain key technically skilled employees, the loss of knowledge and intellectual capital might have an adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, we believe that our wireless business, including, but not limited to, our ability to operate our Hybrid MNO, is dependent on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain a team of highly skilled personnel with knowledge of the wireless industry. Our wireless business will be adversely affected if we fail to effectively hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel with knowledge of the wireless industry. 41 Table of Contents The success of our business is also dependent on our ability to recruit engineers and other professionals, including those who are citizens of other countries. Immigration laws in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate are subject to legislative and regulatory changes, as well as variations in the standards of application and enforcement due to, among other things, political forces and economic conditions. It is difficult to predict the political and economic events that could affect immigration laws, or the restrictive impact they could have on obtaining or renewing work visas for our professionals. If immigration laws are changed or if new and more restrictive government regulations are enacted or increased, our access to qualified and skilled professionals may be limited. Risks Related to our Satellites Our owned and leased satellites in orbit are subject to significant operational and environmental risks that could limit our ability to utilize these satellites. Satellites are subject to significant operational risks while in orbit. These risks include, but are not limited to, malfunctions, commonly referred to as anomalies, which have occurred and may occur in the future in our satellites and the satellites of other operators. Any single anomaly could materially and adversely affect our ability to utilize the satellite. Anomalies may also reduce, among other things, the expected capacity, commercial operation and/or useful life of a satellite, thereby reducing the revenue that could be generated by that satellite, or create additional expenses due to the need to provide replacement or back-up satellites or satellite capacity earlier than planned and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not be able to prevent or mitigate the impacts of anomalies in the future. Meteoroid events, decommissioned satellites, increased solar activity and other adverse events also pose a potential threat to all in-orbit satellites. We may be required to perform maneuvers to avoid collisions and these maneuvers may prove unsuccessful or could reduce the useful life of the satellite through the expenditure of fuel to perform these maneuvers. Generally, the minimum design life of each of our satellites is 15 years. We can provide no assurance, however, as to the actual operational lives of our satellites, which may be shorter or longer than their design lives. Our ability to earn revenue depends on the continued operation of our satellites, each of which has a limited useful life. We generally do not carry in-orbit insurance on our satellites or payloads because we have assessed that the cost of insurance is not economical relative to the risk of failures. If one or more of our in-orbit uninsured satellites or payloads fail, we could be required to record significant impairment charges for the satellite or payload. Our satellites under construction are subject to risks related to, among other things, construction, technology, regulations and launch that could limit our ability to utilize these satellites, increase costs and adversely affect our business. Satellite construction and launch are subject to significant risks, including, but not limited to, manufacturing and delivery delays, anomalies, launch failure and incorrect orbital placement. The technologies in our satellite designs are very complex and difficulties in constructing our designs could result in delays in the deployment of our satellites or increased or unanticipated costs. There can be no assurance that the technologies in our existing satellites or in new satellites that we design, acquire and build will work as we expect, will not become obsolete, that we will realize any or all of the anticipated benefits of our satellite designs or our new satellites and/or that we will obtain all regulatory approvals required to operate our new or acquired satellites on an acceptable timeline, or at all. Launch anomalies and failures can result in significant delays in the deployment of satellites because of the need both to construct replacement satellites, which can take significant amounts of time and to obtain other launch opportunities. 42 Table of Contents Such significant delays have and could in the future materially affect, among other things, our business, our ability to meet regulatory or contractual required milestones, the availability and our use of other or replacement satellite resources and our ability to provide services to customers. In addition, significant delays in a satellite program could give customers who have purchased or reserved capacity on that satellite a right to terminate their service contracts relating to the satellite. We may not be able to accommodate affected customers on other satellites until a replacement satellite is available. In addition, we generally do not carry in-orbit insurance on our satellites or payloads because we have assessed that the cost of insurance is not economical relative to the risk of failures. If we do obtain launch or in-orbit insurance, it may not cover the full cost of constructing and launching or replacing a satellite nor fully cover our losses in the event of a launch failure or significant degradation. Our use of certain satellites is often dependent on satellite coordination agreements, which may be difficult to obtain. Satellite operators are required to enter into international spectrum coordination agreements with other affected satellite operators and must be approved by the relevant governments. If a required agreement cannot be negotiated, we may have to operate the applicable satellite(s) in a manner that does not cause harmful radio frequency interference with the affected satellite. If we cannot do so, we may have to cease operating such satellite(s) at the affected orbital locations. We may face interference from other services sharing satellite spectrum . The FCC and other national, state, local and international regulators have adopted rules or may adopt rules in the future that require us to share spectrum on a basis with other radio services. There can be no assurance that these operations would not interfere with our operations and adversely affect our business. In the event that the FCC and/or another regulator determines that our spectrum interferes with another service, we may be required to, among other things, find or develop a solution. We cannot make any assurance that we will be able to do so on an acceptable timeline or at all, or that such solution will not adversely affect our business. Risks Related to our Products and Technology Our business depends on certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on our patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other parties, to use our technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question or from the continuation of our business as currently conducted, which could require us to change our business practices or limit our ability to compete effectively or could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time consuming and costly to defend and divert management s attention and resources away from our business. Moreover, because of the rapid pace of technological change, we rely on technologies developed by or licensed from third parties, and if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms or at all, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 43 Table of Contents In addition, we work with certain third parties such as vendors, contractors and suppliers for the development and manufacture of components that are integrated into our products and services, and our products and services may contain technologies provided to us by these third parties or other third parties. We may have little or no ability to determine in advance whether any such technology infringes the intellectual property rights of others. Our vendors, contractors and suppliers may not be required to indemnify us if a claim of infringement is asserted against us, license the potential infringing technology from other third parties or they may be required to indemnify us only up to a maximum amount, above which we would be responsible for any further costs or damages. Legal challenges to these intellectual property rights may impair our ability to use the products, services and technologies that we need in order to operate our business and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology to control access to digital content. If the digital rights management technology that we use is compromised or otherwise malfunctions, content providers may be unwilling to provide access to their content. Changes in the copyright laws or how such laws may be interpreted could impact our ability to deliver content and provide certain features and functionality, particularly over the Internet. We are, and may become, party to various lawsuits which, if adversely decided, could have a significant adverse impact on our business, particularly lawsuits regarding intellectual property. We are, and may become, subject to various legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business, including, among other things, intellectual property disputes. Any adverse finding in such legal proceedings, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Note 15 Contingencies Litigation in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. In addition, many entities, including some of our competitors, have or may in the future obtain patents and other intellectual property rights that may cover or affect products or services related to those that we offer. In general, if a court determines that one or more of our products or services infringes on intellectual property held by others, we may be required to cease developing or marketing those products or services, to obtain licenses from the holders of the intellectual property at a material cost or to redesign those products or services in such a way as to avoid infringing the intellectual property. If those intellectual property rights are held by a competitor, we may be unable to obtain the intellectual property at any price, which could adversely affect our competitive position. See Item 1. Business Patents and Other Intellectual Property in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. We may not be aware of all intellectual property rights that our services or the products used in connection with our services may potentially infringe. In addition, patent applications in the United States are confidential until the Patent and Trademark Office either publishes the application or issues a patent (whichever arises first). Therefore, it is difficult to evaluate the extent to which our services or the products used in connection with our services may infringe claims contained in pending patent applications. Furthermore, it is sometimes not possible to determine definitively whether a claim of infringement is valid. 44 Table of Contents If our products contain defects, we could be subject to significant costs to correct such defects and our product and network service contracts could be delayed or cancelled, which could adversely affect our revenue. Our products and networks we deploy are highly complex, and some may contain defects when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released, despite testing and our quality control procedures. Defects may also occur in components and products that we purchase from third parties. In addition, many of our products and network services are designed to interface with our customers existing networks and end-user devices, each of which has different specifications and utilizes multiple protocol standards. Our products and services must interoperate with the other products and services within our customers networks, as well as with future products and services that might be added to these networks, to meet our customers requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix all defects in the products and networks we sell, in a timely manner or at all. The occurrence of, and failure to remedy, any defects, errors or failures in our products or network services could materially affect our business. As a result, any defect or other problem may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Cybersecurity Any failure or inadequacy of our information technology infrastructure and communications systems or those of third parties that we use in our operations, including, without limitation, those caused by cyber-attacks or other malicious activities, could disrupt or harm our business. The capacity, reliability and security of our information technology hardware and software infrastructure (including, but not limited to, our billing systems) and communications systems, or those of third parties that we use in our operations, are important to the operation of our business, which has in the past and would in the future suffer in the event of system failures or cyber-attacks. Likewise, our ability to expand and update our information technology infrastructure in response to, among other things, our growth and changing needs is important to the continued implementation of our new service offering initiatives. Our inability to expand or upgrade our technology infrastructure could have adverse consequences, which could include, among other things, the delayed implementation of new service offerings, service or billing interruptions and the diversion of management and developmental resources. We rely on certain third parties for developing key components of our information technology and communications systems and ongoing service, all of which affect our Pay-TV, Wireless and Broadband and Satellite Services businesses. Some of our key systems and operations, including, but not limited to, those supplied by certain third-party providers, are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. Interruption and/or failure of any of these systems could, among other things, disrupt our operations, interrupt our services, result in significant financial expenditures and damage our reputation, thus adversely impacting our ability to provide our services, retain our current subscribers and attract new Pay-TV, Wireless, and Broadband subscribers. In addition, although we take protective measures designed to secure our information technology systems and endeavor to modify such protective measures as circumstances warrant, our information technology hardware and software infrastructure and communications systems, or those of third parties that we use in our operations, may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions, including, without limitation, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks and other malicious activities such as unauthorized access, physical or electronic break-ins, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, computer denial of service attacks and other events that could disrupt or harm our business. These protective measures may not be sufficient for all eventualities and may themselves be vulnerable to hacking, malfeasance, system error or other irregularities. 45 Table of Contents For example, certain parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or subscribers into disclosing usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems. In addition, third-party providers of some of our key systems may also experience interruptions to their information technology hardware and software infrastructure and communications systems that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited or no control. We may obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our subscribers, personnel and vendors, and may provide this information to third parties in connection with our business. If one or more of such interruptions or failures occur to us or our third-party providers, it potentially could jeopardize such information and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our or our third-party providers information technology hardware and software infrastructure and communications systems, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations, which could result in, among other things, lawsuits, government claims, investigations or proceedings, significant losses or reputational damage. Due to the fast-moving pace of technology, it may be difficult to detect, contain and remediate every such event on an acceptable timeline or at all. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject to financial losses. In addition, this may divert management s attention and resources away from our business, and therefore adversely affect our business. Furthermore, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain may not cover all expenses related to such activities or all types of claims that may arise. As a result of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse of such information and legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection, privacy and security of personal information, the potential liability associated with information-related risks is increasing, particularly for businesses like ours that handle personal subscriber data. The occurrence of any network or information system related events or security breaches could have a material adverse effect on, among other things, our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Significant incidents could result in a disruption of our operations, subscriber dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation or a loss of subscribers and revenues. We have experienced and may experience in the future cyber-attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a consistent basis. We have experienced and may experience in the future security issues, whether due to, among other things, insider error or malfeasance or system errors or vulnerabilities in our or our third parties systems, which could result in, among other things, substantial legal and financial exposure, government inquiries and enforcement actions, litigation, diversion of management time and attention from our existing businesses and unfavorable media coverage. We may be unable to anticipate or detect attacks or vulnerabilities or implement adequate preventative measures on an acceptable timeframe or at all. Attacks and security issues could also compromise trade secrets and other sensitive information. We are subject to persistent cybersecurity threats to our networks and systems. Although we take protective measures designed to secure our information technology systems and endeavor to modify such protective measures as circumstances warrant, our information technology hardware and software infrastructure and communications systems, or those of third parties that we use in our operations, may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions, including, without limitation, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks and other malicious activities such as unauthorized access, physical or electronic break-ins, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, computer denial of service attacks and other events that could disrupt or harm our business. The protective measures we take may not be sufficient for all eventualities and may themselves be vulnerable to hacking, malfeasance, system error or other irregularities. For example, certain parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or subscribers into disclosing usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems. 46 Table of Contents In addition, cybersecurity threat actors are increasingly sophisticated through various techniques that involve social engineering and/or misrepresentation. Techniques used in cyber-attacks to obtain unauthorized access to, disable or sabotage information technology systems are increasingly diverse and sophisticated, including as a result of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning. Data breaches and other cybersecurity events have become increasingly commonplace, including, but not limited to, as a result of the intensification of state-sponsored cyber-attacks during periods of geopolitical conflict. Various events described above have occurred in the past and may occur in the future. Although impacts of past events have been immaterial, the impacts of such events in the future may be material, including, but not limited to, increase in our DISH TV and Wireless churn rates, reduced new subscriber activations and reputational harm which could increase or accelerate any of the above risks. The confidentiality, integrity and availability of our services and products depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and other enabling systems. Our systems run the risk of damage, intrusion or disruption from, among other things, criminal and/or terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, digital denial of service attacks, phishing and/or other attempts to injure or maliciously access our systems. Some of our systems are not fully redundant and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all possibilities. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems. Failure to respond, mitigate and/or remedy any cyber-attack or other information technology failure on a timely basis or at all, could materially affect our business. Our international businesses expose us to additional risks that could harm our business. Our Broadband and Satellite Services businesses have international operations. In addition to risks described elsewhere herein, the different regions and countries in which we operate our businesses outside of the U.S. expose us to increased risks due to different privacy and cyber-related laws in each of these locations. The same cyber-related issue could have different consequences depending on, among other factors, the region or country of occurrence, the laws applicable in each case and the different levels of enforcement by regulatory and governmental authorities in each jurisdiction. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: data privacy and security concerns relating to our technology and practices could, among other things, damage our reputation, cause us to incur significant liability and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services; software bugs or defects, security breaches and attacks on our systems could result in the improper disclosure of our user data which could harm, among other things, our business reputation and result in legal and/or government action; concerns about our practices about the collection, use, disclosure or security of personal information or other data-privacy-related matters, even if unsubstantiated, could harm our reputation and financial condition; our policies and practices may change over time as expectations regarding privacy and data change. Our ongoing investments in security will likely continue to identify new vulnerabilities within our services and products. In addition to our efforts to, among other things, mitigate the risk of cyber-attacks and improve our products and services, we are making significant investments to assure that our products are resistant to compromise. As a result of these efforts, we could discover new vulnerabilities within our products and systems that would be undesirable for our users and customers. 47 Table of Contents We have discovered and remediated, and may discover new vulnerabilities due to the scale of activities on our platforms, and may not be able to mitigate or fix such vulnerabilities on acceptable timeframes or at all, due to other factors, including, but not limited to, issues outside of our control such as natural disasters/climate change such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, increased storm severity, power loss, and we may be notified of such vulnerabilities via third parties. Any of the foregoing developments may, among other things, negatively affect user and customer trust, harm our reputation and brands and adversely affect our business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject us to litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result in monetary penalties and damages, distract management s time and attention and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight. Acquisition and Capital Structure Risks We, and certain of our subsidiaries, currently do not have the necessary cash on hand, projected future cash flows or committed financing to fund our obligations over the next twelve months, which raises substantial doubt about our, and certain of our subsidiaries, ability to continue as a going concern. As of the date of this report, we and certain of our subsidiaries, currently do not have the necessary cash on hand, projected future cash flows or committed financing to fund our anticipated working capital needs, capital expenditures, interest payments, debt maturities and other contractual obligations over the next twelve months. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and, as a result, a going concern disclosure appears in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We expect completion of either of the AT&T Transactions or SpaceX Transactions to fully resolve our going concern qualification, except for our Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation subsidiary. However, failure to complete the transactions or a significant reduction in consideration from the transactions may result in the continuation of our going concern qualification. The presence of a going concern uncertainty may also adversely impact the price of our securities, harm our current, future and potential relationships with suppliers, vendors, customers, employees and creditors, and may limit our ability to access additional financing on acceptable terms or at all. There can be no assurance that management s plans to mitigate these risks will be successful on a timely basis or at all. If we are unable to secure adequate liquidity on an acceptable timeline or at all, we may not be able to continue as a going concern, which could result in a total loss of your investment. In addition, as our cash and cash equivalents balance declines, the risks described above may continue, increase or accelerate at any time and with or without notice. In the event that the going concern qualification continues after the completion or non-completion of the AT&T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions, we may take additional actions to protect our interest in our wireless spectrum licenses and other assets that may negatively impact the value of your investment in our securities, including, under certain circumstances, filing for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code, if we determine that such an action is in the best interests of the Company and our stakeholders. In addition, even if we complete the AT&T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions, due to government action and creditor claims, our RAN-related infrastructure subsidiary, DISH Wireless L.L.C. ( DWLLC ), may not be able to operate as a going concern. 48 Table of Contents Certain actions that we, or certain of our subsidiaries, may take, including a potential voluntary Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing could have material adverse consequences to us and such subsidiaries, including, but not limited to: (i) disruption of relationships with vendors, suppliers, employees and customers; (ii) limitations on the ability to access capital markets or otherwise obtain financing on favorable terms or at all; (iii) limitations on the ability to take advantage of business opportunities; (iv) reputational harm; (v) potential delisting of securities from trading exchanges; and (vi) significant administrative costs and diversion of management attention. Furthermore, the outcome of any of the actions that we, or certain of our subsidiaries, may take, including a filing for relief under Chapter 11, is inherently uncertain and may result in a loss of control by our principal stockholder or a material reduction in the value or change in the relative priority of existing equity or debt securities. We have substantial debt outstanding and may incur additional debt, and covenants in our Indentures could limit our ability to undertake certain types of activities and adversely affect our liquidity. As of December 31, 2025, our total debt, finance lease and other obligations (including current portion) outstanding, including the debt of our subsidiaries, was $25.980 billion. Our debt levels could have significant consequences, including, but not limited to; making it more difficult to satisfy our obligations; a dilutive effect on our outstanding equity capital or future earnings; increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions, including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates; requiring us to devote a substantial portion of our cash to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby reducing the amount of cash available for other purposes. As a result, we would have limited financial and operating flexibility to changing economic and competitive conditions; limiting our ability to raise additional debt because it may be more difficult for us to obtain debt financing on attractive terms or at all; and placing us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged or can borrow funds at a lower interest rate. In addition, we may incur additional debt in the future. The terms of the indentures relating to our senior notes, senior secured notes and our convertible notes permit us to incur additional debt. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the risks we now face could intensify. We depend upon our subsidiaries earnings to make payments on our indebtedness. Since we are a holding company and our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries, our ability to service our debt obligations may depend upon the earnings of our operating subsidiaries and their ability to distribute cash or other property to us. We have few assets of significance other than the capital stock of our subsidiaries. Furthermore, creditors of our subsidiaries will have a superior claim to certain of our subsidiaries assets. In addition, our subsidiaries ability to make any payments to us will depend on, among other factors, their earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, business and tax considerations and legal restrictions. We cannot assure you that our subsidiaries will be able to pay dividends or that our subsidiaries will be able to otherwise distribute funds to us in an amount sufficient to pay the principal of or interest on the indebtedness owed by us. 49 Table of Contents We have made substantial investments to acquire certain wireless spectrum licenses and other related assets, and may be unable to realize a return on these assets. We have invested a total of over $30 billion to acquire certain wireless spectrum licenses. We may need to make significant additional investments or partner with others to, among other things, further commercialize, build-out and integrate these licenses and related assets and any additional acquired licenses and related assets, as well as to comply with regulations applicable to such licenses. Depending on the nature and scope of such activities, any such investments or partnerships could vary significantly. In addition, as we continue our Hybrid MNO, we have and may continue to incur significant additional expenses related to, among other things, research and development, wireless testing and ongoing upgrades to the wireless network infrastructure, software and third-party integration. As a result of these investments, among other factors, we may need to raise additional capital, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. There is no assurance that the FCC will find our buildout activities sufficient to meet the build-out requirements to which our wireless spectrum licenses are subject. Failure to comply with FCC build-out requirements and/or renewal requirements in a given license area could result in, among other things, acceleration of the build-out deadlines or revocation of the license for that license area. The revocation of a material portion of our wireless spectrum licenses would have a significant material adverse effect on our future business, results of operations and financial condition. As a result of the unforeseeable actions by the FCC, as detailed in Recent Developments FCC Review in Note 1 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we entered into the AT&T Transactions and SpaceX Transactions, whereby we agreed to sell a material amount of our spectrum licenses. In August 2025, following these transactions, we terminated our deployment of our 5G Network, after meeting certain interim and final build-out requirements established by the FCC, and we began the abandonment and decommission process for certain portions of our 5G Network that will not be utilized in the Wireless segment s Hybrid MNO business. We may need to raise additional capital in the future, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all, to fund the efforts described above, as well as, among other things, make any potential Northstar Re-Auction Payment and SNR Re-Auction Payment for the AWS-3 licenses retained by the FCC. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete all build-out requirements or profitably deploy our Wireless spectrum licenses, which may affect the carrying amount of these assets and our future financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, the fair values of Wireless spectrum licenses may vary significantly in the future. In particular, valuation swings could occur if: the consolidation in the wireless industry allows or requires wireless carriers to sell significant portions of their wireless spectrum holdings, which could in turn reduce the value of our spectrum holdings; the sale of spectrum by one or more wireless providers occurs; the FCC pursues certain policies designed to increase the number of Wireless spectrum licenses available in each of our markets; or the FCC conducts additional wireless spectrum auctions. If the fair value of our wireless spectrum licenses were to decline significantly, the value of these licenses could be subject to impairment charges. We assess potential impairments to our indefinite-lived intangible assets annually or more often if indicators of impairment arise to determine whether there is evidence that indicates an impairment condition may exist. 50 Table of Contents We may pursue acquisitions, dispositions, capital expenditures, the development, acquisition and launch of new satellites and other strategic initiatives to complement or expand our business, which may not be successful and we may lose a portion or all of our investment in these acquisitions and transactions. Our future success may depend on opportunities to buy or otherwise invest in other businesses or technologies that could complement, enhance or expand our current business or products or that might otherwise offer us growth opportunities. To pursue this strategy successfully, we must identify attractive acquisition or investment opportunities and successfully complete transactions, some of which may be large and complex. We may not be able to identify or complete attractive acquisition or investment opportunities due to, among other things, the intense competition for these transactions. If we are not able to identify and complete such acquisition or investment opportunities, our future results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. We may be unable to obtain in the anticipated time frame, or at all, any regulatory approvals required to complete proposed acquisitions and other strategic transactions. Furthermore, the conditions imposed for obtaining any necessary approvals could delay the completion of such transactions for a significant period of time or prevent them from occurring at all. We may not be able to complete such transactions, and such transactions, if executed, may pose significant risks and could have a negative effect on our operations. Any transactions that we are able to identify and complete may involve a number of risks, including, but not limited to: t he risks associated with developing and constructing new satellites; the diversion of management s attention from our existing business onto a strategic initiative ; the possible adverse effects on our and our targets and partners business, financial condition or operating results during the integration process; the high degree of risk inherent in these transactions, which could become substantial over time, and higher exposure to significant financial losses if the underlying ventures are not successful on an acceptable timeline or at all; the possible inability to achieve the intended objectives of the transaction; the risks associated with complying with contractual provisions and regulations applicable to the acquired business, which may cause us to incur substantial expenses ; t he disruption of relationships with employees, vendors or customers; and t he risks associated with foreign and international operations and/or investments or dispositions. In addition, we may not be able to successfully or profitably integrate, operate, maintain and manage our newly acquired operations or employees on an acceptable timeline or at all. We may not be able to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies, and this may lead to, among other things, operational inefficiencies. In addition, the integration process may strain our financial and managerial controls and reporting systems and procedures. New acquisitions, joint ventures and other transactions may require the commitment of significant capital that would otherwise be directed to investments in our existing business. To pursue acquisitions and other strategic transactions, we may need to raise additional capital in the future, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. In addition to committing capital to complete the acquisitions, substantial capital may be required to operate the acquired businesses following their acquisition. These acquisitions may result in significant financial losses if the intended objectives of the transactions are not achieved. Some of the businesses that we have acquired have experienced significant operating and financial challenges in their recent history, which in some cases resulted in these businesses commencing bankruptcy proceedings prior to our acquisition. We may acquire similar businesses in the future. 51 Table of Contents There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully address the challenges and risks encountered by these businesses following their acquisition. If we are unable to successfully address these challenges and risks, our business, financial condition and/or results of operations may suffer. We will need additional capital, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all, to fund current obligations, continue investing in our business and to finance acquisitions and other strategic transactions. Weakness in the equity markets could make it difficult for us to raise equity financing without incurring substantial dilution to our existing shareholders. Adverse changes in the credit markets including, but not limited to, rising interest rates and macro-economic conditions, could increase our borrowing costs and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for our operations or for us to refinance existing indebtedness on favorable terms. Continued or prolonged higher interest rates could increase our cost of capital and require us to devote a higher percentage of our cash flow to interest payments, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, economic weakness, weak results of operations or other factors may limit our ability to, among other things, generate sufficient internal cash to fund investments, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other strategic transactions, as well as to fund ongoing operations and service our debt. We may be unable to generate cash flows from operating activities sufficient to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our debt and other obligations. If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash flows from operating activities, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of such obligations prior to maturity. Any refinancing or restructuring could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. In addition, we cannot guarantee that any refinancing or restructuring would sufficiently meet any debt or other obligations then due. If we do not pay interest or otherwise fulfill our debt obligations when due, our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely impacted. Furthermore, our borrowing costs can be affected by short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on, among other factors, our performance as measured by their credit metrics. A decrease in these ratings would likely increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. A severe disruption in the global financial markets could impact some of the financial institutions with which we do business, and such instability could also affect our access to financing. As a result, these conditions could make it difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities because we may not have access to funding sources necessary for us to pursue organic and strategic business development opportunities. 52 Table of Contents The conditional conversion features of our convertible notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition. In the event the conditional conversion features of the convertible Notes are triggered, holders of these instruments will be entitled to convert their convertible notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their convertible notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our Class A common stock which would dilute equity holders, we would be required to make cash payments to satisfy all or a portion of our conversion obligation based on the conversion rate, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their convertible notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the convertible notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which could result in a material reduction of our net working capital. From time to time a portion of our investment portfolio may be invested in securities that have limited liquidity and may not be immediately accessible to support our financing needs. From time to time a portion of our investment portfolio may be invested in strategic investments, and as a result, a portion of our portfolio may have restricted liquidity. If the credit ratings of these securities deteriorate or there is a lack of liquidity in the marketplace, we may be required to record impairment charges. Moreover, the uncertainty of domestic and global financial markets can greatly affect the volatility and value of our marketable investment securities. In addition, a portion of our investment portfolio may include strategic and financial investments in debt and equity securities of public companies that are highly speculative and that may experience volatility. Typically, these investments are concentrated in a small number of companies. The fair value of these investments can be significantly impacted by the risk of adverse changes in securities markets generally, as well as risks related to the performance of the companies whose securities we have invested in, risks associated with specific industries and other factors. These investments are subject to significant fluctuations in fair value due to the volatility of the securities markets and of the underlying businesses. The concentration of these investments as a percentage of our overall investment portfolio fluctuates from time to time based on, among other things, the size of our investment portfolio and our ability to liquidate these investments. In addition, because our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of companies, we may experience a significant loss if any of these companies, among other things, defaults on its obligations, performs poorly, does not generate adequate cash flow to fund its operations, is unable to obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms, or at all, or files for bankruptcy, or if the sectors in which these companies operate experience a market downturn. To the extent we require access to funds, we may need to sell these securities under unfavorable market conditions, record impairment charges and fall short of our financing needs. 53 Table of Contents Covenants in our and our subsidiaries Indentures restrict our business in many ways. There are restrictive covenants in our and our subsidiaries Indentures that restrict us and our subsidiaries (as applicable), under certain circumstances, from taking certain actions such as, among other things: incur or guarantee additional debt; allow to exist certain restrictions on certain subsidiaries ability to pay dividends, make distributions, make other payments or transfer assets; restrict our ability to make investments or make other payments in respect of our equity securities or our other indebtedness; limit our ability to incur indebtedness that is senior to, equal or subordinate to certain Indebtedness, or to engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; enter into certain transactions with affiliates; merge or consolidate with another company; restrict our ability to repurchase or prepay any other of our securities or other indebtedness; restrict our ability to enter into highly leveraged transactions; incur liens; and restrict guarantors ability to engage in new activities . Our ability to, among other things, recapitalize, incur additional debt, secure existing or future debt or take a number of other actions may be limited by the terms of our Indentures, business and tax considerations and legal restrictions, including, but not limited to, repurchasing indebtedness or capital stock or paying dividends and could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on our outstanding Indebtedness when due. Risks Related to the Regulation of Our Business Our services depend on FCC licenses that can expire or be revoked or modified and applications for FCC licenses that may not be granted. If the FCC were to cancel, revoke, suspend, restrict, significantly condition, or fail to renew any of our licenses or authorizations, or fail to grant our applications for FCC licenses that we may file from time to time, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As an example, a loss of a frequency authorization would reduce the amount of spectrum available to us, potentially reducing the amount of DISH TV, Wireless and/or Broadband and Satellite Services offerings available to our subscribers. The materiality of such a loss of authorizations would vary based upon, among other things, the location of the frequency used or the availability of replacement spectrum. In addition, Congress and other Administrative and Regulatory agencies often consider and enact legislation that affects us and FCC proceedings to implement the Communications Act and enforce its regulations are ongoing. We cannot predict the outcomes of these legislative or regulatory proceedings or their effect on our business. Wireless services and our wireless spectrum licenses are subject to regulation by the FCC and, depending on the jurisdiction, other federal, state and local, as well as international, governmental authorities and regulatory agencies, including, among other things, regulations governing the licensing, construction, operation, sale and interconnection arrangements of wireless telecommunications systems. In particular, the FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to, among others, how radio spectrum is used by licensees, the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and resolution of issues of interference between spectrum bands. The FCC grants wireless licenses for terms of generally 10-12 years that are subject to renewal or revocation. 54 Table of Contents There can be no assurances that our wireless spectrum licenses will be renewed. Failure to comply with FCC build-out requirements in a given license area may result in acceleration of other build-out requirements or in the modification, cancellation, or non-renewal of licenses. See Note 15 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. The risk of non-compliance with laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the risk of changes to laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business. Our business is regulated by numerous governmental agencies and other regulatory bodies, both domestically and internationally. Also, our international operations are subject to the laws and regulations of many different jurisdictions that may differ significantly from U.S. laws and regulations. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines or penalties or other sanctions which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Additionally, our ability to operate and grow our business depends on laws and regulations that govern the frequency bands and/or orbital locations we operate in or may operate in in the future. These laws and regulations are subject to the administrative and political process and do change from time to time. We may be affected by changes to government leadership and policy changes resulting from new leaders. We have been subject to such changes in the past and may be subject to such changes in the future and those changes may negatively impact us, including but not limited to, the addition of new regulations, the modification or rescission of past regulations which may be favorable and the increase or decrease of government programs which us or our subscribers may be recipients. Our business could suffer a material adverse impact if laws and regulations change and we are not able to adapt to these changes efficiently. Additionally, we are subject to emerging and evolving regulatory requirements and frameworks regarding environmental, social and governance matters, including, but not limited to, potential new or revised disclosure rules proposed by the SEC and recently enacted or proposed legislation in jurisdictions such as California. The ultimate scope of these regulations may change as they are finalized, and they may not be uniform across jurisdictions. Meeting these obligations may require significant investments of time, capital and personnel. If our internal controls are not effective, our business, our stock price and investor confidence in our financial results may be adversely affected. We periodically evaluate and test our internal control over financial reporting to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. We depend on our third-party vendors internal controls and rely on these controls when evaluating the effectiveness of our internal controls. If in the future we are unable to report that our internal control over financial reporting is effective (or if our auditors do not agree with our assessment of the effectiveness of, or are unable to express an opinion on, our internal control over financial reporting), investors, subscribers and business partners could lose confidence in the accuracy of our financial reports, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business. 55 Table of Contents Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock We are controlled by one principal stockholder who is our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, beneficially owns approximately 51.3% of our total equity securities (assuming conversion of the Class B common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Ergen into Class A common stock and giving effect to the exercise of options held by Mr. Ergen that are either currently exercisable as of, or may become exercisable within 60 days) and beneficially owns approximately 90.4% of the total voting power of all classes of shares (assuming no conversion of any Class B common stock and giving effect to the exercise of options held by Mr. Ergen that are either currently exercisable as of, or may become exercisable within 60 days). Through his beneficial ownership of our equity securities, Mr. Ergen has the ability to elect a majority of our directors and to control all other matters requiring the approval of our stockholders. As a result of Mr. Ergen s voting power, we are a controlled company as defined in the NASDAQ listing rules and, therefore, are not subject to NASDAQ requirements that would otherwise require us to have (i) a majority of independent directors; (ii) a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors; (iii) compensation of our executive officers determined by a majority of the independent directors or a compensation committee composed solely of independent directors; (iv) a compensation committee charter which provides the compensation committee with the authority and funding to retain compensation consultants and other advisors; and/or (v) director nominees selected, or recommended for the Board of Directors selection, either by a majority of the independent directors or a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors. Pursuant to the Amended Support Agreement (which was signed as part of the completed acquisition on December 31, 2023 of DISH Network by us pursuant to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, (the Merger )), Mr. Ergen and the other Ergen Stockholders have agreed not to vote, or cause or direct to be voted, the shares of EchoStar Class A Common Stock owned by them, other than with respect to any matter presented to the holders of EchoStar Class A Common Stock on which holders of EchoStar Class B Common Stock are not entitled to vote, for three years following the closing of the Merger. As a result, Mr. Ergen s effective total voting power is approximately 89.5%. It may be difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our shareholders, because of our capital structure. Certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company that a shareholder may consider favorable. These provisions include the following: a capital structure with multiple classes of common stock: a Class A that entitles the holders to one vote per share; a Class B that entitles the holders to ten votes per share; a Class C that entitles the holders to one vote per share, except upon a change in control of our company in which case the holders of Class C are entitled to ten votes per share; and a non-voting Class D; a provision that authorizes the issuance of blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our Board of Directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt; a provision limiting who may call special meetings of shareholders; and a provision establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by shareholders at shareholder meetings. As discussed above, Mr. Ergen beneficially owns approximately 51.3% of our total equity securities and approximately 90.4% of the total voting power of all classes of shares and such ownership may make it impractical for any third-party to obtain control of us. 56 Table of Contents In addition, pursuant to our articles of incorporation we have a significant amount of authorized and unissued stock that would allow our Board of Directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us. Future issuances of our Class A common stock and hedging activities may depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. Any issuance of equity securities, including the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of our convertible notes, could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders, and could substantially decrease the trading price of our Class A common stock. We may issue equity securities in the future for a number of reasons, including to finance our operations and business strategy (including in connection with acquisitions, strategic collaborations or other transactions), to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, to satisfy our obligations upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or options or for other reasons. A substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock is reserved for issuance upon the exercise of stock options and settlement of restricted share units and stock units. In addition, the price of our Class A common stock could also be affected by possible sales of our Class A common stock, including sales by investors who view our convertible notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in our company and by hedging or arbitrage trading activity that we expect to develop involving our Class A common stock. Our Class A common stock price and trading volume has been and may continue to be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, which could cause purchasers of our Class A common stock to incur substantial losses. Volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock may prevent you from being able to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. The market price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate widely due to many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. Many factors may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate significantly, including those described elsewhere in this RISK FACTORS section as well as the following: pandemics, crises or disasters; our operating and financial performance and prospects; our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry compared to market expectations; future announcements or press coverage concerning our business or our competitors businesses; the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; the size of our public float; coverage by or changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or failure to meet their expectations; market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our business strategies; strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; changes in laws or regulations which adversely affect our industry or us; changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; changes in senior management or key personnel; issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales of our capital stock or other securities; adverse resolution of new or pending litigation against us; and changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including, but not limited to, those resulting from natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of war and responses to such events. 57 Table of Contents As a result, volatility in the market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock may prevent investors from being able to sell their shares of Class A common stock at or above their purchase price, or at all. These fluctuations may be unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance or prospects and may materially reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. If the market price of our Class A common stock experiences significant volatility, including substantial decreases, you could incur a substantial or complete loss on your investment. General Risks Sociopolitical volatility and polarization may adversely affect our business operations and reputation. The current sociopolitical environment is characterized by deep complexity, volatility and polarization on various social and political issues. The increasing intersection of technology and politics has led to rapid and unpredictable shifts in public sentiment. Social media and digital platforms have amplified the voices of various stakeholders, creating the potential for swift change in public opinion and stronger reactions to corporate actions. As a company that sells products and services across the nation to millions of customers, these dynamics increase the risk of negative government and customer reactions, including, but not limited to, potential reputational damage, boycotts and shifts in consumer behavior that could adversely affect our brand, sales and profitability. Our ability to respond effectively, sensitively and authentically to the expectations and concerns of our customers, employees and other stakeholders is key to mitigating these risks. If we are unable to manage these challenges effectively, there may be adverse impacts to our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results. Our articles of incorporation designate the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State of Nevada as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. Any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to this provision of our articles of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit our stockholders ability to bring certain claims, including, but not limited to, claims against our directors, officers or employees, in a judicial forum that the stockholder finds favorable and therefore the choice of forum provision may discourage lawsuits or increase costs with respect to such claims. We may face other risks described from time to time in periodic and current reports we file with the SEC. 
