=== CFG_2026-03-09.htm.gz ===
cfg-20260309 CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP INC/RI 0000759944 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD cfg:pURE 0000759944 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000759944 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000759944 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000759944 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000759944 cfg:ReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 cfg:ReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 cfg:ExclusionOfAverageReportedChangeInPensionValueMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 cfg:ReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000759944 cfg:ExclusionOfAverageReportedChangeInPensionValueMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000759944 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000759944 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000759944 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000759944 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000759944 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000759944 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000759944 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dear Fellow Shareholder, On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to invite you to attend our annual meeting of shareholders to be held on Thursday, April 23, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time at our headquarters located at One Citizens Plaza, Providence, Rhode Island 02903. Building a distinctive franchise In 2025, Citizens continued to build a distinctive franchise, delivering good financial performance and ranking near the top of our peer group for share price appreciation. Guided by our unique enterprise strategy a differentiated and growing Consumer Bank, a best-in-class super-regional Commercial Bank and our ambition to build the premier Private Bank and Private Wealth franchise we are leveraging a decade of smart execution and operating discipline to position Citizens for the future. We have the right leadership, the right priorities and the right mindset to continue building a strong, sustainable and caring bank that delivers for all stakeholders. We remain focused on executing targeted strategies in areas where our strengths set us apart, and we are embracing innovation and bold thinking through our Reimagine the Bank initiative. I am confident that our disciplined approach and commitment to excellence will allow us to deliver sustainable, peer-leading performance and lasting value. Your vote matters Your vote is important and, whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, we encourage you to access electronic voting via the Internet or utilize the automated telephone voting feature as described on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card. Alternatively, you may sign, date and return the proxy card in the envelope provided. You may also vote at the meeting if you plan to attend. Finally, I would like to thank Bill Hankowsky for his service on our Board. Mr. Hankowsky will retire after his current term expires at the conclusion of the Annual Meeting, having served on our board for 19 years. His contributions have been invaluable. We thank you for your support of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. Sincerely, Bruce Van Saun Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2026 "We have the right leadership, the right priorities and the right mindset to continue building a strong, sustainable and caring bank that delivers for all stakeholders" Bruce Van Saun Citizens Financial Group 1 Letter from the Lead Independent Director Dear Fellow Shareholder, In my second year as Lead Director, we have continued to stay focused on what matters most: our customers, colleagues, communities, and shareholders. Volunteerism remains a critical way that we live our Credo and invest in the communities where we live and work. Colleagues logged nearly 267,000 volunteer hours in 2025. We also made great strides this year in building our premier Private Bank and Private Wealth franchise, including expansion across our footprint, while our Commercial Bank continued to invest in capabilities and geographies to best serve our clients. Commitment to strong corporate governance Strong corporate governance remains the cornerstone of how we operate. It helps ensure accountability and supports smart decision-making. Some of the practices we have put in place include annual director elections with majority voting, a mandatory retirement age of 75 for board members, and regular reviews of our board and committee structure. We look at skills, background, and experience, among other factors, to make sure our Board is well-rounded and forward-thinking. Responsiveness to shareholders We have continued to have good dialogue with our shareholders as part of our long-standing shareholder outreach program. As part of our program, twice a year we invite a broad group of shareholders to engage with senior leaders from our Human Resources, Legal, Investor Relations, and Sustainability teams. During 2025, I joined many of these conversations, where topics discussed included executive compensation, corporate governance, and our sustainability efforts. This proxy statement details feedback received during those conversations over the past two years regarding executive compensation and our responses to that feedback. Embracing innovation We are undergoing a major transformation through our Reimagine the Bank initiative, aimed at modernizing operations, enhancing customer experience, and driving long-term growth. We will utilize new technologies like artificial intelligence and agentic artificial intelligence to enhance how we serve customers and how we run the bank. Your support is important to us In this proxy statement, we share essential information about the Board s role in shaping Citizens Credo, values, governance, and strategy. Whether or not you can attend the Annual Meeting, we welcome your interest in Citizens and, on behalf of the Board, I thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, Edward J. Kelly III Lead Independent Director and Chair, Compensation and Human Resources Committee March 9, 2026 2 2026 Proxy Statement Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders Matters to be Voted On Date and Time April 23, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time Location One Citizens Plaza, Providence, Rhode Island 02903 Record Date February 27, 2026. Shareholders of record as of this date are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. 1 Elect the Twelve Named Director Nominees 2 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 3 Ratify the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the 2026 Fiscal Year 4 Shareholder Proposal for the Adoption of a Majority Voting Standard 5 Any other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any reconvened meeting following any adjournment or postponement thereof Admission To attend the meeting you will need proof of your stock ownership as of the record date and a form of government-issued photo identification. If you are the legal representative of a shareholder, you must also bring a letter from the shareholder certifying (a) the beneficial ownership you represent and (b) your status as a legal representative. We will determine in our sole discretion whether the letter presented for admission meets the above requirements. Admission is limited to shareholders and guests are not permitted to attend the meeting. Notice For our Annual Meeting, we have elected to use the Internet as the primary means of providing our proxy materials to shareholders. We will send to shareholders of record a Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Notice") with instructions for accessing the proxy materials and for voting via the Internet. The Notice provides the information above on how to vote, how to attend the meeting and vote in person, and information on how shareholders may obtain paper copies of our proxy materials free of charge. By Order of the Board of Directors Robin S. Elkowitz Executive Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary Stamford, Connecticut March 9, 2026 How to Vote The address of the website for Internet voting can be found on your Notice or proxy card. Dial the number listed on your Notice or proxy card. Mark your proxy card, date and sign it, and return it in the postage-paid envelope provided. Attend the meeting and vote. Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 23, 2026: We will first mail the Notice to shareholders on or about March 9, 2026. On or about the same day, we will begin mailing hard copies of this Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement, our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our 2025 Annual Review to those shareholders who have requested them. Copies of these materials will be available at www.edocumentview.com/CFG Citizens Financial Group 3 Table of Contents to Proxy Statement About Citizens 5 Our Business 5 Our Strategic Objectives 6 Our 202 5 Performance 6 Driving Sustainable Growth 8 Proxy Statement Summary 10 Matters to be Voted at the Annual Meeting 10 Our Board and Governance 11 Executive Compensation 15 Corporate Governance Matters 16 PROPOSAL 1 Elect the T welve Named Director Nominees 16 Director Nominees 17 Director Selection, Nomination , and Refreshment 25 Board Structure 29 Board Oversight Responsibilities 33 Board Engagement and Effectiveness 39 Director Compensation 42 Executive Officers 44 Compensation Matters 48 PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 48 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 50 Executive Compensation Tables 73 Termination of Employment and Change of Control 80 Role of Risk Management in Compensation 88 Dodd-Frank Compensation Disclosure 89 Audit Matters 93 PROPOSAL 3 Ratify the Appointment of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 93 S hareholder Proposal 95 PROPOSAL 4 Shareholder Proposal for Majority Vote Standard 95 Other Items 98 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 98 Delinquent Section 16(a) Report s 100 Other Business at the Annual Meeting 101 202 7 Annual Meeting and Shareholder Proposals 101 Annual Report for 202 5 101 Householding of Annual Disclosure Documents 102 Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Information 102 Information Not Incorporated by Reference 102 Questions and Answers about the Proxy Materials and the Annual Meeting 103 Appendix A Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations 108 Frequently Requested Information Driving Sustainable Growth 8 Key Corporate Governance Practices 13 Board Composition 17 Responsiveness to Shareholders and Say-on-Pay Outcome 50 NEO 202 5 Performance Year Compensation 54 Our Compensation-Setting Process 60 202 5 Performance and NEO Compensation Decisions 62 Questions and Answers about the Proxy Materials and the Annual Meeting 103 4 2026 Proxy Statement About Citizens Our Business Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (the Company or "Citizens" or we or us or our ) is one of the nation s oldest and largest financial institutions, with $226.4 billion in assets as of December 31, 2025. Headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island, Citizens offers a broad range of retail, private banking, wealth management and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations, and institutions. Citizens helps its customers reach their potential by listening to them and by understanding their needs in order to offer tailored advice, ideas, and solutions. In Consumer Banking, Citizens provides an integrated experience that includes mobile and online banking, a full-service customer contact center and the convenience of approximately 3,100 ATMs and approximately 1,000 branches in 14 states and the District of Columbia. Consumer Banking products and services include a full range of banking, lending, savings, wealth management, and small business offerings. Consumer Banking includes Citizens Private Bank and Private Wealth, which integrate banking services and wealth management solutions to serve high- and ultra-high-net-worth individuals and families, as well as investors, entrepreneurs, and businesses. In Commercial Banking, Citizens offers a broad complement of financial products and solutions, including lending and leasing, deposit and treasury management services, foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity risk management solutions, as well as loan syndication, corporate finance, merger and acquisition, and debt and equity capital markets capabilities. $226.4 billion in assets $183.3 billion in deposits $142.7 billion in loans and leases 17,398 full-time equivalent colleagues ~1,000 branches ~3,100 ATMs * Data as of December 31, 2025. Deposits in all 50 states with Citizens Access Over 4 million retail customers across all 50 states * Data as of January 31, 2026. Citizens Financial Group 5 About Citizens Our Strategic Objectives Our strategy is built on a transformed Consumer Bank, a Commercial Bank best positioned among our regional peers, and our aspiration to build the premier bank-owned Private Bank franchise. Our strategic priorities are embedded in our plans and organized into our three customer facing businesses and the functions that directly enable them. Grow high-quality deposits and deepen customer relationships Drive scale in growth markets, key industries, and high-opportunity businesses Deliver high quality solutions and advice Continue to optimize balance sheet and business mix Invest in our people and communities Enablers Next Gen Tech Mobile / Digital Talent Risk Management Brand / Marketing Our 2025 Performance The Company delivered good financial results in 2025, in line with our expectations at the beginning of the year despite periods of market uncertainty and an intensely competitive environment, demonstrating the strength, resilience, and adaptability of our business. We ended the year with robust capital levels, a strong liquidity position, and ample loan reserves. We also continued to invest in our strategic priorities positioning the Company for medium- and long-term growth while supporting our customers, colleagues, and communities. Diluted Earnings Per Share (EPS) Return On Tangible Common Equity (ROTCE) Efficiency Ratio Pre-Provision Net Revenue (PPNR) Total Shareholder Return (TSR) CET1 Ratio $3.86 11.20% 64.4% $2,936MM 2nd among peer group 10.6% Building on over a decade of strategic investments, strong execution, and operating discipline since our initial public offering ("IPO") in 2014, we continue to differentiate ourselves with a unique enterprise strategy across our Consumer Bank, Commercial Bank, and Private Bank and Private Wealth franchise. In 2025, each of these businesses contributed to our strong performance, delivering the power of the whole bank to our customers with our OneCitizens mindset, which connects colleagues across business lines, regions, and functions. With ongoing investments in technology, analytics, and operations and several new members joining our senior leadership team in 2025, we remain confident in our ability to execute our strategy. Our Consumer Bank has been transformed over the past several years with significant foundational investments, adding strong talent, building digital capabilities, and developing robust data analytics. The Consumer Bank is driving strong results following an advice-led, primacy strategy aimed at serving mass affluent and affluent households. In 2025, the Consumer Bank delivered strong deposit performance, including continued differentiated growth in the New York Metro area, underscoring the quality of the franchise and our focus on attracting lower-cost relationship deposits from individuals and small businesses. The Consumer Bank has also distinguished itself as one of the leading home equity line of credit originators in the country, delivering a streamlined process to our customers. Citizens Private Bank made strong progress in 2025, driving record Wealth fees and expanding our presence in key markets. Since its launch in mid-2023, we have added several top private banking and wealth advisory teams, and the business now serves clients in key geographic regions across the U.S., including the San Francisco Bay area, Southern California, Boston, 6 2026 Proxy Statement About Citizens New York, and Florida. We have opened eleven dedicated Private Bank locations and have plans to add several new offices as we expand into attractive markets, which we believe will position the business for continued growth and profitability. As of the end of 2025, Citizens Private Bank clients have entrusted us with $14.5 billion in deposits and $10 billion in wealth assets 1 , and we have extended $7.2 billion in loans to individual and corporate clients. Citizens Private Bank contributed 7% to earnings per share in 2025, well ahead of our 5% target. We believe our Commercial Bank is a best-in-class super regional franchise with national reach , with multi-year investments in talent, capabilities, and industry expertise, serving middle market, mid-corporate, and private capital clients. During 2025, we continued to add top-tier investment banking talent and M A specialists, as well as adding to our coverage teams in Florida, California, and New York Metro to complement our growing Private Bank and Private Wealth advisory teams, expanding our reach in high-growth geographies and sectors of the U.S. economy. In 2025, the Commercial Bank delivered record Capital Markets fees, up 9%, and we believe the Commercial Bank is poised for strong performance with a constructive environment in 2026. The accompanying charts reflect our long-term results on two of the core financial metrics, EPS and ROTCE, which anchor our strategic plan. 2025 reflected year-over-year growth in each of these metrics and we saw strong market support for our financial performance and the sound execution of our strategic initiatives, with total shareholder return in the 2 nd position among our regional peer group during 2025. EPS Reported Underlying* ROTCE Reported Underlying* * Results are presented on an Underlying basis. For 2025, reported and Underlying results are the same. See Appendix A for more information on Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations. Unless otherwise noted, references to balance sheet items above are on a period-end basis and any comparisons are on a year-over-year basis versus 2024. For information on how we define EPS and ROTCE, see page 59 . 1 Client Assets include Assets Under Management (AUM) and Transactional Assets. AUM represent assets for which Citizens Private Bank investment advisory affiliates, Citizens Private Wealth and Citizens Wealth Management (CWM) our Private Bank brokerage affiliate, provide continuous and regular supervisory or management services. Transactional assets represent assets of CWM for which its affiliates provide execution, custody, record keeping, reporting and other administrative services. Citizens Financial Group 7 About Citizens Driving Sustainable Growth An extension of our Credo, Citizens integrated, enterprise-wide Sustainability Impact strategy helps us build a better future for all those we serve. Led by robust corporate governance, this strategy helps guide the decisions we make. It means serving our customers and clients, engaging shareholders, monitoring our environmental impact, and empowering our colleagues and communities to thrive. Our four focus areas, described below, speak to what we believe are strengths of our Company and how we are driving growth and having a positive impact on our business, society, and the planet. Robust Corporate Governance Strong corporate governance is foundational to how we do business. Having a robust corporate governance framework strengthens Board and management accountability, and is essential to ensuring we make sound business decisions. Our key corporate governance practices are described in more detail throughout this proxy statement. Our corporate governance framework aligns with recognized best practices and supports robust oversight and sound decision-making, in turn promoting the creation of long-term value for our shareholders. 11 out of 12 director nominees are independent in accordance with NYSE requirements, and the Board has an independent Lead Director with a formally defined role and responsibilities. Our Board is regularly refreshed. 50% of our Board nominees were appointed in the past 5 years. Our Board includes directors with varied experiences and perspectives which inform discussions and support good decision-making. Our enhanced shareholder rights support robust shareholder engagement and oversight. This includes providing shareholders with proxy access, the right to call a special meeting, and a simple majority vote standard to amend our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and elect directors. Through various forums, we also make opportunities available for shareholders to engage with executive management and the Board. The Workforce of the Future Our human capital management strategy is anchored in a skills-based foundation that drives workforce agility and future readiness. We are creating opportunities for colleague development and leadership, nurturing our pipeline for talent, building a culture of belonging, and creating an environment where colleagues can thrive personally and professionally. We believe a mindset of continuous learning and growth is vital for colleagues, and consistently enhance the resources available to support colleagues' development journeys. In 2025, we further evolved development and training resources for colleagues with the launch of new leadership programming and a new learning operating model that expands learning solutions across the enterprise. Colleagues also have access to a talent marketplace that creates personalized experiences to support skill-building and career advancement, launched in 2024. Listening to our colleagues is important to us and instrumental in helping us prioritize areas of change. Our listening efforts include an annual organizational health survey and additional touch-points that measure colleague sentiment over the course of the year on a range of topics. We aim to foster a culture where all stakeholders feel respected, valued, and heard. Our dedication to building an inclusive workplace centers on welcoming a wide range of skills, backgrounds, viewpoints, and perspectives. We are dedicated to ensuring fair and equitable compensation for all employees. To support this commitment, an independent third party is engaged on our behalf to conduct an annual pay equity assessment. Our 2025 analysis indicated that women are paid 99% of what men in similar roles are paid and there is no pay disparity for people of color. 8 2026 Proxy Statement About Citizens Fostering Strong Communities Supporting healthy thriving communities is the cornerstone of our Credo and a key driver of our success. Across our footprint, we work to expand economic opportunity and strengthen communities by boosting homeownership, expanding access to affordable housing, supporting businesses, and developing innovative products and services that benefit traditionally underserved populations. Our colleagues also volunteer their time, talent, and resources in areas of greatest need in the areas of financial literacy and workforce development. Citizens delivered $9.6 million in 2025, through Destination Home Mortgage, our flagship affordable home loan program offering first-time buyers discounted interest rates, flexible underwriting requirements, and the opportunity to purchase a home with a lower down payment without mortgage insurance. We help address a key element of the homebuying affordability gap by providing closing cost assistance grants to eligible homebuyers. In 2025, we provided $3.8 million in closing cost assistance to first-time homebuyers. Since 2012, we have deployed over $11.5 billion in debt and equity to support the creation or rehabilitation of nearly 63,000 housing units, impacting approximately 700,000 individuals. In 2024 and 2025, Citizens invested more than $10 million in workforce development programs, including our work with Education Design Lab and Year Up United, exceeding funding targets and accelerating access to upskilling, reskilling, and career pathways. As we continue to expand workforce development across our footprint, we announced a new three-year, $20 million commitment that will broaden economic opportunity across the communities we serve. Our Small Business Opportunity Fund (SBOF) provides critical capital to underbanked businesses through partnerships with CDFIs and financial intermediaries and small businesses. In 2025, we invested $7.3 million through our SBOF, for a cumulative total of $82 million since the program s inception in 2020. We enable and equip our colleagues as brand ambassadors, sharing their time, talent, and resources in areas of greatest need in the areas of financial literacy and workforce development. In 2025, our colleagues logged nearly 267,000 volunteer hours benefitting 4,000+ nonprofits, served on 1,000+ non-profit boards or committees, and contributed more than $1 million to community organizations through Citizens' matching gifts donation program (funded by the Citizens Charitable Foundation). Positive Climate Impact The impacts of climate and the transition to a lower carbon economy present risks and opportunities for our business and our stakeholders. At Citizens, we are supporting our clients, empowering communities, monitoring our operational emissions, and disclosing our progress along the way. Through Advisory, Citizens supported clients with expertise in target setting, emissions reduction, risk management, the carbon market, and business opportunities. By leveraging Citizens financing and product solutions, clients aligned their deposits with sustainability activities, procured carbon offsets, and financed equipment supporting electrification, power generation, and emissions reduction. We disclosed for the first time estimated financed emissions for Citizens most relevant lending portfolios, representing nearly 100% of total Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF)-covered lending assets (71.2% of our total loans outstanding), in accordance with the PCAF Global Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Accounting and Reporting Standard. Citizens continued investing in improving our operational efficiencies and the ongoing enhancement of emissions reporting accuracy. In 2025, Citizens reported progress against our 2030 GHG reduction target. Citizens achieved a 7.6% year-over-year reduction in combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based) GHG emissions, which captures the prior year performance, keeping us on track to meet our target. This performance was driven in part by a 6.13% reduction in purchased electricity consumption, reflecting the impact of continued investment in energy efficiency initiatives. Citizens also matched 100% of our operational electricity consumption through Renewable Energy Credits from our Wind Virtual Power Purchase Agreement and expects to maintain this level of coverage. Citizens Financial Group 9 Proxy Statement Summary Matters to be Voted at the Annual Meeting PROPOSAL 1 Elect the Following Nominees as Directors: Bruce Van Saun Lee Alexander Tracy A. Atkinson Christine M. Cumming Kevin Cummings Edward J. Kelly III Robert G. Leary Terrance J. Lillis Michele N. Siekerka Christopher J. Swift Claude E. Wade Marita Zuraitis BOARD VOTE RECOMMENDATION FOR ALL Our Board believes that its director nominees represent an appropriate mix of experience and skills relevant to the size and nature of our business. g See page 16 PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation We are asking shareholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the 2025 compensation of our executive officers named in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table , as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables, and accompanying narrative. BOARD VOTE RECOMMENDATION FOR Our Board believes our executive compensation closely aligns the interests of our named executive officers with those of our shareholders and demonstrates a strong link between executive pay and Company performance. g See page 48 PROPOSAL 3 Ratify the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP We are asking our shareholders to ratify Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year. BOARD VOTE RECOMMENDATION FOR Based on the Audit Committee s most recent evaluation, the Board believes it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to retain Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year. g See page 93 PROPOSAL 4 Majority Vote Standard Shareholder proposal for the adoption of a majority voting standard. BOARD VOTE RECOMMENDATION AGAINST g See page 95 10 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Statement Summary Our Board and Governance Board Nominees The Citizens Financial Group, Inc. board of directors (the Board ) is elected annually. All of our currently serving directors are standing for re-election with the exception of Mr. Hankowsky who will reach our mandatory retirement age of 75 before the Annual Meeting. Additional information about each of the Board's nominees can be found beginning on page 18 . * Chair E Executive A Audit C Compensation Human Resources Q Equity R Risk G Nominating Corporate Governance Citizens Financial Group 11 Proxy Statement Summary Board Highlights We believe diverse perspectives and experiences are critical to robust discussion and effective decision-making. When reviewing the composition of the Board and its committees, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers each director's and nominee's background, experience, independence, tenure, and perspectives. The composition of our nominated Board includes long-tenured directors who bring institutional knowledge, stability and continuity, as well as new directors who bring fresh insights and perspectives. Half of our Board nominees have a tenure of five years or less. We believe the nominees as a whole represent a Board with a strong mix of experience, skills, and perspectives relevant to the size and nature of our business, and our long-term strategy. Director Nominee Skills and Experience The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the aggregate skills and experience of our nominees when assessing the overall composition of our nominated Board. More information about each nominee's skills and experience can be found beginning on page 17 . Director Nominee Representation Director Nominee Tenure Director Nominee Age Director Nominee Independence 66 Years Average Age of Director Nominees Age Range: 58-73 92% of all Director Nominees are Independent 12 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Statement Summary Key Corporate Governance Practices Board Independence and Oversight All director nominees are independent except for the Chairman who also serves as the CEO of the Company Non-classified board structure Independent Lead Director with formally defined role and responsibilities Executive sessions of independent directors held at every regularly scheduled meeting Key committees are fully independent (Audit, Risk, Compensation and HR and Nominating and Corporate Governance) Board Qualifications and Evaluations Board skills and experience aligned with strategy Board orientation and continuing education program supports ongoing director development Board, committee and individual self-assessments conducted annually with an external facilitator Board mentoring program and informal feedback sessions with senior management facilitate engagement and deeper understanding of the organization Board Composition and Refreshment Mandatory retirement age of 75 for directors promotes Board refreshment Director recruitment and selection process considers leadership, relevant experience and skills, independence and perspectives Diversity of tenure provides balance of historical knowledge and fresh perspectives Diversity of age provides balance of extensive experience and new outlooks Gender and racial diversity represented on the Board Board Practices Service on other public company boards limited in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines Stock ownership and retention guidelines for directors and executive officers Annual review of Corporate Governance Guidelines ensures alignment with best practices Succession planning discussions conducted throughout the year Board Oversight of Risk Board oversight of risk is led by the Risk and Audit Committees Risk Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the Enterprise Risk Management Governance Framework and ensuring risks are properly managed to the risk appetites set for each material risk category Updates on cybersecurity risk presented to the Risk Committee at each meeting with additional reporting provided regularly to the Board and Audit Committee Shareholder Rights and Engagement Annual election of directors with majority vote standard for uncontested elections Annual advisory vote on executive compensation Capital structure with one vote per common share Shareholders have proxy access Shareholders have the right to call a special meeting No poison pill Annual Board review of Charter and Bylaw provisions Annual shareholder outreach program with feedback from engagements shared with and discussed by the Board Simple majority vote to amend Certificate of Incorporation Oversight of Sustainability Board oversight of sustainability-related matters On-going review of environmental, social, governance, and sustainability-related matters by the Executive Committee Annual voluntary reporting aligned to Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI") and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB") reporting frameworks Climate reporting aligned to industry standards Culture and Ethics Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which establishes core standards of ethical conduct Conduct Office overseen by the Audit Committee and provides the Board and executive management with an independent and objective view of the Company s conduct risk profile Annual organizational health survey Strong inclusion program Citizens Financial Group 13 Proxy Statement Summary Responsiveness to Shareholders and Say-on-Pay Outcome Throughout the year, we interact and communicate with our shareholders in a number of forums, including earnings presentations, investor conferences, press releases, SEC filings, and sustainability reporting. We also have a structured shareholder outreach program. Feedback we receive is shared with the Board and, together with ongoing reviews of market and peer practice, is used to continue to implement enhancements to our governance, compensation, and sustainability practices and related disclosure. During the last two years, support for our say-on-pay proposal has reflected a decrease in support (approximately 59% in 2025 and 63% in 2024) as compared to historic support levels averaging over 93%. The Compensation and HR Committee takes all forms of feedback seriously, including our say-on-pay support level, and maintains an open dialogue with shareholders through our long-standing shareholder outreach program. Shareholder conversations occur twice annually, during the fall and in the early spring after we file our proxy statement. In each of spring and fall 2025, the Company invited shareholders holding approximately 83% of our outstanding shares to engagement sessions. The Company met with shareholders holding approximately 50% of our outstanding shares. We held discussions with shareholders that voted both in favor of and against our say-on-pay proposal. Many shareholder conversations during 2025 were led by Edward J. Kelly III, our Lead Director and Chair of our Compensation and HR Committee. Engagement discussions also included Susan LaMonica, our Chief Human Resources Officer, as well as representatives from our Human Resources, Legal, Investor Relations, and Sustainability teams. We also met with proxy advisory firms Institutional Shareholder Services and Glass Lewis in 2025 to gain their perspectives. Outreach Meetings Held Lead Director Engagement Key Messages and Themes from 2025 Engagement Shareholders feel the amount of executive compensation has been appropriately and consistently aligned with Company performance. Shareholders, including those that tend to prefer formulaic programs, are pleased with the changes we made in 2024 to our program structure and related disclosure, which continued in 2025. See "Compensation Matters Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Compensation Overview Responsiveness to Shareholders and Say-on-Pay Outcome." The Leadership Succession Awards ("LSAs") granted in 2024 were discussed on most calls, including the extraordinary circumstances that warranted the awards. The Compensation and HR Committee believed the awards were necessary to retain a strong pool of CEO candidates in light of an extremely competitive market for executive talent. Off-cycle awards were not granted to our Chief Executive Officer. Most shareholders understood the rationale for the awards and were complimentary of related proxy disclosure. Despite that feedback, many shareholders did not support our 2025 say-on-pay proposal because they do not support off-cycle awards as a matter of policy. Our commitment to sustainability and our increased disclosure on related topics was appreciated by our shareholders. No Current Plans to Grant Additional Off-Cycle Awards As we expressed in our last proxy statement and in conversations with shareholders, the Compensation and HR Committee is not a proponent of granting awards outside the standard pay and performance cycle in the absence of compelling circumstances. There are no current plans to issue additional off-cycle succession awards in the future. 14 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Statement Summary Executive Compensation The Compensation and HR Committee has designed and administered a program that has a demonstrated history of maintaining appropriate alignment between executive compensation and Company performance, is supported by effective corporate governance and risk management, and is responsive to shareholder feedback as described above in " Responsiveness to Shareholders and Say-on-Pay Outcome " and in further detail in "Compensation Matters Compensation Discussion and Analysis." The below highlights our executive compensation program structure, pay mix, and related processes in place to mitigate the inherent risks associated with executive compensation. Additional information about our executive compensation program can be found in "Compensation Matters Compensation Discussion and Analysis" , including detail regarding 2025 compensation decisions and related rationale. Executive Compensation Program Structure Decision Making The Compensation and HR Committee thinks about compensation in terms of total compensation, making a single variable compensation decision which is then split among a pre-established mix of cash, restricted stock units, and performance stock units. Under this framework, the amount of both short-term and long-term incentives awarded are determined based on an evaluation of Company performance, which varies year-to-year. Executive compensation decisions are made following a comprehensive review of performance across various dimensions. The Compensation and HR Committee determines a corporate performance factor and then assesses each named executive officer based on individual performance and other relevant factors which may impact variable compensation within a specific range (+/- 20% of the corporate performance factor). Compensation targets and decisions are also informed by peer data, compensation history, and input from the Compensation and HR Committee s independent consultant. Our program design allows various dimensions of performance to be considered, which mitigates the risk of disproportionate focus on certain elements of performance and allows the Compensation and HR Committee to be nimble in its decision-making to ensure continued alignment of compensation with shareholders' interests. Form of Executive Compensation A significant portion of our named executive officers compensation is at-risk, variable compensation approximately 88% for our Chief Executive Officer. Our executives generally receive at least 50% of long-term awards in the form of performance stock units with a three-year performance period, which increases to nearly two-thirds for our CEO, President, and CFO. Balancing Risk and Reward The risk performance of our executives is assessed annually by our Chief Risk Officer and the results of that assessment are considered by the Compensation and HR Committee in determining compensation. We maintain an Accountability Review Panel process through which events having a material adverse impact on the Company are reviewed for potential impact on compensation. This is in addition to, and is broader than, our Clawback Policy. We have implemented sound governance processes and features that facilitate an appropriate balance between risk and reward (e.g., robust incentive plan governance, no single trigger change in control cash payments or award vesting, no excise tax gross-ups). Citizens Financial Group 15 Corporate Governance Matters PROPOSAL 1 Elect the Twelve Named Director Nominees Elect each of the director nominees nominated by the Board to serve until the 2027 annual meeting or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee. Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or Charter, and Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that the Board shall consist of between five and twenty-five directors, excluding any directors elected by holders of preferred stock pursuant to provisions applicable only in the case of nonpayment of dividends under the terms of our preferred stock. The Board fixes the exact number of directors from time to time and has fixed the number at 13 until the conclusion of the Annual Meeting when Mr. Hankowsky will retire, following which it will decrease to 12. At each annual meeting, directors are elected to hold office for a term of one year expiring at the next annual meeting. The Board has nominated 12 of the 13 currently serving directors for election at the Annual Meeting to serve until the 2027 annual meeting or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. If any nominee is unable to serve as a director, the Board by resolution may reduce the number of directors or choose a substitute nominee. We are not aware of any nominee who will be unable to or will not serve as a director. Majority Voting and Director Resignation Policy Our Bylaws provide for the election of directors by a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election. This means that the 12 individuals nominated for election to the Board must receive more FOR than AGAINST votes (among votes properly cast at the meeting, electronically or by proxy) to be elected. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not considered votes cast for the foregoing purpose, and will have no effect on the election of nominees. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named. There is no cumulative voting. If any nominee for any reason is unable to serve or will not serve, proxies may be voted for such substitute nominee as the proxy holder may determine. If the election of directors is a contested election, directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Our Bylaws also provide that directors may be removed, with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of shares representing a majority of the outstanding shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Any vacancy occurring on our Board and any newly created directorship may be filled only by a vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office. If a nominee does not receive a majority of FOR votes, he or she shall tender to the Board, via the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, his or her resignation. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider the resignation and make a recommendation to the Board whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation no later than 60 days following the date of the Annual Meeting in accordance with the specific requirements outlined in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. 16 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters Director Nominees Board Composition We believe that the Board nominees as a whole represent a balanced mix of experience, skills, and other attributes relevant to the size and nature of our business and our long-term strategy. The table below indicates certain specific skills and experience for each director which the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers when assessing the overall composition of the Board. Not having such a designation does not mean the director does not possess that skill or experience. Skills and Experience Executive Leadership Financial Services Industry Financial Reporting/Audit/Capital Planning Risk Management Compliance/Regulatory Technology Information Security/Cybersecurity Mergers Acquisitions Corporate Governance Human Capital Management Sustainability Practices Board Independence and Committee Membership Independent N Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Committee Membership E E* E A A A* A A A C C* C C C G G G G G R R R* R R R R Q Q Tenure (years) 12 5 2 10 4 7 6 7 4 5 1 14 Board Demographics Age 68 58 61 73 71 72 64 73 61 65 58 65 Gender M M F F M M M M F M M F Race White Black/White White White White White White White White White Black White Veteran - - - - - - - Y - - - - * Committee Chair E Executive A Audit C Compensation and Human Resources Q Equity R Risk G Nominating and Corporate Governance Citizens Financial Group 17 Corporate Governance Matters Biographies of our Nominees Bruce Van Saun CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Age: 68 Joined the Board: October 2013 Board Committees: Executive (Chair); Equity Other Current Public Company Directorships: Moody s Corporation Career Highlights 2013 to present Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Citizens Financial Group, Inc. 2009 to 2013 Finance Director and member of the board of directors, The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc 1997 to 2008 Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, prior to which he held other senior positions, The Bank of New York Mellon Prior to 1997 Held senior positions at Deutsche Bank, Wasserstein Perella Group, and Kidder Peabody Co. Further Information Mr. Van Saun currently serves on the board of directors of Moody s Corporation (since 2016). He also serves on The Clearing House Supervisory Board (since 2013), the board of the Bank Policy Institute (since 2025), the board of the Partnership for Rhode Island, and the board of our primary subsidiary, Citizens Bank, N.A. ("CBNA"). Previous directorships held by Mr. Van Saun in both the United Kingdom and United States include the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston (from 2019 to 2022), the Federal Advisory Council (from 2016 to 2018), the National Constitution Center (from 2015 to 2019), Lloyds of London (from 2012 to 2016), Direct Line Insurance Group plc (from 2012 to 2013), and Worldpay (from 2011 to 2013). He also served as a rotating board member at the Bank Policy Institute (from 2018 to 2024). Mr. Van Saun received a B.S. in Business Administration from Bucknell University in 1979 and an M.B.A. in Finance and General Management from the University of North Carolina in 1983. Relevant Skills and Experience Executive Leadership Financial Reporting Capital Planning Financial Services Mergers Acquisitions Mr. Van Saun has extensive experience with over 35 years in the financial services industry and service on the boards of other public companies . He has financial expertise and executive leadership experience having served as a Chief Financial Officer at large global banks. His additional role as our Chief Executive Officer brings management s perspective to Board deliberations and provides valuable information about the status of day-to-day operations. Lee Alexander INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 58 Joined the Board: February 2021 Board Committees: Audit Other Current Public Company Directorships: None Career Highlights 2018 to Present Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, The Clearing House 2015 to 2018 Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer, Head of the Technology Group, and member of Management Committee, Federal Reserve Bank of New York 2012 to 2015 Senior Vice President, Head of Application Development, Federal Reserve Bank of New York Further Information Mr. Alexander currently serves as the Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for The Clearing House and is responsible for directing and coordinating all technology and operations across the company. Mr. Alexander also serves on the board of our primary subsidiary CBNA. Mr. Alexander holds a B.Sc. in Computing Science and an M.B.A. from the University of Glasgow in Scotland. Relevant Skills and Experience Technology Financial Services Information Cybersecurity Compliance Regulations Mr. Alexander has extensive technology expertise leading the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's application and development efforts, and was instrumental in the development of a bank and system-wide architecture and for the development and completion of the Fedwire modernization project. He has over 25 years of international management experience in the technology and financial services sectors. He also has experience in cybersecurity and incident response from his service as Chief Information Officer at The Clearing House, and previously as Head of the Technology Group and Chief Information Officer at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 18 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters Tracy A. Atkinson INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 61 Joined the Board: March 2024 Board Committees: Audit (Chair); Risk Other Current Public Company Directorships: RTX Corp. Career Highlights 2019 to 2020 Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, State Street Corporation 2017 to 2019 Executive Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer and Head of Operational Risk, State Street Corporation 2010 to 2017 Executive Vice President, Finance, and Treasurer (from 2016), State Street Corporation 2008 to 2010 Executive Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer, State Street Corporation (from 2009 to 2010), and as Executive Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer, State Street Global Advisors (from 2008 to 2009) Prior to 2008 Served in various leadership positions at MFS Investment Management, and as a Partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers Further Information Ms. Atkinson serves on the board of RTX Corporation (formerly Raytheon Technologies) (since 2014). She previously served on the boards of Affiliated Managers Group (from 2020 to 2024), and United States Steel Corporation (from 2020 to June 2025). She also serves on the board of our primary subsidiary CBNA. Ms. Atkinson is a Certified Public Accountant and received a bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Massachusetts. Relevant Skills and Experience Financial Services Compliance Regulations Financial Reporting Capital Planning Risk Management Ms. Atkinson is an experienced financial services executive serving in various roles for State Street Corporation including Chief Administrative Officer and is a Certified Public Accountant . She has extensive background in financial reporting and capital planning, and in regulatory compliance having served as Chief Compliance Officer, and Treasurer of State Street Corporation. Christine M. Cumming INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 73 Joined the Board: October 2015 Board Committees: Risk (Chair); Audit Other Current Public Company Directorships: None Career Highlights 2004 to 2015 (Retirement) First Vice President (2nd highest ranking officer), Chief Operating Officer and an alternate voting member of the Federal Open Market Committee, Federal Reserve Bank of New York 1999 to 2003 Executive Vice President and Director for the Research and Market Analysis Group, Federal Reserve Bank of New York 1994 to 1999 Senior Vice President for the Bank Supervision Group, Federal Reserve Bank of New York Further Information Ms. Cumming currently serves on the board of MIO Partners, Inc. (since 2018). She previously served on the boards of the Financial Accounting Foundation (from 2016 to 2020), and the American Family Insurance Mutual Holding Company (from 2016 to 2025). Ms. Cumming is an adjunct professor at Columbia University and serves as a trustee of the Columbia-Greene Community College Foundation (since 2022). She also serves on the board of our primary subsidiary CBNA. Ms. Cumming holds both a B.S. and Ph.D in economics from the University of Minnesota. Relevant Skills and Experience Financial Services Compliance Regulations Financial Reporting Capital Planning Risk Management Ms. Cumming is a seasoned bank regulatory executive with over 35 years at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, including serving as First Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. She has extensive background in risk management, monetary policy , and bank supervision having had responsibility for the Bank Analysis and Advisory and Technical Services functions during her service at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. She has experience in crisis management as chair of the Cross-Border Crisis Management Group , an international group of supervisors which coordinated recovery and resolution planning for large, global financial institutions for the Resolution Steering Group of the G-20 s Financial Stability Board. Citizens Financial Group 19 Corporate Governance Matters Kevin Cummings INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 71 Joined the Board: April 2022 Board Committees: Risk Other Current Public Company Directorships: None Career Highlights 2018 to 2022 (Retirement) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Investors Bancorp, Inc. and Investors Bank 2008 to 2018 President and Chief Executive Officer, Investors Bancorp and Investors Bank 2003 to 2008 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Investors Bank Prior to 2003 Spent 26 years at KPMG LLP, serving as a Partner for 14 years Further Information Mr. Cummings joined our Board in 2022 upon the closing of the acquisition of Investors Bancorp, Inc. where he previously served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He is the former Chairman of the Board of the New Jersey Bankers Association and sits on the Board of Trustees of the Scholarship Fund for Inner-City Children. In addition, he is chair of the board of Greater Trenton. Mr. Cummings is a trustee of the Investors Charitable Foundation and the Citizens Philanthropic Foundation. He also serves on the board of our primary subsidiary CBNA. Mr. Cummings previously served on the board of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (from 2014 to 2022). Mr. Cummings is a certified public accountant, has a bachelor s degree in economics from Middlebury College, and a master s degree in business administration from Rutgers University. Relevant Skills and Experience Financial Services Mergers Acquisitions Financial Reporting Capital Planning Risk Management Mr. Cummings is a seasoned executive with 35 years experience in the financial services industry including service as Chief Executive Officer of a regional bank. He is also an experienced auditor and Certified Public Accountant . Edward J. Kelly III LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 72 Joined the Board: February 2019 Board Committees: Compensation HR (Chair); Nominating Corporate Governance; Executive Other Current Public Company Directorships: Dollar Tree, Inc. Career Highlights 2011 to 2014 (Retirement) Chairman, Citigroup Inc. s Institutional Clients Group 2008 to 2011 Held senior positions at Citigroup including as Chairman of Global Banking (from 2010 to 2011), Chief Financial Officer (during 2009), Head of Global Banking (from 2008 to 2009), and President and Chief Executive Officer of Citi Alternative Investments (during 2008) 2007 to 2008 Managing Director, The Carlyle Group 2001 to 2007 Vice Chairman, PNC Financial Services Group, following PNC s 2007 acquisition of Mercantile Bankshares Corporation, which he joined as President and Chief Executive Officer in 2001 before also being appointed Chairman in 2003 Prior to 2001 Held various positions at J.P. Morgan including managing director within the investment banking business, and General Counsel and Secretary, prior to which he was Partner at the law firm of Davis Polk Wardwell Further Information Mr. Kelly serves on the Board of Dollar Tree, Inc. (since 2022) where he is non-executive Chairman. He previously served on the board of MetLife, Inc. (from 2015 to June 2025), and as Chairman of the board of directors at CSX Corporation until January 2019, and on the board of XL Catlin (from 2014 to 2018). He also serves on the board of our primary subsidiary CBNA. Mr. Kelly received his J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1981 and B.A. from Princeton University in 1975. Relevant Skills and Experience Financial Services Corporate Governance Financial Reporting Capital Planning Compliance Regulations Mr. Kelly has extensive background in the financial services industry including serving in executive positions at major financial institutions, and on the boards of other public companies including MetLife, Dollar Tree, and CSX Corporation. He has regulatory, compliance, and governance expertise having served as General Counsel and Secretary of J.P. Morgan, and as a Partner at the law firm of Davis Polk Wardwell. 20 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters Robert G. Leary INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 64 Joined the Board: April 2020 Board Committees: Audit; Risk Other Current Public Company Directorships: Intact Financial Corporation Voya Financial, Inc. Career Highlights 2017 to 2019 Chief Executive Officer, The Olayan Group 2014 to 2017 Chief Executive Officer, Nuveen and TIAA Global Asset Management 2013 to 2014 President, Asset Management, TIAA 2007 to 2012 Served in executive roles at ING including as Chief Executive Officer of ING Investment Management Americas and ING Insurance U.S. Prior to 2007 Served in leadership roles at J.P. Morgan Co. and AIG Financial Products, prior to which he was an attorney at law firm of White Case Further Information Mr. Leary currently serves as a Senior Advisor to LeapFrog Investments (since 2022). He currently serves on the board of Intact Financial Corporation (since 2015), a major insurer publicly listed in Canada and Voya Financial, Inc. (since January 2024). He also serves as Board Chair of Arrow Global Group Ltd. (since January 2024), and Wilton Re Ltd. (since January 2023), which is owned by the Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board, and on the advisory board of RMG Acquisitions III. In addition, Mr. Leary serves on the non-profit boards of the National Forest Foundation, the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions, and the Friends of Acadia (National Park). He previously served on the board of RSA Group plc, a subsidiary of Intact (from 2021 to 2023) and as an advisor to The Council Advisors, a business consulting consortium. Mr. Leary also serves on the board of our primary subsidiary CBNA. Mr. Leary holds a bachelor s degree in political science from Union College and a law degree from Fordham University. Relevant Skills and Experience Financial Services Mergers Acquisitions Financial Reporting Capital Planning Sustainability Practices Mr. Leary has over 30 years experience in the financial services industry. He has expertise in business transformation and mergers and acquisitions having been instrumental in the acquisition and invigoration of Nuveen by TIAA-CREF. Mr. Leary has experience in sustainability through his service on numerous non-for-profit boards, and as CEO of Nuveen, where he oversaw the expansion of TIAA/Nuveen s socially responsible and environmental, social, and governance assets under management. Terrance J. Lillis INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 73 Joined the Board: February 2019 Board Committees: Audit; Risk Other Current Public Company Directorships: None Career Highlights 2008 to 2017 (Retirement) Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Group, Inc. 1982 to 2008 Joined Principal Financial Group, Inc. as an actuarial student, and held various senior actuarial, risk management, and product-pricing roles Further Information Mr. Lillis currently serves on the board of Wellabe Mutual Holding Company (since 2020), the Simpson College Board of Trustees, and the Command and General Staff College Foundation Board of Trustees. He previously served on the boards of MercyOne Des Moines Medical Center (from 2016 to June 2025), and American Enterprise Mutual Holding Company (from 2020 to 2024). Mr. Lillis also serves on the board of our primary subsidiary CBNA. He is a member of the American Academy of Actuaries and a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries. Mr. Lillis received a bachelor s degree from Simpson College after serving in the U.S. Army in the Republic of Korea, and an M.S. degree in actuarial science from the University of Iowa in 1982. Relevant Skills and Experience Financial Services Risk Management Financial Reporting Capital Planning Compliance Regulations Mr. Lillis is a seasoned executive with 35 years experience in the financial services industry. He has extensive financial expertise including experience in capital allocation , portfolio management , and strategic transactions serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Principal Financial Group, Inc. for nearly 10 years, and in various senior actuarial, risk management, and product-pricing roles prior to that, before being named Chief Financial Officer in 2008. Citizens Financial Group 21 Corporate Governance Matters Michele N. Siekerka INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 61 Joined the Board: April 2022 Board Committees: Compensation HR; Nominating Corporate Governance Other Current Public Company Directorships: None Career Highlights 2014 to Present President and Chief Executive Officer, New Jersey Business and Industry Association 2010 to 2014 Served as Assistant Commissioner before becoming Deputy Commissioner, New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection 2004 to 2010 President and Chief Executive Officer, Mercer Regional Chamber of Commerce Prior to 2004 Served in roles including Vice President of Human Resources and Senior Counsel, AAA Mid-Atlantic, and as President and former member of the Robbinsville Township Board of Education Further Information Ms. Siekerka joined our Board in 2022 upon the closing of the acquisition of Investors Bancorp, Inc., which she joined the board of in 2013 upon the consummation of Investors Bancorp's acquisition of Roma Financial Corporation where she served as Board Chair. Ms. Siekerka serves on the board of the New Jersey Innovation Institute, Junior Achievement of New Jersey, Focus NJ, where she serves as Chair, the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) NJ Chapter, the National Association of Manufacturers, and the Conference of State Manufacturing Associations where she is Chair and an Executive Committee member. She also serves on the board of our primary subsidiary CBNA. She previously served on the Board of Choose New Jersey (until 2024). Ms. Siekerka received a bachelor's degree from Rutgers University and a law degree from Temple University School of Law. She also holds the NACD Directorship Certification and is a designated NACD Board Leadership Fellow. Relevant Skills and Experience Corporate Governance Mergers Acquisitions Financial Services Sustainability Practices Ms. Siekerka is an experienced business professional with extensive market knowledge serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of the New Jersey Business and Industry Association. She also has experience in sustainability practices serving as Deputy Commissioner at the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection. She is a licensed attorney with legal and government affairs expertise. Ms. Siekerka also has prior experience serving on the boards of regional banks Roma Financial Corporation and Investors Bancorp, Inc. Christopher J. Swift INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 65 Joined the Board: February 2021 Board Committees: Compensation HR; Nominating Corporate Governance Other Current Public Company Directorships: The Hartford Insurance Group, Inc. Career Highlights 2014 to Present Chairman (since 2015) and Chief Executive Officer, The Hartford Insurance Group, Inc. 2010 to 2014 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, The Hartford Insurance Group, Inc. 2003 to 2010 Held various senior leadership and finance roles at American International Group, Inc. Prior to 2003 Head of the Global Insurance Industry Practice at KPMG LLP which he joined as a certified public accountant focused on financial services Further Information Mr. Swift is on the executive committee and the board of directors of the American Property Casualty Insurance Association. He also serves on the board of Hartford HealthCare (since 2025). He is a member of the Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose, Council on Foreign Relations, and The Geneva Association. He also serves on the board of our primary subsidiary CBNA. Mr. Swift holds a bachelor s degree in accounting from Marquette University, where he is also a trustee. Relevant Skills and Experience Executive Leadership Financial Reporting Capital Planning Risk Management Sustainability Practices Mr. Swift is a seasoned executive with over 35 years experience in the insurance industry and expertise in risk management. He has extensive background in financial reporting and capital planning having served as a chief financial officer and certified public accountant. He also has experience in global restructuring and mergers and acquisitions . Mr. Swift serves on numerous industry associations, and has experience in sustainability practices as a member of Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose. 22 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters Claude E. Wade INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 58 Joined the Board: March 2025 Board Committees: Risk Other Current Public Company Directorships: None Career Highlights 2021 to Present (expected retirement March 31, 2026) Executive Vice President, Chief Digital Officer, Global Head of Operations and Claims, AIG, Inc. 2017 to 2021 Served as Global Head, Client Experience and Head, Atlanta Innovation Hub and prior to that as Global Chief Operating Officer, Institutional Client Business, BlackRock Inc. 2011 to 2017 Served in various roles at Marsh LLC and Guy Carpenter Company, both operating subsidiaries of Marsh McLennan, including Chief Operating Officer, Global Risk Specialties, Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Canada, and Managing Director and Head, Global Transformation Prior to 2006 Served in various risk, compliance, and strategy roles at Fannie Mae, PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., Prudential Financial, Inc., and Dean Witter Reynolds, Inc. Further Information Mr. Wade joined our board on March 1, 2025. He also serves on the board of our primary subsidiary CBNA. He previously served on the boards of Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce Executive (from 2019 to 2021), the Georgia Research Alliance (from 2020 to 2021), and the Woodruff Arts Center (from 2020 to 2021). Mr. Wade is a Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Certified Agile Scrum Master. He received his MBA from New York University, Stern School of Business and his B.A. in finance from Pace University. Relevant Skills and Experience Financial Services Compliance Regulations Technology Risk Management Mr. Wade has an extensive background in the financial services industry with over 30 years experience. He is a proven leader in operational and technology transformation experienced in modernizing and streamlining operations and client engagement in digital ways as a result of his roles at AIG, BlackRock, and Marsh LLC and Guy Carpenter Company, both operating subsidiaries of Marsh McLennan. He has expertise in risk and compliance serving in compliance and strategy roles at Prudential, and as Chief Risk Officer of PNC Global Investment Servicing before serving in process improvement and risk roles at Fannie Mae. Marita Zuraitis INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Age: 65 Joined the Board: May 2011 Board Committees: Compensation HR; Nominating Corporate Governance Other Current Public Company Directorships: Horace Mann Educators Corporation Career Highlights 2013 to Present Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of Horace Mann Educators Corporation 2004 to 2013 President, Property and Casualty Companies and member of the Executive Leadership Team, The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. 1998 to 2004 President and Chief Executive Officer, Commercial Lines for The St. Paul Travelers Companies Prior to 1998 Served in underwriting and field management positions with United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company, and Aetna Life and Casualty Further Information Ms. Zuraitis serves as a member of the board of trustees for the American Institute for Chartered Property and Casualty Underwriters, and has served on its executive and compensation committees since 2009. She is a member of the board of directors of CopperPoint (since 2021), a mutual insurance holding company. She also serves on the board of directors of our primary subsidiary CBNA. Ms. Zuraitis is a past chair of the board of trustees for NCCI Holdings, Inc., a provider of workers compensation data analytics and a past member of the board of Worcester Academy in Worcester, Massachusetts. Ms. Zuraitis received a bachelor's degree from Fairfield University. Relevant Skills and Experience Executive Leadership Risk Management Financial Reporting Capital Planning Mergers Acquisitions Ms. Zuraitis is a seasoned executive with over 30 years of experience in the insurance industry including serving as Chief Executive Officer of Horace Mann Educators Corporation. She has expertise in risk management, financial reporting and capital planning, and mergers and acquisitions . Ms. Zuraitis also has experience serving on the boards of other companies and academic institutions . Citizens Financial Group 23 Corporate Governance Matters Director Independence Our Board uses the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) criteria to determine director independence. Under the NYSE rules, the Board also broadly considers all other relevant facts and circumstances that bear on the materiality of each director s relationship with the Company, including the potential for conflicts of interest. In addition, the Board considers whether the Company or one of its subsidiaries has a lending relationship, deposit relationship, or other banking or commercial relationship with a director, an immediate family member, or an entity with which the director or a family member is affiliated by reason of being a director, an officer, or a significant shareholder. Any such relationship must meet the following criteria: (i) it must be in the ordinary course of business and on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated persons and (ii) with respect to extensions of credit by the Company or its subsidiaries: (a) such extensions of credit have been made in compliance with applicable law, including Federal Reserve Regulation O and Section 13(k) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and (b) no event of default has occurred and is continuing beyond any period of cure. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates each prospective and incumbent director, on an annual basis, using the foregoing standards and other factors it deems appropriate before making a recommendation to the Board regarding the independence or non-independence of each person. We determined that each of Mr. Alexander, Ms. Atkinson, Ms. Cumming, Mr. Cummings, Mr. Kelly, Mr. Leary, Mr. Lillis, Ms. Siekerka, Mr. Swift, Mr. Wade, and Ms. Zuraitis was independent within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and NYSE. Mr. Hankowsky, who is retiring from our Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting, was also determined to be independent. We also determined that each committee member meets the independence requirements within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and NYSE for the committees on which they serve, and that each of Ms. Atkinson, Ms. Cumming, Mr. Leary, and Mr. Lillis is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and NYSE. For further information on committee independence and expertise, see Board Structure Committees of the Board. 24 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters Director Selection, Nomination, and Refreshment Our Board has delegated responsibility for the selection and recommendation of director nominees to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Nomination Process Upon the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation, a slate of directors is nominated by the Board and submitted to a shareholder vote annually. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also evaluates and recommends candidates for the Board as vacancies or newly created positions occur. New candidates may be identified to serve on the Board through recommendations from independent directors or members of management, search firms or other sources, and shareholders. Evaluations of prospective candidates typically include a review of the candidate s background and qualifications, interviews with the Committee as a whole, one or more members of the Committee, or one or more other Board members, and discussions within the Committee and the full Board. Assess Composition Committee assesses composition considering director skills and experience, and diversity of perspectives to determine a prospective director candidate profile. For more details on our Board composition, see Director Nominees Board Composition. Identify Candidates Committee works with directors and other stakeholders, and may work with third-party search firms, to identify candidates with the desired profile and who meet the following required criteria for Board membership: Demonstrated leadership, experience, or relevant knowledge Financial literacy, risk management experience, and other business experience and acumen Analytical and critical thinking skills Independent thought and judgment Time availability and commitment Highest character, reputation, and integrity Collegiality and ability to work as part of a team Evaluate Candidates Committee evaluates slate of candidates. Evaluations are based on the required criteria, each candidate s background, qualifications, independence, performance, and the overall composition of the Board. Recommend Committee makes a recommendation of Board and committee membership for the candidate(s) who will enhance the expertise, experience, composition, and overall strength of the Board. Annual Review Committee evaluates directors annually. In doing so, it considers their individual performance, skills, expertise, and experience, as well as the composition of the Board as a whole. For additional information, see Board Engagement and Effectiveness Board, Committee, and Director Evaluations. Citizens Financial Group 25 Corporate Governance Matters Any shareholder who wishes to recommend a prospective candidate for the Board for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may do so by submitting the name and qualifications of the prospective candidate in writing to the following address: Corporate Secretary, 600 Washington Boulevard, Stamford, Connecticut 06901. Shareholders must propose nominees for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in accordance with the procedures and other requirements set forth in our Bylaws. See Other Items 2027 Annual Meeting and Shareholder Proposals. Re-Nomination Process The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee understands the importance of critically evaluating individual directors and their contributions to the Board in connection with making re-nomination recommendations to the Board. In considering whether to recommend re-nomination of a director for election at our Annual Meeting, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the following factors: The extent to which the director s judgment , skills , qualifications, and experience continue to contribute to the success of our Board and our Company; Independence , including enhanced independence requirements for certain committees; The extent to which the director contributes to the diversity of perspectives and experiences of our Board; Attendance and participation at, and preparation for, Board and committee meetings; Shareholder feedback , including the support received at our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders; Feedback from the annual Board evaluation and related individual discussions between each non-employee director and our Lead Independent Director; and Outside boards and other affiliations , including overboarding considerations, time commitment, and any actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Board Qualifications, Skills, and Experience The most qualified candidates are sought for all open board positions based on the required criteria outlined in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board values diverse perspectives and experiences, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers each person s background, experience, independence, and tenure when recommending candidates for appointment to the Board, re-nominating current directors, and reviewing Board and committee composition. When reviewing Board and committee composition during succession planning, and in the recruitment and evaluation of directors, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the skills and experience represented by individual directors as well as the Board as a whole. The specific skills and experience considered most valuable to our Board in the context of the Company s current strategy are outlined below. 26 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters Executive Leadership Experience operating in an executive leadership position demonstrates the abilities required to understand and direct our business operations, analyze risk, manage human capital, oversee implementation of organizational change, and deliver our strategic objectives. Financial Services Industry Understanding the products and services we offer, our competitive environment, and the regulatory framework in which we operate gives directors the knowledge and experience necessary to challenge effectively and oversee management in its execution of our business operations and implementation of our strategic plan. Financial Reporting/Audit/Capital Planning An understanding of financial reporting structures and internal controls to ensure accuracy and transparency in reporting, coupled with the ability to understand complex financial management and capital allocation allows directors to provide robust challenge and oversight as we continue to optimize our balance sheet and business mix. Risk Management Risk is inherent in the operation of our business. Having directors with experience and expertise in risk management allows the Board to provide robust challenge in its independent oversight of the design and implementation of the Company s Enterprise Risk Management Governance Framework (the ERMGF ) under which all risks are managed. Compliance/Regulatory Operating in a heavily regulated industry, having directors with legal and/or regulatory expertise assists the Board s understanding of the applicable requirements and how they pertain to the Company, which helps facilitate effective monitoring of the implementation of our policies and procedures designed to ensure our business is conducted in compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Technology Technology is critical to all aspects of our business operations from the mobile and digital capabilities which support delivery of our products and services to our customers, to maximizing our human capital by providing new tools and capabilities to enable our colleagues. With the rapid pace of change, having directors with relevant expertise can provide valuable guidance in managing technology initiatives and implementation of new solutions to support delivery of business objectives. Information Security/Cybersecurity As a financial services company that relies on technology, we are exposed to information security and cybersecurity risk on an ongoing basis. Directors with technology, information security, and cybersecurity expertise enhance the Board s collective understanding and oversight of the management of these risks. Mergers and Acquisitions As we look to drive scale in key areas of our business, directors with previous experience with mergers and acquisitions who can effectively assess opportunities for alignment with our strategic objectives assist in the strong execution and integration of transactions. Corporate Governance Directors with experience and knowledge of best practices in corporate governance ensure the Company develops and maintains a strong corporate governance framework which is key to Citizens' successful business operations, upholds our Values, and promotes long-term shareholder value. Human Capital Management Directors with an understanding of the impact of a company s employees and culture on productivity, as well as experience in talent management and mobilizing strategic organizational change provide valuable insight to the Board and management. Sustainability Practices Having directors with knowledge of and experience in practices which align to our sustainability-related areas of focus helps the Board to monitor the Company's sustainability-related activities including for strategic alignment with our business priorities. Citizens Financial Group 27 Corporate Governance Matters Board Refreshment and Succession Planning Diversity of tenure is important to the Board in ensuring robust oversight. Having longer-tenured directors provides the Board with institutional knowledge and provides continuity in guiding the Company's long-term strategy and stability during periods of uncertainty. Our longer-tenured directors have established trusted relationships with management and acquired a deep understanding of the Company's Credo, mission, values, and culture. The Board also recognizes the importance of having newer directors who complement the skills of long-tenured directors by adding fresh perspectives, innovative ideas, and additional skills. Director Nominee Tenure Ranges 6.4 Years Average Tenure The Board has maintained an active and successful Board refreshment process, appointing six new directors in the past five years, contributing to a strong mix of experience, skills, and perspectives relevant to the size and nature of our business and our long-term strategy. Refreshed Board Composition and Leadership 2021 2022 2024 2025 Lee Alexander Christopher J. Swift Kevin Cummings Michele N. Siekerka Tracy A. Atkinson Claude E. Wade The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also considers the periodic rotation of committee members so that each committee has an appropriate balance of experience and fresh perspectives. In the past five years, four directors have rotated onto the Audit Committee, five directors have rotated onto the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, five directors have rotated onto the Risk Committee, and four directors have rotated onto the Compensation and HR Committee. 28 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters Board Structure The following sections provide an overview of our Board governance structure and processes as well as key aspects of our Board operations and oversight, which collectively provide a strong governance framework that supports the Board in discharging its duties. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines which outline the Board s expectations as to how the Board, its various committees, individual directors, and management should perform their functions. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are reviewed annually and address: The Board s roles and responsibilities concerning corporate strategy, risk management, succession planning, annual evaluation, and director compensation; Board structure and composition including size, independence, leadership, and committee structure and responsibilities; Qualifications and selection of directors; Board membership requirements concerning participation and preparation for Board meetings, stock ownership, participation on other boards, conflicts of interest, director orientation and continuing education, term limits, tenure, and mandatory retirement age for directors; and Board operations including Board agendas, executive sessions of independent directors, and access to management and independent advisors. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on the corporate governance section of our website at https://investor.citizensbank.com/about-us/investor-relations/corporate-governance.aspx . Board Leadership The Board believes that the Company and its shareholders are best served by allowing the Board to exercise its judgment regarding the most appropriate Board leadership structure at a given time. The Board reviews its leadership structure periodically and in doing so considers the composition of the Board, the needs of the Company and its shareholders, shareholder feedback, peer company practices, and other factors, retaining the flexibility and discretion to allocate the responsibilities of the offices of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in any manner that serves the best interests of the Company. This includes considering whether the same individual should serve as both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or whether the roles should be separated. At this time, the Board believes it is in the best interests of its stakeholders that the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer be combined, and that a Lead Independent Director be appointed. The Board believes combining the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer benefits all of our stakeholders by providing the Company with a single point of leadership, facilitating efficient and effective governance, and ensuring the Board is kept apprised in a timely manner of current risks and issues that may affect the Company. Mr. Van Saun s in-depth knowledge of the Company, industry expertise, and proven business acumen makes him highly-qualified to serve as our Chairman, lead our Board discussions, and ensure our strategic objectives drive the way we execute our business. To maintain independent oversight of the Company and management where the Chairman also serves as Chief Executive Officer, the Board, based on a recommendation from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, appoints a Lead Independent Director annually. The Lead Independent Director facilitates communication between independent directors and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, provides advice and guidance to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on board leadership, executive management, and strategic matters, and has the authority to call meetings of the independent directors. Mr. Kelly, having extensive knowledge of our industry and more than 20 years of experience serving as a director at numerous public company boards across different industries, serves in this role. Outlined below is a summary of the key duties and responsibilities of the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and the Lead Independent Director which are described in full in our Corporate Governance Guidelines which are available on the corporate governance section of our website at https://investor.citizensbank.com/about-us/investor-relations/corporate-governance.aspx . Citizens Financial Group 29 Corporate Governance Matters Bruce Van Saun Chairman Presides at all meetings of the Board and annual meeting of shareholders Together with the Lead Independent Director, reviews and approves the meeting agendas and schedules to ensure appropriate content, and sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items Facilitates and encourages communication between management and the Board CEO Manages and directs the business and affairs of the Company under the oversight of the Board Develops and executes the Company's strategy against short- and long-term objectives Builds and oversees the executive team Edward J. Kelly III Lead Independent Director Facilitator Collaborator Presides at Board and shareholder meetings where the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors Serves as a liaison, facilitating communication between independent directors and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Provides advice and guidance to the Chairman on board leadership, executive management, and corporate strategy matters Reviews and approves agendas/agenda planners and materials for Board meetings in coordination with the Chairman, adding items to the agendas as appropriate Calls meetings of the independent directors as required Independent Advocate Communicator Independent advocate ensuring accountability to investors when potential conflicts of interest arise between management and shareholders Discusses with the CEO, together with the Chair of the Compensation and HR Committee, the results of the Board s annual evaluation of the CEO s performance Communicates with major shareholders and regulators upon request Executive Sessions of Our Non-Employee Directors The Company s non-employee directors, who are all independent, participate in regularly scheduled executive sessions in which management does not participate. In addition, each of the Board committees, which are comprised solely of independent directors, hold regularly scheduled executive sessions. Our Lead Independent Director presides over each executive session of the Board. Any shareholder who wishes to communicate with our Lead Director, Mr. Kelly, or any of our other directors may do so in the manner described in " Board Engagement and Effectiveness Communications with the Board." Committees of the Board Our Board has six standing committees. Four of these committees (Audit, Compensation and HR, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Risk) meet on a regular basis. The Executive Committee meets as needed and is composed of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Van Saun, our Lead Independent Director and Chair of the Compensation and 30 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters HR Committee, Mr. Kelly, and Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Mr. Hankowsky. The Executive Committee may act on behalf of the Board and reports its actions to the full Board. The Equity Committee is composed of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and acts as needed to make equity grants (subject to certain limitations determined by the Compensation and HR Committee) between annual grant cycles and reports its actions to the Compensation and HR Committee. See Compensation Matters Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Governance Process for Approval of Equity Grants. In carrying out its duties, each committee of the Board is authorized to select, retain, terminate, and approve fees and other terms of independent legal or other advisors as it deems appropriate without seeking approval of management or the full Board. Tracy A. Atkinson (Chair) Members: Lee Alexander Christine M. Cumming Robert G. Leary Terrance J. Lillis Meetings held in 2025: 11 Audit Committee The Audit Committee reviews and, as it deems appropriate, recommends to the Board our internal accounting and financial controls and the accounting principles and auditing practices and procedures to be employed in preparation and review of our financial statements. The Audit Committee is also directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, and evaluation of the qualifications, independence, and performance of our independent public auditors. Each member of the Audit Committee meets the independence requirements of the NYSE and is financially literate, and each member of the Audit Committee is an independent director under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In addition, each of Ms. Atkinson, Ms. Cumming, Mr. Leary, and Mr. Lillis is an audit committee financial expert. The Audit Committee charter is available on the corporate governance section of our website at https://investor.citizensbank.com/about-us/investor-relations/corporate- governance.aspx . Edward J. Kelly III (Chair) Members: William P. Hankowsky Michele N. Siekerka Christopher J. Swift Marita Zuraitis Meetings held in 2025: 7 Compensation HR Committee The Compensation and HR Committee establishes, implements, and monitors our executive compensation plans and programs and determines compensation for our CEO and other executives. The Compensation and HR Committee also oversees our material compensation and benefit plans, talent management and succession planning, and human capital management matters, including but not limited to, culture and inclusion. In addition, the Compensation and HR Committee makes recommendations to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board on non-employee director compensation and is responsible for administering and managing the investments of Company pension plans, which it has delegated to a senior management committee, the Pension Committee. Each member of the Compensation and HR Committee meets the independence requirements of the NYSE and Rule 10C-1 of the Exchange Act and is a non-employee director under Exchange Act Rule 16b-3. Compensation Advisory Partners, LLC provides guidance and advice to the Compensation and HR Committee on compensation-related matters. See Compensation Matters Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Governance Compensation Consultant. The Compensation and HR Committee charter is available on the corporate governance section of our website at https://investor.citizensbank.com/about-us/investor-relations/corporate-governance.aspx . Citizens Financial Group 31 Corporate Governance Matters William P. Hankowsky (Chair) Members: Edward J. Kelly III Michele N. Siekerka Christopher J. Swift Marita Zuraitis Meetings held in 2025: 4 Nominating Corporate Governance Committee The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews and, as it deems appropriate, recommends to the Board policies and procedures relating to director and Board committee nominations and corporate governance. It also reviews and approves non-employee director compensation and oversees the development and implementation of the Board director orientation and continuing education program including the annual Board training plan, the annual Board and committee self-evaluation process, and the Company s commitment to sustainability-related matters and reporting. Each member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meets the independence requirements of the NYSE. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter is available on the corporate governance section of our website at https://investor.citizensbank.com/about-us/investor-relations/corporate-governance.aspx . Christine M. Cumming (Chair) Members: Tracy A. Atkinson Kevin J. Cummings Robert G. Leary Terrance J. Lillis Claude E. Wade Meetings held in 2025: 6 Risk Committee The Risk Committee reviews and, as it deems appropriate, recommends to the Board the design and implementation of our risk strategy and policy, risk appetite framework, and specific risk appetites and limits. The Risk Committee also oversees our enterprise risk management governance framework and reviews the due diligence of any proposed strategic transaction. In addition, the Risk Committee oversees the Chief Risk Officer and the internal risk management function of the Company. Each member of the Risk Committee meets the director independence requirements of the NYSE. As required by the Risk Committee charter, the chair of the committee, Ms. Cumming, is also a non-executive director who meets the criteria for independence specified by the Federal Reserve Board s Enhanced Prudential Standards (12 CFR 252.33(a)(4)(ii)). Ms. Cumming has experience, as required by federal banking regulations for at least one Risk Committee member, in identifying, assessing, and managing large, complex financial firms risk exposures relevant to the Company s particular risks and commensurate with the Company s structure, risk profile, complexity, activities, and size. The Risk Committee charter is available on the corporate governance section of our website at https://investor.citizensbank.com/about-us/investor-relations/corporate-governance.aspx . 32 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters Board Oversight Responsibilities Our Board and its committees provide centralized oversight of the Company and its business operations. In its oversight of management, the Board monitors the Company to ensure it has established policies and procedures which allow for implementation of a sound system of internal controls. This includes policies and procedures for enterprise risk management; appropriate risk appetite and limits; capital and liquidity management and execution of debt and equity capital markets transactions; proper accounting and financial statements; compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and expectations; and execution against the Company s strategic plan. COMMITTEES BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUDIT RISK COMPENSATION HR NOMINATING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Oversees enterprise risk and risk management strategies, policies, procedures, and mitigation efforts Oversees Cybersecurity risk Oversees utility operations, strategy, and safety Oversees capital allocation related to sustainability initiatives Ensures that a measured approach to AI is applied within a foundational governance structure that provides appropriate guardrails Oversees evaluation of systems of internal control, financial reporting, and public disclosure Reviews the accuracy and completeness of financial results Oversees our Conduct Office, which monitors colleague behavior in relation to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, sales practices, and other key policy considerations Oversees the adoption and usage of AI to support critical business areas under its purview Oversees design, implementation, and operation of the ERMGF, which sets standards for the identification, assessment, monitoring, and control of material risks and related governance Reviews and, as it deems appropriate, recommends to the Board the implementation of the Company s risk strategy, Risk Appetite Framework, and specific risk appetites and limits Oversees management of AI-related risk under the ERMGF Evaluates executive performance, including risk performance, and approves compensation Establishes and monitors compensation and benefit programs and performs an annual risk review of compensation plans Reviews director compensation, with input from its independent consultant Oversees talent management and succession planning at the executive level and for the organization overall as well as other human capital matters Considers how the latest technology trends impact the modern workforce Oversees governance practices, independence, and effectiveness of the Board Oversees the Company s commitment to sustainability-related matters Oversees the development and implementation of the Board's annual training and continuing education program Both the Risk and Audit Committees oversee the management of our cybersecurity risk. Regular reporting on cybersecurity and cyber threats as they continue to evolve is provided to both committees and the Board. Citizens Financial Group 33 Corporate Governance Matters INCLUDES REPORTS FROM Chief Financial Officer Chief Risk Officer General Counsel Chief Information Officer Chief Security Officer External advisors Chief Financial Officer Controller Internal Audit Independent Auditor Chief Security Officer Head of Credit Review Chief Risk Officer Chief Compliance Officer Chief Credit Officer Head of Enterprise Risk Management Head of Operational Risk Management Treasurer Chief Security Officer Chief Human Resources Officer Head of Reward Head of Development Chief Risk Officer Independent Compensation Consultant Business and Functional Executive Leadership Corporate Secretary Head of Sustainability Chief Human Resources Officer Head of Government Relations Risk Oversight The Board is responsible for oversight of the Company s internal controls and risk management framework. This oversight includes evaluation of management s systems of internal control, financial reporting and public disclosure, the accuracy and completeness of financial results, and review and approval of the Company s Enterprise Risk Management Governance Framework (the ERMGF ). The Board has delegated certain risk oversight duties to the Risk Committee, and with respect to financial controls, the Audit Committee, but each of the Board s committees has risk oversight responsibilities and the Board receives independent reports from each of its key committees at its meetings. In addition, the Chief Risk Officer provides an independent view of material risks across the Company to the Risk Committee, and to the full Board. While the Board and its committees oversee key risk areas, management is charged with day-to-day management of risk through the utilization of the ERMGF. A key element of Citizens ERMGF is building and maintaining a strong risk culture throughout the Company and to facilitate this, the ERMGF is consistently applied across the Company and its effectiveness is evaluated on a continuous basis. Through the ERMGF, the Company seeks to proactively identify and manage current and emerging risks, promote timely resolution of issues, and eliminate repeat findings. The ERMGF encompasses the policies, programs, and procedures which set the standards for the identification, assessment, monitoring, and mitigation of material risks that could affect shareholder value, customers, colleagues, or the safety and soundness of the Company. Foundational to the ERMGF is the Risk Appetite Framework which governs the Company s approach to risk and serves to better inform the Company s risk-taking strategy in its pursuit of strategic and financial goals. The Company s risk appetite is embedded in key decision-making processes. The ERMGF is implemented through a Three Lines of Defense model which incorporates (1) front line units responsible for identifying, assessing, controlling, monitoring, and reporting risk; (2) independent risk management responsible for development of risk policies and frameworks, and for providing independent challenge and oversight of our overall risk profile and credit review; and (3) internal audit function which evaluates the design and effectiveness of the Company s risk framework. The ERMGF incorporates both quantitative and qualitative methods for the identification and assessment of risks and events, including ongoing risk and control self-assessment, and frequent scenario analyses. The model is designed to ensure effective management, control, and oversight of all risks including compliance risk, credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, price risk, strategic risk, and technology risk. 34 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters Cybersecurity Oversight As a financial institution, our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential information in our network. In addition, our customers use personal computers, smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices to access our products and services. As such, we are subject to a variety of cybersecurity risks. Cybersecurity Program We manage our cybersecurity risk through a comprehensive Cybersecurity Program (the "Program") under the guidance of our Chief Security Officer. The Program incorporates all of our security policies and covers the core elements of access control, infrastructure security, cybersecurity event and incident management, data protection, third-party vendor cyber risk oversight, and training and awareness. The Audit Committee oversees the Program under its risk oversight responsibilities as it relates to financial controls and together with the Board , receives regular cybersecurity updates. The Risk Committee oversees the management of cybersecurity risk consistent with the ERMGF. It receives an annual cybersecurity briefing from the Chief Security Officer, including an overall assessment of the effectiveness of the Program and an outlook for the upcoming year, and approves the Program annually. The Board participates in annual cybersecurity training to ensure it maintains the appropriate knowledge for providing effective oversight, with any additional training provided as requested. Artificial Intelligence Oversight We have a long-standing commitment to developing and maintaining a strong enterprise-wide corporate governance and risk framework which goes beyond compliance to create and encourage an ethical culture that promotes the long-term interests of customers, colleagues, communities, and shareholders. Through that lens we pursue the responsible and ethical use of artificial intelligence ("AI") with the programs, policies and procedures that make up our ERMGF seeking to ensure all AI-related risks are effectively identified, assessed, and managed. In its oversight role, the Board is focused on ensuring that a measured approach to AI is applied within a foundational governance structure that provides appropriate guardrails. The Board participates in educational sessions on AI provided by external and industry experts, and receives regular updates on the Company s use of AI through strategic business presentations and risk reporting. In addition, each Committee considers AI as it relates to the matters under its purview. For example, the Risk Committee oversees management of AI-related risk under the ERMGF, the Audit Committee oversees the adoption and usage of AI to support critical business areas under its purview, and the Compensation and HR Committee considers how the latest technology trends impact the modern workforce. Sustainability Oversight Our environmental, social, governance, and sustainability activities are overseen by the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has primary responsibility for oversight of this work, including our overall Sustainability Impact strategy and reporting. In addition, each Board committee addresses environmental, social, governance, and sustainability matters that pertain to its directives. Citizens Financial Group 35 Corporate Governance Matters Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Oversees our commitment to sustainability-related matters by monitoring implementation of our Sustainability Impact strategy, completion of materiality assessments, and the evolution of sustainability-related practices. Risk Committee Oversees risks associated with sustainability-related matters through its oversight of the operation of the Company s Enterprise Risk Management Governance Framework (ERMGF), under which all risks are managed, including climate-related risks. Compensation HR Committee Oversees human capital aspects of sustainability, including but not limited to talent management and succession, inclusion, as well as the consideration of sustainability across compensation programs and policies, as applicable. Audit Committee Oversees the internal control environment for material sustainability-related disclosures. The Audit Committee also oversees the Conduct and Ethics Office, which has responsibility for identification and oversight of risks associated with our culture and conduct. Board oversight is supported by a management structure which facilitates the provision of strategic direction and guidance, coordinates the execution of sustainability-related initiatives, and ensures appropriate management of sustainability-related risks. This structure includes management oversight forums with executive engagement and accountability. In addition to the management structure, sustainability-related working groups drive implementation of related initiatives and various risk forums ensure sustainability-related risks are integrated into our ERMGF. Company Strategy Oversight The Board is responsible for guiding and ultimately approving the strategic direction of the Company and overseeing execution of the Company s strategic plan. Every year the Board holds an offsite meeting dedicated to reviewing the Company s long-term strategy. This review includes detailed discussions with management, investors, securities analysts, and industry experts. At each of its meetings, the Board assesses the Company s strategic, competitive and financial performance to ensure continued alignment with the long-term strategy. Hold two-day strategy session annually which includes presentations from external experts and senior executives across the Company. Continuously review the Company's strategic, competitive, and financial performance to ensure alignment with its long-term strategy. Conduct site visits and hold Board meetings at different office locations to provide firsthand experience of the Company s operations. Regularly meet with the next generation of leadership to ensure visibility into the talent pipeline. Management Succession Planning The Company has a robust talent strategy, which includes the assessment of talent at various levels across the organization on a regular basis. As part of this strategy, the Compensation and HR Committee and the full Board review and discuss talent management and succession regularly. Talent management and succession plans for the CEO and other senior leaders, including evaluations of successors and related development plans, are provided to the Compensation and HR Committee and Board. 36 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Matters This focus on talent also extends below the executive level with deep dives provided to the Compensation and HR Committee for our primary businesses and functions on a regular basis, which cover various aspects of talent management including but not limited to succession and emerging talent. The annual cadence for consideration of talent management and succession planning by the Compensation and HR Committee and Board, as well as related human capital topics that influence these topics, are illustrated below. Board members also serve as formal mentors to certain members of our executive team and meet in small group sessions with high-potential leaders across the Company throughout the year. February April July September - October COMPANY CULTURE CEO SUCCESSION HUMAN CAPITAL STRATEGY MANAGEMENT TALENT REVIEW AND SUCCESSION Full Board update on company culture, which includes topics such as employee sentiment, organizational health, and inclusion Compensation and HR Committee update on CEO succession, including progress of internal candidates relative to their development plans Full Board update on the Company's human capital management strategy at the annual offsite Compensation and HR Committee update (September) and Board update (in October) on development and succession for senior leaders across the Company, including the CEO Throughout the Year Throughout the year, the Compensation and HR Committee is provided with detailed updates on talent within our various businesses and functions as well as updates on other human capital matters Culture, Business Conduct, and Ethics Oversight Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Our Board has also adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct ), which sets forth key guiding princ