=== CFG_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. As a financial services organization, certain elements of risk are inherent in what we do and the decisions we make. Therefore, we encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business and design risk management processes to help manage these risks. See the “Risk Management” section in Item 7 for a discussion of our risk management framework and the primary risks we face. You should carefully consider the following risk factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the risk factors described below are not the only ones we face and should not be considered a complete list of risks that we may encounter. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. See the “Forward-Looking Statements” section above for other factors that could affect us. Risks Related to Our Business We may not be able to successfully execute our business strategy. Our future success and the value of our stock depends, in part, on our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and achieve our financial performance goals across our Consumer and Commercial businesses, including our Private Bank. Risks and uncertainties associated with each element of our strategy exist, many of which are not within our control. If we are not able to successfully execute our business strategy, we may not achieve our financial performance goals and any shortfall may be material. See the “Business Strategy” section in Item 1 for further information. Supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance, and make capital distributions to our stockholders. Our operations are subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the federal banking regulators, as well as the CFPB. As part of the supervisory and examination process, if we are unsuccessful in meeting the regulatory requirements and supervisory expectations that apply to us, regulatory agencies may from time to time take supervisory actions against us, including actions that may not be publicly disclosed. Such actions may include restrictions on our activities or the activities of our subsidiaries, informal (nonpublic) or formal (public) supervisory actions, or public enforcement actions, including the payment of civil money penalties, which could increase our costs and limit our ability to implement our strategic plans and expand our business and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. See the “Regulation and Supervision” section in Item 1 for further information. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 20 Inflationary pressures could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. Volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and its associated effects may enhance or contribute to certain risks that we face by negatively impacting our funding costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expenses related to talent acquisition and retention. Inflation may also negatively impact consumer demand and client purchasing power for our products and services, as well as the ability of our borrowers to repay their obligations. These inflationary pressures would likely have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, and results of operations. Our ability to meet our obligations, and the cost of funds to do so, depend on our ability to access identified sources of liquidity at a reasonable cost. Liquidity risk is the risk arising from the inability to meet our obligations when they come due. We must maintain adequate funding to meet current and future obligations, including customer loan requests, deposit maturities and withdrawals, debt service, leases, and other cash commitments, under both normal operating conditions and periods of company-specific and/or market stress. We rely on customer deposits to be our primary stable and low-cost source of funding. Our other funding sources are dependent on our ability to securitize loans in secondary markets, raise funds in the debt and equity capital markets, pledge loans and/or securities for borrowing from the FHLB, pledge securities as collateral for borrowing under repurchase agreements, and sell AFS securities. Our ability to meet our obligations and support our operations could be materially affected by a variety of conditions, including market-wide illiquidity or disruption, a general loss of market or customer confidence in the financial services industry or in the Company specifically, or reductions in one or more of our credit ratings. These conditions could limit our ability to retain deposits, securitize or sell assets, access debt and equity capital markets, or otherwise borrow money at a reasonable cost. If these conditions, among others, are severe enough they could also create unanticipated material outflows of cash due to, among other factors, draws on unfunded commitments or deposit attrition, which could have a significant adverse impact on our liquidity. In addition, changes to the FHLB’s or the FRB’s underwriting guidelines for wholesale borrowings or lending policies may limit or restrict our ability to borrow and could have a significant adverse impact on our liquidity as a result. Changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our liquidity and profitability. Changes in interest rates can have a material impact on the value of our securities portfolio, the primary objective of which is to provide a readily available source of liquidity. An increase in rates could lower the collateral value of these securities, reducing the amount we could borrow and leading to losses in the event of their sale. Since our earning assets are primarily in the form of loans and debt securities, changes in interest rates can have a material impact on our net interest income, net interest margin, fee income, and credit costs. Our asset yields and funding costs may not rise or fall in parallel in response to changes in interest rates, causing our net interest income to increase or decrease and our net interest margin to expand or contract. If our funding costs rise faster than our asset yields, or if our asset yields fall faster than our funding costs, our net interest income could decrease and our net interest margin could contract. An increase in interest rates could weaken demand for loans by customers, reducing our net interest income due to lower loan balances and origination-related fee income due to lower production volume. An increase in rates could also have an adverse impact on our credit costs, as borrowers may have difficulty in making higher interest payments, as well as on our AFS securities portfolio, which could trigger the recognition of losses in the event the securities need to be sold. Similarly, a decrease in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, net interest margin, and fee income. A prolonged period of low interest rates may result in us holding lower yielding loans and securities should rates rise rapidly after such a period. Changes in the spread between short-term and long-term interest rates (i.e., the yield curve) can also have a material impact on our net interest income and net interest margin. The yield curve, typically upward sloping with short-term rates lower than long-term rates, could cause our net interest income and net interest margin to decline if it were to flatten or invert, as the cost of our short-term funding is likely to increase relative to the yield we can earn on our long-term assets. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 21 Interest rates and the yield curve are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, most notably the Federal Open Market Committee. Although we have policies and procedures designed to manage our interest rate risk as discussed in the “Risk Management” section in Item 7, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be effective in preventing material adverse effects on our profitability. We could fail to attract, retain, or motivate highly-skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management, other key employees, or members of our Board, which could impair our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and otherwise adversely affect our business. Our ability to implement our strategic plan and our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly-skilled and qualified personnel, including senior management, other key employees, and directors. The marketplace for skilled personnel continues to be competitive, which means the cost of hiring, incentivizing, and retaining skilled personnel may continue to rise. The failure to attract and retain highly-skilled and qualified personnel could place us at a significant competitive disadvantage and impair our ability to implement our strategic plan successfully and achieve our performance targets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Limitations on the manner in which regulated financial institutions, such as us, can compensate their officers and employees may make it more difficult for such institutions to compete for talent with financial institutions and other companies not subject to these or similar limitations. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially. A reduction in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Credit ratings affect the cost and associated terms upon which we are able to obtain funding. Rating agencies regularly evaluate us, with their ratings based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Any downgrade in our ratings would likely increase our borrowing costs and could limit our access to capital markets, which would adversely affect our business. For example, a ratings downgrade could adversely affect our ability to sell or market our securities, including long-term debt, engage in certain longer-term derivative transactions, and retain customers, who may require a minimum credit rating in order to place funds with us. In addition, under the terms of our derivatives contracts, we may be required to post additional collateral or terminate such contracts if we don’t maintain a minimum credit rating. Any of these impacts of a ratings downgrade could increase our cost of funding, reduce our liquidity, and have adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For more information regarding our credit ratings, see the “Liquidity Risk” section in Item 7. Our financial performance may be adversely affected by deterioration in borrower credit quality. Risks arising from actual or perceived changes in credit quality and uncertainty over the recoverability of amounts due from borrowers is inherent in our businesses. If the economic environment were to deteriorate, our borrowers may have difficulty in repaying their loans which could result in higher credit losses and increased loan loss provision expense. Further, our credit risk and credit losses may increase to the extent our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, collateral type, borrower type, or location of the collateral or borrower. A significant portion of our earning assets are in the form of loans to borrowers across the U.S., primarily for residential, commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, education, and other retail purposes. A deterioration in economic conditions or changes in consumer or business behavior that negatively impact home or commercial property values could, in event of the borrower’s default, result in materially higher credit losses. Similarly, elevated unemployment levels and higher interest rates can adversely affect our customers’ ability to repay their loans, which can negatively impact our credit performance. The credit quality of our borrowers may deteriorate for a number of reasons that are outside our control, including prevailing economic and market conditions and collateral valuations. The trends and risks affecting borrower credit quality have caused, and in the future may cause, us to experience credit losses, impairment charges, increased repurchase demands, higher recovery costs, and an inability to engage in routine funding transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 22 Our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss. Our risk management framework is made up of various processes and strategies to manage our risk exposure and may not be effective under all conditions and circumstances. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. One of the main types of risks inherent in our business is credit risk. An important feature of our credit risk management system is to employ an internal credit risk control system through which we identify, measure, monitor, and mitigate the existing and emerging credit risk of our customers. This process involves a detailed analysis of the customer or credit risk, taking into account both quantitative and qualitative factors, and is inherently subject to human error. In exercising their judgment, our employees may not always be able to assign an accurate credit rating to a customer or credit risk, which may result in our exposure to higher credit risks than indicated by our risk rating system. In addition, we have undertaken certain actions to enhance our credit policies and guidelines to address potential risks associated with particular industries or types of customers. However, we may not be able to effectively implement these initiatives, or consistently follow and refine our credit risk management system, which may result in an increase in the level of nonaccrual loans and a higher risk exposure for us, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Changes in our accounting policies or standards could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition. The FASB and SEC periodically change financial accounting and reporting standards that govern accounting for our financial results and preparation of our consolidated financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the recasting of our prior period financial statements. Our financial and accounting estimates and risk management framework rely on analytical forecasting and models. The processes we use to estimate loan losses, measure the fair value of financial instruments, and estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations are reliant upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. Some of our tools and metrics for managing risk are based on observed historical market behavior, and we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. Models may be used in processes such as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy, and calculating regulatory capital levels, as well as estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items, including goodwill. Poorly designed or implemented models could adversely affect our business decisions if the information is inadequate. In addition, our models may fail to predict future risk exposures if the information used is inaccurate, obsolete, or not sufficiently comparable to actual events as they occur. We seek to incorporate appropriate historical data in our models, but the range of market values and behaviors reflected in any period of historical data is not always predictive of future developments in any particular period and the period of data we incorporate into our models may turn out to be inappropriate for the future period being modeled. In these instances, our ability to manage risk would be limited and our risk exposure and losses could be significantly greater than our models indicated, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profits. Finally, information provided to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could be inaccurate or insufficient, which could adversely affect some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to our stockholders, and subject us to supervisory criticism and costs related to remediation. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 23 The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make subjective determinations and use estimates that may vary from actual results and materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations and, at times, require management to exercise judgment in their application so as to report our financial condition and results of operations in the most appropriate manner. Certain accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and the likelihood that materially different estimates would result under different conditions or through the utilization of different assumptions. Our critical accounting estimates include the ACL, fair value measurements, and the evaluation and measurement of goodwill for impairment. If our estimates are inaccurate or need to be adjusted periodically, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted. For more information regarding our use of estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 in Item 8 and the “Critical Accounting Estimates” section in Item 7. Operational risks are inherent in our businesses. Our operations depend on our ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately while complying with applicable laws and regulations. Operational risk and losses can result from internal and external fraud; improper conduct or errors by employees or third parties; failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper authorization; failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements and business conduct rules; equipment failures, including those caused by natural disasters or by electrical, telecommunications, or other essential utility outages; business continuity and data security system failures, including those caused by computer viruses, cyber-attacks against us or our vendors, coding errors, or unforeseen problems encountered while implementing new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems; or the inadequacy or failure of systems and controls, including those of our suppliers or counterparties. Although we implement risk controls and loss mitigation actions and devote substantial resources to developing efficient procedures, identifying and rectifying weaknesses in existing procedures and training staff, it is not possible to be certain that such actions have been or will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks we face. Any weakness in these systems or controls, or any breaches or alleged breaches of such laws or regulations, could result in increased regulatory supervision, enforcement actions, and other disciplinary action, especially in light of heightened regulatory expectations around information security, and have an adverse impact on our business, applicable authorizations and licenses, reputation, and results of operations. The financial services industry, including the banking sector, continues to make technological enhancements to meet customer preferences, as well as meet legal and regulatory requirements, and we may not be able to compete effectively as a result of these changes. Technology within the financial services industry continues to evolve and new, unexpected technological changes, including those related to artificial intelligence, could have a transformative effect on the way banks offer products and services. We believe our success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to utilize technology to offer products and services that address the needs of our customers and to create efficiencies in our operations. However, we may not be able to, among other things, keep up with the rapid pace of technological changes, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. As a result, our ability to compete effectively to attract or retain business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 24 In addition, changes in the legal and regulatory framework under which we operate require us to update our information systems to ensure compliance. Our need to review and evaluate the impact of ongoing rule proposals, final rules, and implementation guidance from regulators further complicates the development and implementation of new information systems for our business. Regulatory guidance continues to be focused on the need for financial institutions to perform appropriate due diligence and ongoing monitoring of third-party vendor relationships, thus increasing the scope of management involvement and decreasing the efficiency otherwise resulting from our relationships with third-party technology providers. Given the significant number of ongoing regulatory reform initiatives, it is possible that we may incur higher than expected information technology costs in order to comply with current and impending regulations. Also, see “Supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance, and make capital distributions to our stockholders.” We are subject to a variety of cybersecurity risks that, if realized, could adversely affect how we conduct our business. Evolving technologies, including the introduction of Generative Artificial Intelligence and Large Language Models, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists, and other external parties present a significant information security risk to large financial institutions such as us. Third parties with whom we or our customers do business also present operational and information security risks to us, including security breaches or failures of their own systems. Risks related to cyberattacks on our vendors and other third parties, including supply chain attacks affecting our software and information technology service providers, are on the rise as such attacks become more frequent and severe. Employee error, failure to follow security procedures, or malfeasance also present these risks. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks as well as in the third-party computer systems and networks used to provide products and services on our behalf. Although we believe that we have appropriate information security procedures and controls based on our adherence to applicable laws and regulations and industry standards, our technologies, systems, and networks may be the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, theft, sale, or loss or destruction of the confidential and/or proprietary information of CFG, and our customers, vendors, counterparties, or employees. We and our third-party vendors are under continuous threat of loss or network degradation due to cyberattacks, such as computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, ransomware, and Distributed Denial of Service attacks (collectively, “fraudulent schemes”). Also, our customers are routinely the target of fraudulent schemes as we continue to expand customer capabilities to utilize the Internet and other remote channels to transact business. Two of the most significant cyberattack risks that we face as a result of these fraudulent schemes are potential loss of funds resulting from customers falling victim to cybercriminal communications directed to them or unauthorized access to sensitive customer data. Cybercriminals can use fraudulent schemes directly targeting our customers or our own systems to compromise and directly extract funds from a customer’s account or access sensitive customer data. Certain technology protections such as Customer Profiling and Step-Up Authentications have been implemented, but there can be no assurance that these protections will be effective. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our layers of defense, to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities internally, to assess and mitigate issues associated with customers that have fallen victim to fraudulent schemes, and perform additional due diligence with respect to our third-party vendors. System enhancements and updates may also create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of information technology systems, the process of enhancing our layers of defense can itself create a risk of system disruptions and security issues. In addition, addressing certain information security vulnerabilities, such as hardware-based vulnerabilities, may affect the performance of our information technology systems. The ability of our hardware and software providers to deliver patches and updates to mitigate vulnerabilities in a timely manner can introduce additional risks, particularly when a vulnerability is being actively exploited by threat actors. Cyberattacks against the patches themselves have also proven to be a significant risk that companies will have to address going forward. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 25 Despite our efforts to prevent a cyberattack, a successful one could persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and, following detection, could take considerable time for us to obtain full and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount, and type of information compromised. During the course of an investigation, we may not necessarily know the full effects of the incident or how to remediate it, and actions and decisions that are taken or made in an effort to mitigate risk may further increase the costs and other negative consequences of the incident. Moreover, existing regulations may require us to disclose information about a cybersecurity event before it has been resolved or fully investigated. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and can be initiated from a variety of sources, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. These actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other third-party users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to data or our systems. In the event that a cyberattack is successful, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption, or breach in the security of our communication and information system due to, among other things, cyberattacks or our failure to adequately maintain and manage our systems or implement system changes and upgrades, could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan, and other systems. Although our policies and procedures are designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be successful and that any such failure, interruption, or security breach will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems could require us to devote substantial resources to recovery and response efforts, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regula

=== CFG_2026-05-04.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this Report, you should consider the risks described under Item 1A “Risk Factors” in the Company’s 2025 Form 10-K. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Details of the repurchases of the Company’s common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2026 are included below: Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) Maximum Dollar Amount of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 4,258,517 $62.40 4,258,517 $1,034,272,778 February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 — $— — $1,034,272,778 March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 549,252 $62.40 549,252 $1,000,000,000 (1) On June 13, 2025, the Company announced that its Board of Directors increased the capacity under its common share repurchase program to $1.5 billion, an increase of $1.2 billion above the $300 million of capacity remaining under the prior June 2024 authorization. Common stock share repurchases may be executed in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, including under Rule 10b5-1 plans and accelerated share repurchase and other structured transactions. The timing and exact amount of future share repurchases will be subject to various factors, including the Company’s capital position, financial performance, balance sheet growth, market conditions, and regulatory considerations. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 73 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant as in effect on the date hereof, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and effective October 6, 2025 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 6, 2025) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (as amended and restated on February 16, 2023) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 17, 2023) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 101 The following materials from the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements* 104 Cover page interactive data file in inline XBRL format, included in Exhibit 101 to this report* * Filed herewith. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 74 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on May 4, 2026. CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Christopher J. Schnirel Name: Christopher J. Schnirel Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Citizens Financial Group, Inc. | 75 