=== F_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the risks associated with a shortage of components or raw materials, supplier disruptions, and inflationary pressures, the Key Trends and Economic Factors Affecting Ford and the Automotive Industry section of Item 7 for a discussion of commodity and energy price changes, and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk ( Item 7A ) for a discussion of commodity price risks. Intellectual Property. We own or hold licenses to use numerous patents, trade secrets, copyrights, and trademarks on a global basis. We expect to continue building this portfolio as we actively pursue innovation in every part of our business. We also own numerous trademarks and service marks that contribute to the identity and recognition of our Company and its products and services globally. While our intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to the operation of each of our businesses, we do not believe that our business would be materially affected by the expiration of any particular intellectual property right or termination of any particular intellectual property agreement. Warranty Coverage, Field Service Actions, and Customer Satisfaction Actions. We provide warranties on vehicles we sell. Warranties are offered for specific periods of time and/or mileage and vary depending upon the type of product and the geographic location of its sale. Pursuant to these warranties, we will repair, replace, or adjust parts on a vehicle that are defective in factory-supplied materials or workmanship during the specified warranty period. In addition to the costs associated with this warranty coverage provided on our vehicles, we also incur costs as a result of field service actions (i.e., safety recalls, emission recalls, and other product campaigns) and for customer satisfaction actions. Software updates are increasingly a component of vehicle service and may be performed during warranty coverage repairs, through field service actions, or through over-the-air updates. For additional information regarding warranty and related costs, see Critical Accounting Estimates in Item 7 and Note 24 of the Notes to the Financial Statements. Wholesales Wholesales consist primarily of vehicles sold to dealerships. For the majority of such sales, we recognize revenue when we ship the vehicles to our dealerships from our manufacturing facilities. See Item 7 for additional discussion of revenue recognition practices. Wholesales in certain key markets during the past three years were as follows: Wholesales (a) (in thousands of units) 2023 2024 2025 United States 2,097 2,200 2,105 China (b) 467 442 379 Canada 260 269 292 United Kingdom 243 242 218 Germany 162 155 155 T rkiye 124 114 119 Italy 122 109 100 Australia 89 104 92 France 104 78 66 Other Markets 745 757 869 Total Company 4,413 4,470 4,395 __________ (a) Wholesale unit volumes include sales of medium and heavy trucks. Wholesale unit volumes also include all Ford and Lincoln badged units (whether produced by Ford or by an unconsolidated affiliate) that are sold to dealerships or others, units manufactured by Ford that are sold to other manufacturers, units distributed by Ford for other manufacturers, local brand units produced by our unconsolidated Chinese joint venture Jiangling Motors Corporation, Ltd. ( JMC ) that are sold to dealerships or others, and Ford badged vehicles produced in Taiwan by Lio Ho Group. Vehicles sold to daily rental car companies that are subject to a guaranteed repurchase option (i.e., rental repurchase), as well as other sales of finished vehicles for which the recognition of revenue is deferred (e.g., consignments), also are included in wholesale unit volumes. Revenue from certain vehicles in wholesale unit volumes (specifically, Ford badged vehicles produced and distributed by our unconsolidated affiliates, as well as JMC brand vehicles) are not included in our revenue. (b) China includes Taiwan. 4 Item 1 . Business (Continued) Sales, Industry Volume, and Market Share Sales, industry volume, and market share in certain key markets during the past three years were as follows: Sales (a) Industry Volume (b) Market Share (c) (in millions of units) (in millions of units) (as a percentage) 2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025 United States 2.0 2.1 2.2 16.1 16.4 16.7 12.4 % 12.6 % 13.2 % China (d) 0.5 0.4 0.4 25.1 27.1 26.9 1.8 1.6 1.3 Canada 0.2 0.3 0.3 1.8 1.9 1.9 13.7 14.7 15.2 United Kingdom 0.2 0.2 0.2 2.3 2.4 2.4 10.8 9.6 9.8 Germany 0.2 0.2 0.2 3.2 3.2 3.2 5.1 5.0 5.3 T rkiye 0.1 0.1 0.1 1.3 1.3 1.4 8.9 8.8 8.2 Italy 0.1 0.1 0.1 1.8 1.8 1.7 6.1 5.8 5.5 Australia 0.1 0.1 0.1 1.2 1.2 1.2 7.2 8.2 7.8 France 0.1 0.1 0.1 2.3 2.2 2.1 3.9 3.5 3.5 __________ (a) Represents primarily sales by dealers, sales to the government, and leases to Ford management, and is based, in part, on estimated vehicle registrations; includes medium and heavy trucks. (b) Industry volume is an internal estimate based on publicly available data collected from various government, private, and public sources around the globe; includes medium and heavy trucks. (c) Market share represents reported retail sales of our brands as a percent of total industry volume in the relevant market or region. (d) China includes Taiwan; China market share includes Ford and Lincoln brand and JMC brand vehicles produced and sold by our unconsolidated affiliates. U.S. Sales by Type The following table shows U.S. sales volume and U.S. wholesales (consisting primarily of vehicles sold to dealerships) segregated by electric, hybrid, and internal combustion vehicles. U.S. sales volume represents primarily sales by dealers, sales to the government, and leases to Ford management, and is based, in part, on estimated vehicle registrations and includes medium and heavy trucks. U.S. Sales U.S. Wholesales 2024 2025 2024 2025 Electric Vehicles 97,865 84,113 68,990 82,530 Hybrid Vehicles 187,426 228,072 215,735 216,599 Internal Combustion Vehicles 1,793,541 1,891,939 1,914,862 1,805,372 Total Vehicles 2,078,832 2,204,124 2,199,587 2,104,501 5 Item 1 . Business (Continued) FORD CREDIT SEGMENT The Ford Credit segment is comprised of the Ford Credit business on a consolidated basis, which is primarily vehicle-related financing and leasing activities. Ford Credit offers a wide variety of automotive financing products to and through automotive dealers throughout the world. The predominant share of Ford Credit s business consists of financing our vehicles and supporting our dealers. Ford Credit earns its revenue primarily from payments made under retail installment sale and finance lease (retail financing) and operating lease contracts that it originates and purchases; interest rate supplements and other support payments from us and our affiliates; and payments made under dealer financing programs. As a result of these financing activities, Ford Credit has a large portfolio of finance receivables and operating leases which it classifies into two portfolios consumer and non-consumer. Finance receivables and operating leases in the consumer portfolio include products offered to individuals and businesses that finance the acquisition of our vehicles from dealers for personal and commercial use. Retail financing includes retail installment sale contracts for new and used vehicles and finance leases (comprised of sales-type and direct financing leases) for new vehicles to retail and commercial customers, including leasing companies, government entities, daily rental companies, and fleet customers. Finance receivables in the non-consumer portfolio include products offered to automotive dealers. Ford Credit makes wholesale loans to dealers to finance the purchase of vehicle inventory, also known as floorplan financing, as well as loans to dealers to finance working capital and improvements to dealership facilities, finance the purchase of dealership real estate, and finance other dealer vehicle programs. Ford Credit also purchases receivables generated by us and our affiliates, primarily related to the sale of parts and accessories to dealers and certain used vehicles from daily rental fleet companies. Ford Credit also provides financing to us for vehicles that we lease to our employees. The majority of Ford Credit s business is in the United States and Canada. Outside of the United States, Europe is Ford Credit s largest operation. Ford Credit s European operations are managed primarily through its United Kingdom-based subsidiary, FCE Bank plc ( FCE ), and a Germany-based subsidiary, Ford Bank GmbH ( Ford Bank ). Within Europe, Ford Credit s largest markets are the United Kingdom and Germany. See Item 7 and Notes 10 and 12 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for a detailed discussion of Ford Credit s receivables, credit losses, allowance for credit losses, loss-to-receivables ratios, funding sources, and funding strategies. See Item 7A for a discussion of how Ford Credit manages its financial market risks. We routinely sponsor special retail financing and lease incentives to dealers customers who choose to finance or lease our vehicles from Ford Credit. In order to compensate Ford Credit for the lower interest or lease payments offered to the retail customer, we pay the discounted value of the incentive directly to Ford Credit when it originates the retail finance or lease contract with the dealer s customer. These programs increase Ford Credit s financing volume and share. See Note 2 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for information about our accounting for these programs. We have a Third Amended and Restated Relationship Agreement with Ford Credit, pursuant to which, if Ford Credit s financial statement leverage for a calendar quarter were to be higher than 12.5:1 (as reported in its most recent periodic report), Ford Credit could require us to make or cause to be made a capital contribution to it in an amount sufficient to have caused such financial statement leverage to have been 12.5:1. No capital contributions have been made pursuant to this agreement. In a separate agreement with FCE, Ford Credit has agreed to maintain FCE s net worth in excess of $500 million. No payments have been made pursuant to that agreement. Ford Credit files periodic reports with the SEC that contain additional information regarding Ford Credit. The reports are available through Ford Credit s website located at www.ford.com/finance/investor-center and can also be found on the SEC s website located at www.sec.gov . The foregoing information regarding Ford Credit s website and its content is for convenience only and not deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Report nor filed with the SEC. 6 Item 1 . Business (Continued) CORPORATE OTHER Corporate Other primarily includes corporate governance expenses, past service pension and other postretirement employee benefits ( OPEB ) income and expense, interest income (excluding Ford Credit interest income and interest earned on our extended service contract portfolio) and gains and losses from our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, and foreign exchange derivatives gains and losses associated with intercompany lending. Corporate governance expenses are primarily administrative, delivering benefit on behalf of the global enterprise, that are not allocated to operating segments. These include expenses related to setting and directing global policy, providing oversight and stewardship, and promoting the Company s interests. Corporate Other assets include: cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, tax related assets, defined benefit pension plan net assets, and other assets managed centrally. INTEREST ON DEBT Interest on Debt consists of interest expense on Company debt excluding Ford Credit. GOVERNMENTAL STANDARDS Many governmental standards and regulations relating to safety, fuel economy, air pollution emissions control, noise control, vehicle and component recycling, substances of concern, vehicle damage, and theft prevention are applicable to new motor vehicles, engines, and equipment. In addition, manufacturing and other automotive assembly facilities are subject to stringent standards regulating air emissions, water discharges, and the handling and disposal of hazardous substances. The most significant of the standards and regulations affecting us are discussed below: U.S. Vehicle Emissions Standards and Fuel Economy Federal and California Emissions Standards. Both the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and the California Air Resources Board ( CARB ) have generally maintained motor vehicle tailpipe and evaporative emissions standards that become increasingly stringent over time. In addition to regulating emissions of certain pollutants known as criteria pollutants for which EPA has adopted ambient health-based standards (e.g., oxides of nitrogen), EPA and CARB have also regulated greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) from vehicles (e.g., carbon dioxide). EPA and CARB also require: that vehicles and engines are durable enough to meet emissions standards for prescribed amounts of time; that vehicles and engines be equipped with on-board diagnostic ( OBD ) systems that monitor emissions-related systems and components; and that manufacturers offer and honor warranties on certain emissions-related components. Vehicles and engines must be certified by EPA prior to sale in the United States and by CARB prior to sale in California and those states that have adopted California s standards. Manufacturers generally demonstrate compliance with emissions standards on a fleet-wide, production-volume-weighted basis, and over time through a system based on credits. Manufacturers may generate credits insofar as their products emit less than the emissions standards, and may incur and carry credit deficits for a limited amount of time insofar as their products emit more than the emissions standards. Under certain circumstances, manufacturers may sell credits to other manufacturers, who may then use the purchased credits to cure a deficit. If a manufacturer fails to comply with applicable emissions standards, even after considering its ability to carry deficits and use credits, then EPA and CARB may take various actions, including withholding approvals to sell new vehicles and engines and/or enforcement actions for civil penalties and injunctive relief. As of December 31, 2025, EPA has promulgated emissions standards through the 2032 model year. These standards are subject to pending legal challenges. In 2025, EPA proposed to stop regulating GHGs for all model years, and publicly announced an intention to revisit existing emissions standards for criteria pollutants. CARB has also promulgated emissions standards for criteria pollutants for future model years. However, in 2025, federal legislation which is currently subject to legal challenge eliminated the authority of California and other states to implement and enforce most of their emissions standards (and zero-emission vehicles ( ZEV ) sales requirements, which are discussed below). These EPA and CARB standards also include updates to durability, warranty, and OBD requirements. 7 Item 1 . Business (Continued) Approximately seventeen states (referenced as opt-in states) have adopted CARB s light-duty emissions standards, and nine opt-in states have adopted California s heavy-duty emissions standards. The list of opt-in states changes over time, based on the legislative, executive, and regulatory actions by each individual state, and their ability to enforce these standards is subject to the same legislation and legal challenges noted above. California ZEV Requirements . California regulations state that manufacturers must produce and deliver for sale ZEVs, which include EVs. This is in addition to the emissions standards outlined above. In 2025, federal legislation which is currently subject to legal challenge eliminated the authority of California and other states to implement and enforce these ZEV sales requirements. California s regulations, which use a system based on credits (whether generated by us or purchased from another manufacturer) that can be banked and carried forward, require annual percentage increases in the production and sale of ZEVs. For light-duty vehicles, in the 2025 model year, CARB regulations required that approximately 22% of a manufacturer s California light-duty vehicle sales volume be ZEVs. In the 2026 model year, this grows to 35%, and the requirements continue to grow each year, rising to 100% by the 2035 model year. For heavy-duty vehicles, CARB regulations likewise required year-over-year increases in the percentage of a manufacturer s California sales volume that must be ZEVs, with current percentages in the single digits growing to well over 50% by 2035. Approximately sixteen opt-in states have adopted California s ZEV requirements for light-duty vehicles, and 10 opt-in states have adopted California s ZEV requirements for heavy-duty vehicles. The list of opt-in states changes over time, based on the legislative, executive, and regulatory actions by each individual state, and their ability to enforce these standards is subject to the same legislation and legal challenges noted above. California Waivers of Clean Air Act Preemption. The federal Clean Air Act preempts states from establishing their own standards, though it provides that EPA shall waive that preemption and thereby allow California to establish its own standards if, among other requirements, those standards will be at least as protective of public health and welfare as federal standards. For decades, California has requested, and EPA has granted, waivers to allow California to implement emissions standards (and, likewise, allow opt-in states to implement those same standards within their borders). In some cases, EPA withheld approval of waivers. In 2019, during the first Trump administration, in an unprecedented move, EPA rescinded a previously granted waiver (for California s emissions standards for GHGs through the 2025 model year). Then, in 2022, during the Biden administration, EPA reinstated that waiver, allowing California to enforce the relevant standards as though the waiver was never rescinded. These actions reflect policy differences between subsequent presidential administrations and remain the subject of ongoing legal challenges. Such rescissions and reinstatements, and pending and future legal challenges concerning California s authority, create significant uncertainty for regulated manufacturers about the need to comply with California and opt-in state requirements. Federal Fuel Econo my Requirements. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) requires that light-duty vehicles meet minimum corporate average fuel economy ( CAFE ) standards, and that certain heavy-duty vehicles meet fuel efficiency standards. For CAFE standards, NHTSA establishes separate standards applicable to three subsets of manufacturers products: domestic passenger cars, imported passenger cars, and light-duty trucks. NHTSA has promulgated fuel economy standards for light-duty vehicles through the 2031 model year, and for heavy-duty pickup trucks and vans through the 2035 model year. In 2025, NHTSA proposed to significantly relax the stringency of the fuel economy standards for model year 2022 through 2031 light-duty vehicles. Manufacturers are subject to pre-determined civil penalties if they fail to meet fuel economy standards in any model year, after taking into account all available credits for the preceding five model years and expected credits for the three succeeding model years. In 2025, federal legislation effectively eliminated civil penalties under the light-duty vehicle CAFE program by setting the civil penalty amount at $0. 8 Item 1 . Business (Continued) Alignment and Misalignment of Standards . Because the vast majority of GHGs emitted by a vehicle are the result of fuel combustion, GHG emissions correspond closely with fuel economy. Before approximately the 2020 model year, NHTSA and EPA aligned their standards, and California agreed that compliance with the federal program would satisfy compliance with its own GHG requirements, thereby avoiding a patchwork of federal and state standards. Since approximately the 2021 model year, EPA and NHTSA have independently promulgated GHG and fuel economy standards, and while they generally avoided material inconsistencies between the standards, they nonetheless created complexity and redundancy for manufacturers that must meet both sets of standards. Also since approximately the 2021 model year, California and opt-in states have maintained emissions standards and ZEV requirements, outlined above, which are not aligned with and are generally more stringent than the federal requirements. Recent proposals from EPA and NHTSA and federal legislation passed in 2025 may alleviate the misalignment, but these proposals and new legislation are subject to legal challenge. Implications for Ford . The requirements for light-duty vehicles outlined above apply to most cars, sport utility vehicles, and light-duty pickup trucks that Ford sells in the United States. The requirements for heavy-duty vehicles and engines outlined above apply to most heavy-duty pickup trucks, vans, cab-chassis products, and vocational vehicles that Ford sells in the United States. Ford is subject to each separate regulatory regime, and in general, this means separate compliance measures for each regulator and for each regulated pollutant and performance standard. EPA, NHTSA, and CARB have requirements that govern the same aspects of the same products at the same time, as outlined above. Different standards pose additional compliance burdens, including complexity and costs, and these burdens are heightened when these various requirements are misaligned or change, e.g., when there is a change in administration or as a result of a legal challenge. Compliance with emissions standards, ZEV requirements, fuel economy standards, OBD requirements, emissions warranty requirements, and related regulations can be challenging and can drive increased product development costs, production costs, higher retail prices, warranty costs, and vehicle recalls. Compliance depends in part on the widespread availability of high-quality and consistent automotive fuels that internal combustion vehicles are designed to use. Insofar as regulatory requirements get increasingly stringent, manufacturers must comply by increasing their sales of EVs and other ZEVs, as a portion of overall sales. This is directly required by California s ZEV requirements, insofar as those requirements are not preempted by the 2025 federal legislation described above, but is also required to comply with the emissions and fuel economy standards promulgated in recent years, which are not achievable solely through sales of internal combustion engines with today s technology. There are factors limiting faster and future growth of EV sales, including: supportive public policy; consumer acceptance and understanding of EVs; upfront costs; technology cost and readiness; battery raw material availability and cost; and the availability of adequate infrastructure to support vehicle charging. Stringent requirements that are misaligned with market conditions could force Ford to take various product-led actions that could have substantial adverse effects on its sales volumes and operations. Such actions could include: restricting offerings of certain products and popular options; taking actions to increase sales of Ford s lowest-emitting and most fuel-efficient vehicles; and curtailing the production and sale of certain internal combustion vehicles. To some extent, Ford can manage and is managing these risks in the United States and elsewhere by purchasing emissions credits from other vehicle manufacturers when the cost of those credits is less than the financial impact of the product-led actions listed above. Such credits are available only from other manufacturers and only to the extent those manufacturers exceed compliance requirements. Credits have limited availability and may not be adequate to completely eliminate the need for product-led actions. Accordingly, we have made a strategic decision to enter into agreements to purchase regulatory compliance credits for current and future model years in various regions. Our obligations under these agreements are dependent on the continued existence of an underlying regulatory compliance requirement in the applicable jurisdiction. For example, in 2025, Ford terminated some of its obligations to purchase credits as a result of the reduction in stringency of, or elimination of, compliance requirements. As of December 31, 2025, our outstanding purchase obligations under our compliance credit purchase agreements totaled about $1.6 billion. During 2025, we recorded about $700 million of expense for our estimated utilization of regulatory compliance credits related to current compliance period volumes (e.g., model year, calendar year), which was allocated to Ford Blue and Ford Pro results. Ford s ability to optimize investments and planning for compliance is made more difficult by sudden or frequent changes in applicable emissions and fuel economy standards and ZEV requirements. Such changes can include reinstatements and rescissions of Clean Air Act waivers for California, court decisions that change applicable regulatory requirements, and significant changes to the stringency of federal requirements with each subsequent administration. 9 Item 1 . Business (Continued) Global Vehicle Emissions Standards and Fuel Economy European Emissions Standards. EU and U.K. regulations, directives, and related legislation limit the amount of regulated pollutants that may be emitted by new motor vehicles and engines sold in the European Union and the United Kingdom. Regulatory stringency has increased significantly with the application of Stage VI emission standards (first introduced in 2014) and the implementation of a laboratory test cycle for CO 2 and emissions and the introduction of on-road emission testing using portable emission analyzers (Real Driving Emission or RDE ). These on-road emission tests are in addition to the laboratory-based tests (first introduced in 2017). The divergence between the regulatory limit that is tested in laboratory conditions and the allowed values measured in RDE tests will ultimately be reduced to zero as the regulatory demands increase. In addition, new requirements for tailpipe and non-tailpipe emissions will be included in the upcoming Euro 7 regulation and will be phased in beginning in November 2026 for new vehicle types and for all vehicles in November 2027. The costs associated with complying with all of these requirements are significant, and following the EU Commission s indication of its intent to accelerate emissions rules in its road map publication EU Green Deal as well as the EU sustainable mobility action plan, these challenges will continue in European markets, including the United Kingdom. In addition, the Whole Vehicle Type Approval ( WVTA ) regulation has been updated to increase the stringency of in-market surveillance. Moreover, following the U.K. s withdrawal from the European Union in 2020, we have been and may continue to be subject to diverging requirements in our European markets, which could increase vehicle complexity and duties. There continues to be an increasing trend of city access restrictions for internal combustion engine powered vehicles. These access rules are developed by individual cities based on their specific concerns, resulting in rapid deployment of access rules that differ greatly among cities. The speed of implementation of access rules may directly influence customer vehicle residual values and choice of next purchase. In an effort to support the Paris Accord, some countries are adopting yearly increases in CO 2 taxes, where such a system is in place, and publishing dates by when internal combustion powered vehicles may no longer be registered, e.g., Netherlands in 2030. Other National Emissions Control Requirements . Many countries, in an effort to address air quality and climate change concerns, have adopted previous versions of European or United Nations Economic Commission for Europe ( UN-ECE ) mobile source emission regulations. Some countries have adopted more advanced regulations based on the most recent version of European or U.S. regulations. For example, the China Stage VI light-duty vehicle emission standards, based on European Stage VI emission standards for light-duty vehicles, U.S. evaporative and refueling emissions standards, and CARB OBD II requirements, incorporate two levels of stringency for tailpipe emissions. Under the level one (VI(a)) standard, the emissions limits are comparable to the EU Stage VI limits, except for carbon monoxide, which is 30% lower than the EU Stage VI limit. The more stringent level two (VI(b)) standard s emissions limits, which are currently in place nationwide in China, are approximately 30-50% lower than the EU Stage VI limits, depending on the pollutants. China Stage VII emission standards are in development, a draft of which is expected to be available in the first quarter of 2026, while the official standard is expected to be published at the end of 2026 and implemented in January 2029. The Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicles Test Cycle remains the testing standard, some pollutant standards remain the same and other pollutants will become newly regulated, and fuel evaporation and OBD monitoring requirements will refer to relevant U.S. emission standards. Mexico and most countries in Central America, the Caribbean, and South America continue to evolve and implement more stringent requirements accepting Europe and U.S. regulations, except Brazil, which has a unique local process called PROCONVE based on U.S. regulations for light-duty vehicles, including RDE-unique requirements with targets starting in 2025, and European regulations for heavy-duty vehicles. Other countries across Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and Australasia (e.g., Australia, New Zealand, UAE) have introduced or expect to introduce regulations based on EU Stage VI standards in the near term. Canadian criteria emissions regulations are largely aligned with U.S. requirements, and Canada accepts U.S. EPA certifications of vehicles and engines prior to their sale or importation into Canada. Elsewhere, there is a mix of regulations and processes based on U.S. and EU standards. Not all countries have adopted appropriate fuel quality standards to accompany the stringent emission standards adopted. This could lead to compliance problems, particularly if OBD or in-use surveillance requirements are implemented. Global Developments. Vehicle emissions regulators continue to focus on the use of defeat devices. Defeat devices are elements of design (typically embedded in software) that improperly cause the emission control system to function less effectively during normal on-road driving than during an official laboratory emissions test, without justification. They are prohibited by law in many jurisdictions, and we do not use defeat devices in our vehicles. 10 Item 1 . Business (Continued) Regulators around the world continue to scrutinize automakers emission testing, which has led to a number of defeat device settlements by various manufacturers. EPA is carrying out additional non-standard tests as part of its vehicle certification program. CARB has also been conducting extensive non-standard emission tests, which in some cases have resulted in certification delays for diesel vehicles. In the past, several European countries have conducted non-standard emission tests and published the results, and, in some cases, this supplemental testing has triggered investigations of manufacturers for possible defeat devices. Testing is expected to continue on an ongoing basis, with new testing methods continually under development. In addition, plaintiffs attorneys are pursuing consumer class action lawsuits based on alleged excessive emissions from cars and trucks, which could, in turn, prompt further investigations by regulators. European GHG Requirements. The European Union regulates passenger car and light commercial vehicle CO 2 emissions using sliding scales with different CO 2 targets for each manufacturer based on the respective average vehicle weight for its fleet of vehicles first registered in a calendar year, with separate targets for passenger cars and light commercial vehicles. A penalty system applies to manufacturers failing to meet the individual CO 2 targets. Pooling agreements between manufacturers to utilize credits are possible under certain conditions, and Ford has entered into such pooling agreements in order to comply with fuel economy regulations without paying a penalty and to enable other manufacturers to benefit from our positive CO 2 performance. For multi-stage vehicles (e.g., Ford s Transit chassis cabs), the base manufacturer (e.g., Ford) is fully responsible for the CO 2 performance of the final up-fitted vehicles. The initial target levels get significantly more stringent every five years (2025, 2030, and 2035), after which all new passenger cars and light commercial vehicles must be zero emission, requiring significant investments in alternative propulsion technologies and extensive fleet management to enable low CO 2 emissions for our fleet. EU heavy-duty CO 2 regulations are being finalized and will also limit CO 2 fleet performance, with slightly different requirements. In December 2025, the EU Commission proposed revised CO 2 emission standards for cars and vans through 2035 and decarbonizing corporate fleets with binding national targets for zero- and low-emission vehicles. Both proposals are expected to be adopted by the fourth quarter of 2026. The United Kingdom has introduced the Vehicle Emission Trading Schemes ( VETS ), which is applicable to manufacturers and establishes ZEV mandates of 80% for cars and 70% for light commercial vehicles by 2030, with a ban on ICE passenger vehicles beginning in 2030 and light commercial vehicles beginning in 2035. The EU Commission has introduced mandatory requirements for national authorities to conduct in-service verification testing on vehicles to measure their actual CO 2 emissions in the field. It is also investigating the introduction of Real Driving CO 2 and Life Cycle Assessment elements, and heavy-duty vehicles are addressed in separate regulations with analogous requirements and challenges. As discussed above, the EU Commission has announced a Green Deal with more stringent requirements for CO 2 emissions (including stricter CO 2 fleet regulations) and other regulated emissions and include recycling and substance restrictions. The EU Commission targets net climate neutrality by 2050 and an ambitious 2030 interim target (a 55% CO 2 reduction across all industries compared to 1990). In December 2025, the EU Commission set a legally-binding target of 90% reduction in net GHG emissions for 2040, with the possibility to use high-quality international credits toward the 2040 target, starting in 2036. This amount can be up to 5% of 1990 EU net GHG emissions, corresponding to a domestic reduction of net GHG emissions by 85% compared to 1990 levels by 2040. Ford also faces the risk of additional compliance-related costs for both passenger cars and light commercial vehicles in all European markets due to, for example, unexpected market fluctuations and shorter lead times impacting average fleet performance. The United Nations developed a technical regulation for passenger car emissions and CO 2 . This world light-duty test procedure ( WLTP ) is focused primarily on better aligning laboratory CO 2 and fuel consumption figures with customer-reported figures. The introduction of WLTP in Europe started in September 2017 and requires updates to CO 2 labeling, thereby impacting taxes in countries with a CO 2 tax scheme as well as CO 2 fleet regulations for passenger cars and light commercial vehicles. Costs associated with new or incremental testing for WLTP are significant. Some European countries have implemented or are considering other initiatives for reducing CO 2 vehicle emissions, including fiscal measures and CO 2 labeling to address country specific targets associated with the Paris Accord. For example, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, and the Netherlands, among others, have introduced taxation based on CO 2 emissions. The EU CO 2 requirements have led to further measures, and we expect that trend to continue. In addition, delayed vehicle launches and supply shortages, as well as an insufficient charging infrastructure and lower demand for ZEV and low CO 2 emission vehicles as certain EV incentives are reduced or eliminated or for other reasons, can trigger compliance risks in all European markets. 11 Item 1 . Business (Continued) European regulators are also starting to look beyond tailpipe CO 2 emissions with new requirements for battery EVs and life cycle assessments. For example, the EU Battery Regulation, which came into effect in 2023, introduces a range of new requirements, including that manufacturers calculate and declare the carbon footprint of their EV batteries and track their environmental performance throughout their life cycles. Maximum carbon footprint thresholds are expected to be set in 2028. The passage of secondary legislation under the EU Battery Regulation, referred to as the Battery Carbon Footprint Delegated Act, has faced significant delays due to technical issues relating to carbon footprint methodology. Compliance with regulations like these will require manufacturers to navigate complex data collection, calculation, and reporting processes. In addition to imposing strict emissions requirements, European regulations are increasingly expanding to include broader sustainability obligations, such as reporting requirements and supply chain due diligence. Although these rules originate in European jurisdictions, they often apply to global corporations across markets and can require costly adjustments to corporate processes, policies, and strategies. This trend is also emerging beyond Europe, with country-specific sustainability reporting requirements in place in Australia and others forthcoming. For example, the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and Australia s Sustainability Reporting Standard both require expanded sustainability-related disclosures, including how companies manage climate risks and align their strategies with global climate goals. Noncompliance can result in monetary penalties and reputational harm. In 2023, the EU adopted the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism ( CBAM ), which will subject certain imported materials (such as iron, steel, and aluminum) to a carbon levy linked to the carbon price payable on domestic goods under the European Trading Scheme. The EU CBAM is expected to increase our costs of importing such materials from 2026 onwards and/or limit our ability to import lower cost materials from non-EU countries. A similar CBAM is expected to be introduced in the United Kingdom in 2027. Other National GHG and Fuel Economy Requirements. The Canadian federal government regulates vehicle GHG emissions under the Canadian Environmental Protection Act. A majority of the U.S. EPA light-duty vehicle standards are automatically adopted in Canada by reference to the United States Code of Federal Regulations, with a few standalone administrative elements. Similarly, heavy-duty vehicle and engine GHG emissions regulations in Canada also incorporate U.S. EPA rules by reference; however, while currently aligned, model year emission targets are standalone in Canada s heavy-duty vehicle and engine regulations and, therefore, are not automatically updated with any updates to U.S. law. Due to the anticipated changes to U.S. EPA GHG standards, the Canadian federal government will end its longstanding regulatory alignment with the United States on GHG requirements, and in February 2026, Canada announced its intention to introduce GHG emission standards for light-duty vehicles to achieve a goal of 75% EV sales by 2035 and 90% by 2040. With such GHG standards, Canada also announced it will repeal the light-duty ZEV sales requirements that would have commenced in the 2027 model year under the Electric Vehicle Availability Standard. Simultaneously, Quebec and British Columbia are reviewing their provincial regulations, which currently mandate 100% ZEV sales by 2035. While both provinces began developing heavy-duty ZEV mandates, there were no new developments in 2025. Additionally, Quebec announced plans in September 2025 to repeal its regulation banning the sale of light-duty internal combustion engine vehicles as of 2035. Ultimately, compliance with these shifting ZEV and emissions requirements depends heavily on market conditions that drive consumer demand for EVs, including technology readiness, purchase incentives, affordability, and the availability and reliability of a charging infrastructure. The prospect of maintaining stringent Canada-specific federal GHG requirements and provincial ZEV sales mandates presents significant challenges. Regional governments across the globe have adopted or are considering implementing, and in some cases introducing, emissions regulations that align with CAFE standards. For example, China s Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle ( NEV ) Credits Administrative Rules contain fuel consumption requirements as well as credit mandates for NEV passenger vehicles, i.e., plug-in hybrids, EVs, or fuel cell vehicles. The fuel consumption requirement, which is based on the WLTP, uses a weight-based approach to establish targets, with year-over-year target reductions. The credit mandates require OEMs to generate a specific amount of NEV credits each year based on a percentage of the OEM s annual ICE vehicle production or import volume, with the percentage increasing year over year. China also imposes a national standard governing fuel consumption limits for passenger vehicles that are produced and to be sold domestically in China. An updated version of this national standard, which will impose more stringent fuel consumption limits, was implemented in January 2026. China is developing a new mandatory national standard to impose limits on fuel consumption and electric energy consumption by PHEVs, detailed proposals of which are expected to be available in the second quarter of 2026. China also released a new mandatory national standard to regulate the limits of electric energy consumption by battery EVs that was implemented in January 2026. 12 Item 1 . Business (Continued) Australia implemented a unique fleet CO 2 standard in 2025 for light-duty and mid-size cars, SUVs, pickups, and vans, which is expected to remain in effect until 2029. Governmental reviews of national standards in Australia, New Zealand, and Saudi Arabia are expected to occur in 2026. South American countries are implementing stricter standards for vehicle energy efficiency and sustainability as well. For example, in 2024, Brazil introduced its MOVER Program (formerly the Rota 2030 Program), which aims to significantly reduce carbon emissions from Brazil s automotive fleet through financial incentives for investments in sustainable technologies. In addition to setting stricter fuel economy targets starting in 2027, MOVER mandates new requirements, applicable to all commercial vehicles, for recyclability and reporting for each vehicle s carbon footprint over its full lifecycle. As discussed above and below in Item 1A. Risk Factors under Ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations, in addition to the rates of EV growth, production disruptions, stop ships, supply chain limitations, lower-than-planned market acceptance of our vehicles, and/or other circumstances may cause us to modify product plans or, in some cases, purchase credits in order to comply with emissions standards, fuel economy standards, or ZEV requirements. Vehicle Safety U.S. Requirements. The National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 1966 (the Safety Act ) regulates vehicles and vehicle equipment in two primary ways. First, the Safety Act prohibits the sale in the United States of any new vehicle or equipment that does not conform to applicable vehicle safety standards established by NHTSA. Meeting or exceeding many safety standards is costly and has continued to evolve as global compliance requirements and public domain (e.g., New Car Assessment Programs ( NCAPs ), Insurance Institute for Highway Safety ( IIHS ), and the China Insurance Auto Safety Index) ratings and assessments continue to evolve, are increasing in demands, and lack harmonization globally. As we expand our business priorities to include autonomous vehicle technologies and broader mobility products and services, our financial exposure has increased. Similarly, federal and state regulatory requirements are growing as lawmakers and regulators adapt to advancements in automation, ranging from driver-assistance technologies such as automatic braking to fully autonomous vehicles. Autonomous vehicle and driver assist technologies continue to be scrutinized by the government, and actual or perceived failures or misuse of these technologies and features have led to government investigations and inquiries, including of Ford, which has responded to information requests from NHTSA and the National Transportation Safety Board about our hands-free highway driving system, BlueCruise. Ford and other OEMs are required to report to NHTSA any crashes that meet NHTSA-defined criteria and occur when certain advanced driver assistance system features are in use. Second, the Safety Act requires that defects related to motor vehicle safety be remedied through safety recall campaigns. A manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it or NHTSA determines the vehicles contain a non-compliance or a defect resulting in an unreasonable risk to safety. Should we or NHTSA determine that either a safety defect or noncompliance issue exists with respect to any of our vehicles, the cost of such recall campaigns could be substantial. Ford is also subject to a consent order we entered into with NHTSA in 2024, pursuant to which we have retained an independent third party selected by NHTSA to assess the Company s adherence to the consent order and Safety Act over the term of the consent order and to report on Ford s progress to NHTSA. European Requirements. The EU has established vehicle safety standards and regulations and is likely to adopt additional or more stringent requirements in the future, especially in the areas of access to in-vehicle data, artificial intelligence, and autonomous vehicle technologies. The European General Safety Regulation ( GSR ) introduced UN-ECE regulations, which are required for the European Type Approval process. The GSR includes the mandatory introduction of multiple active and passive safety features, including cybersecurity requirements for all registrations, which began in 2024. EU regulators are focusing on active safety features, such as lane departure warning systems, electronic stability control, and automatic brake assist. EV safety continues to be an active area of regulation in the EU, with UN-ECE Regulation No. 100 establishing safety requirements for EVs and mandating certain testing of electrical powertrains. Furthermore, mobile network providers in certain EU Member States have begun shutting down their 2G and 3G networks, which form the basis for e-Call system functionality in existing vehicles. The e-Call systems in existing vehicles may need to be updated as these systems are phased out. It is also possible that the EU may mandate Member States to maintain these networks to allow for the continued functionality of existing e-Call systems. 13 Item 1 . Business (Continued) Other National Requirements. Globally, governments generally have been adopting UN-ECE based regulations with minor variations to address local concerns. Any difference between North American and UN-ECE based regulations can add complexity and costs to the development of global platform vehicles, and we continue to support efforts to harmonize regulations to reduce vehicle design complexity while providing a common level of safety performance; we are seeking new opportunities in bilateral negotiations that can potentially contribute to this goal. Safety and recall requirements in Brazil, China, India, South Korea, and Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) countries may add substantial costs and complexity to our global recall process. Brazil has set mandatory fleet safety targets and penalties are applied if these levels are not maintained, while a tax reduction may be available for over-performance. In Canada, regulatory requirements are mostly aligned with U.S. regulations; however, under the Canadian Motor Vehicle Safety Act, the Minister of Transport has broad powers to order manufacturers to submit a notice of defect or non-compliance when the Minister considers it to be in the interest of safety. In 2021, Canada started preliminary consultations on several new proposed regulations. Final regulations for Administrative Monetary Penalties took effect in 2023. Draft regulations for Analysis of Technical Information for Vehicles and Equipment were delayed; they are now expected to be released in 2026 and will likely contain some reporting requirements unique to Canada. In China, new standards for AECS (Accident Emergency Call System) related to electronic architecture and devices are expected to take effect in July 2027. Additionally, mandatory national standards for intelligent connected vehicles governing vehicle cybersecurity, software updates, and autonomous driving data recording systems are currently under development in China and will take effect in July 2026. New mandatory national standards with an accident-driven focus, including safety requirements for driver assistance systems, are under development and are expected to take effect in January 2027. Similarly, in the Middle East and Southeast Asia, legislators are focusing on regulating driver assistance and autonomous driving technologies, as well as cyber and data security for connected vehicles. In Malaysia and South Korea, mandatory e-Call requirements are being drafted. E-Call is mandatory in the UAE for new vehicles, and, following an update to its next generation e-Call regulations, will be required in Saudi Arabia beginning with the 2027 model year. The next generation of e-Call regulations are expected to be expanded across the GCC region in the near future with efforts to draft a regional e-Call regulation commenced in 2025. New Car Assessment Programs. Organizations around the world rate and compare motor vehicles in NCAPs to provide consumers and businesses with additional information about the safety of new vehicles. NCAPs use crash tests and other evaluations that are different and often more stringent than what is required by applicable regulations. Vehicle safety is rated using stars, with five stars awarded for the highest safety rating and one for the lowest. Achieving high NCAP ratings, which may vary by country or region, can add complexity and cost to vehicles. Similarly, environmental rating systems exist in various regions, e.g., Green NCAP in Europe. In China, updated NCAP protocols were implemented in 2024, requiring more stringent assessment methods for both passive and active safety technologies and expanding the scope of such assessments to pick-up trucks and commercial vans. In Southeast Asia and Latin America, an updated NCAP test and rating protocol is similarly forecast to be effective beginning in 2026 and is expected to put greater emphasis on assessment of driver assistance technologies. In Australia and New Zealand, the Australasian NCAP published protocols that are expected to be effective from 2026 to 2028 and harmonize with other protocols adopted in the EU, but with distinct local e-Call and child restraint specifications. These protocols impose additional requirements relating to testing, evaluation, and mandatory safety features, and compliance with them (or any subsequent updates to them) may be costly. 14 Item 1 . Business (Continued) HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES People Strategy and Governance We strive to create an employee experience that enables an inclusive environment of excellence, focus, and collaboration among team members, allowing us to deliver short- and long-term business success. Ford maintains an Executive People Forum consisting of the CEO and top leadership team that meets monthly with a specific focus on people and organizational topics that will enable and accelerate delivery of our Ford+ plan. Key topic areas include Compensation Retention; Organization Design; Talent Planning Development; and Inclusion and Culture. Our Board of Directors and Board committees provide important oversight on human capital matters, including items discussed at the Executive People Forum. The Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee maintains responsibility to review, discuss, and set strategic direction for various people-related business strategies, including: compensation and benefit programs, leadership succession planning, inclusive culture, and talent development programs. The Sustainability, Innovation and Policy Committee is responsible for discussing and advising management on maintaining and improving sustainability strategies, the implementation of which creates value consistent with the long-term preservation and enhancement of shareholder value and social wellbeing, including human rights, working conditions, and responsible sourcing. Collective recommendations to the Board and its committees are an important part of how we proactively manage our human capital and create an employee experience that allows employees and our organization to thrive. Employee Health and Safety Nothing is more important than the health, safety, and wellbeing of our employees, and we consistently strive to achieve world-class levels of safety through the application of sound policies and best practices. We maintain a robust safety culture designed to reduce workplace injuries, supported by effective communication, reporting, and external benchmarking. We verify compliance with regulatory requirements as well as our internal safety standards. To prevent recurrence of workplace injuries, regular updates are provided to Company management on key safety issues, including safety key performance indicators, significant incidents, and high potential near misses. As a Company, we participate in multi-industry benchmarking groups, within and outside the automotive sector, to share safety best practices and collaborate on common health and safety concerns. In 2025, there were zero employee fatality incidents globally. Proactive initiatives and leading safety metrics have been implemented as we strive to prevent workplace injuries and reduce risk to our employees and contractors. Building a Diverse and Inclusive Workplace At Ford, we are committed to supporting and sustaining a respectful, inclusive, and safe workplace for all employees. We believe this empowers every person to do their best work and ultimately achieve the Ford+ plan. We actively recruit and hire the best talent and are proud that our workforce is made up of people with different backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences so we can deliver the best products and services for our customers around the world. Ford offers 10 global Employee Resource Groups ( ERGs ) that represent various dimensions of our employee population, including race, ethnicity, gender, religion, LGBTQ+, disability, veterans, and generation with chapters throughout the world. All ERGs are open to all employees and are instrumental in providing a voice to our global workforce, while also providing valuable insights into the employee experience and product and service development. We work to strengthen collaboration across the organization by embedding inclusion in the leadership behaviors that support the Ford operating system. We also leverage the benefit of diversity by listening to the voices of our employees and stakeholders, which strengthens our workplace, systems, and offerings and ultimately drives value for the business. Our workforce statistics include the following as of December 31, 2025: 27.9% of our salaried employees worldwide are women; 25.5% of our total salaried and hourly employees in the United States are women; and 36.7% of our total salaried and hourly employees in the United States are underrepresented racial and ethnic groups. 15 Item 1 . Business (Continued) Talent Attraction, Growth, and Capability Assessment Talent attraction at Ford is evolving with the transformation of our business. We are sourcing and attracting candidates from multiple industries and regions of the world. We continue to recruit talent from traditional industries, such as manufacturing and consulting, and have been successful in attracting talent from non-traditional industries, specifically the technology industry. This is important as we build our expertise in growth areas such as software, electrification and adjacent technologies, and integrated services. From a capability perspective, we leverage best practices in assessments and talent management to strengthen our current capabilities and future pipeline while reinforcing a culture of excellence, focus, and collaboration. The performance management process is reviewed regularly to ensure we set clear expectations, measure individual performance, and reward appropriately. Our process includes a semi-annual review of each individual s performance to objectives and demonstration of expected behaviors of excellence, focus, and collaboration. Finally, the extent to which our people leaders are equipped to drive our transformation plays a vital role in our strategy, and we are committed to helping our leaders strengthen their capabilities with dedicated traditional and non-traditional learning opportunities. Our leadership strategy equips our leaders with the capabilities to deliver business results and grow the talent needed to meet our organizational needs. Competitive Benefit Programs We provide employees with a competitive, comprehensive, and flexible set of benefits and resources to support their financial, social, mental/emotional, physical, and professional health. Our comprehensive global benefits programs are designed to attract and retain top talent worldwide. These programs include a wide range of resources and solutions to educate, empower, and support individual and organizational goals while being tailored to local regulations and employee needs across our diverse global workforce. This comprehensive approach is integral to our total rewards strategy, addressing business and employee challenges through a multi-channel approach that provides diverse populations and global regions with flexible options to meet their specific goals. We use data-driven insights gathered through surveys, focus groups, and claims data to understand employee challenges and prioritize our programs and resources. Our benefits are regularly reviewed and adjusted to remain competitive within our respective markets and reflect evolving employee expectations. We are committed to creating an environment where employees and People Leaders respect and value each other as we deliver Ford+. Employee Sentiment Strategy We gather feedback from our employees through a variety of channels throughout the year. Our approach is designed to capture sentiment and make it actionable for managers, leadership, and for the teams designing the tools, processes, and policies that impact the employee experience. We use a mix of annual and real-time surveys designed to understand employee sentiment in areas such as people leader effectiveness, job satisfaction, inclusion, wellbeing, overall satisfaction, strategy and execution, and Ford Operating System behaviors. A critical element of measuring sentiment is ensuring the data gets to those who are best positioned to use it to drive improvements in the employee experience. We design dashboards and tools for managers to view the results from their teams, help them to generate meaningful insights, and convert those insights into guided actions. We share the results with senior executives to identify broader trends and themes and to inform larger strategic decisions across the Company. 16 Item 1 . Business (Continued) Employment Data The approximate number of individuals employed by us and entities that we consolidated as of December 31 was as follows (in thousands): 2024 2025 United States 87 87 Rest of World 78 76 Company excluding Ford Credit 165 163 Ford Credit 6 6 Total Company 171 169 In the United States, approximately 99% of our unionized hourly employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements and represented by the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America ( UAW or United Auto Workers ). At December 31, 2025, approximately 56,300 hourly employees in the United States were represented by the UAW. 17 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. We have listed below the material risk factors applicable to us grouped into the following categories: Operational Risks; Macroeconomic, Market, and Strategic Risks; Financial Risks; and Legal and Regulatory Risks. Some of the risks and contingencies discussed herein may have previously occurred. These risk factors are not representations as to whether or not such matters have occurred in the past and instead reflect our opinions on material factors that may materially and adversely affect our business in the future. We have a global business, and conditions in our industry and the regions where we operate and sell our products and services may change quickly. Accordingly, institutional stability is crucial to businesses like Ford as we make hiring and investment decisions, as well as to the smooth functioning of financial markets on which we depend. Rapid policy change in our home market, the United States, is creating uncertainty in our operations and business outlook, and may remain a source of volatility in the future. Operational Risks Ford s long-term success depends on delivering the Ford+ plan, including improving cost competitiveness. We previously announced our plan for growth and value creation Ford+. Ford+ is our plan to thrive at the intersection of great vehicles, iconic brands, and innovative software and service, building Ford into a higher growth, higher margin, more capital efficient, and more durable company. Our Ford+ plan is designed to leverage our foundational strengths with enhanced capabilities enriching customer experiences and deepening loyalty. As we progress this transformation of our business, we must integrate our strategic initiatives into a cohesive business model, modernize our systems, processes, and technologies, and balance competing priorities, or we will not be successful. To facilitate this transformation, we are making substantial investments, recruiting new talent, and modernizing and optimizing our business model, management and IT systems, and organization. Our strategy involves providing customers freedom of choice to select the powertrain that best suits their needs and maintaining manufacturing flexibility at Ford to meet shifting customer demand. Accordingly, maintaining discipline in our capital allocation continues to be important, as a strong core business and a balance sheet that provides the flexibility to invest in these opportunities are critical to the success of our Ford+ plan. If we are unable to optimize our capital allocation among vehicles (and propulsion systems among our vehicles), services, technology, and other calls on capital, make sufficient and timely progress to become competitive on cost and quality and ensure that progress is sustainable, or we are otherwise not successful in executing Ford+ (or are delayed for reasons outside of our control), we may not be able to realize the full benefits of our plan, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, if we fail to make progress on our plan at the pace that shareholders expect, it may lead to an increase in shareholder activism, which may disrupt the conduct of our business and divert management s attention and resources. As described elsewhere herein, global political instability and volatility in government regulations and unpredictable trade policy (including tariffs) in the United States and around the world limit our ability to conduct effective long-term planning and make capital allocation decisions. Ford s products have been and could continue to be affected by defects that result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, or delays in new model launches, and the time it takes to improve the quality of our products and services and reduce the costs associated therewith could continue to have an adverse effect on our business. Government safety standards require manufacturers to remedy defects related to vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns, and a manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines that the vehicles do not comply with a safety standard. We may also be obligated to remedy defects or potentially recall our products due to defective components provided to us by our suppliers, arising from their quality issues or otherwise. NHTSA s enforcement strategy has resulted in significant civil penalties being levied and the use of consent orders, including at Ford, requiring direct oversight by NHTSA of certain manufacturers safety processes, a strategy that could continue. For example, as part of a consent order we entered into with NHTSA in 2024, we have retained an independent third party selected by NHTSA to assess the Company s adherence to the consent order and Safety Act over the term of the consent order and to report on Ford s progress to NHTSA. Should we or government safety regulators determine that a safety or other defect or a noncompliance exists with respect to certain of our products prior to the start of production, the launch of such product could be delayed until such defect is remedied. The cost of recall and customer satisfaction actions to remedy defects in vehicles that have been sold could be substantial, particularly if the actions relate to global platforms or involve defects that are identified years after production. For example, NHTSA and the automotive industry are currently engaged in a study of the safety of approximately 56 million Takata desiccated airbag inflators in the United States. Of these, approximately 3.5 million of the inflators are in our vehicles. In addition, NHTSA is considering action related to 52 million vehicles containing inflators from ARC Automotive and Delphi Automotive in the United States. Ford has 2.5 million vehicles within this population. Should NHTSA determine that these inflators contain a safety defect, Ford and other manufacturers could potentially face significant incremental recall costs. Further, to the extent recall and customer satisfaction actions relate to defective components we receive from suppliers, our ability to recover from the suppliers may be limited by the suppliers financial condition. 18 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) Ford is also subject to environmental regulatory compliance requirements, and in many jurisdictions (including the United States), we are required to report on and correct certain emissions-related defects. Similarly, where required by regulation, we are obligated to honor certain warranties on emissions-related components, which can impose additional obligations beyond our standard warranties and increase our costs. We accrue the estimated cost of both base warranty coverages and field service actions at the time a vehicle is sold, and we reevaluate the adequacy of our accruals on a regular basis. In addition, from time to time, we issue extended warranties at our expense, the estimated cost of which is accrued at the time of issuance. The impact of such accruals will be reflected in our results of operations for the period in which the accrual is made, which could cause variability in our financial performance, while the cash flow impact may be reflected in a later period or periods. For additional information regarding warranty and field service action costs, including our process for establishing our reserves, see Critical Accounting Estimates in Item 7 and Note 24 of the Notes to the Financial Statements. If warranty costs are greater than anticipated as a result of increased vehicle and component complexity, the adoption of new technologies, the time it takes to improve the quality of our products and services (or if such efforts are unsuccessful), implementation of additional remedies in the event the initial one is ineffective or parts are unavailable, or otherwise (including as a result of higher repair costs driven by inflation or other economic factors), such costs could continue to have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, launch delays, recall actions, and increased warranty costs have generated negative publicity and adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our reputation or the public perception and market acceptance of our products and services as discussed elsewhere herein. In an effort to improve quality, we have slowed down and may continue to slow down launches, which may result in lost sales, revenue, and profits and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. From time to time, our inventory levels may be higher due to a number of different factors, including as a result of vehicles on hold for quality control, which may cause us to incur additional costs associated with those vehicles, e.g., repair costs for weather-related damage. Ford is highly dependent on its suppliers to deliver components in accordance with Ford s production schedule and specifications, and a shortage of or inability to timely acquire key components or raw materials has previously disrupted and may, in the future, disrupt Ford s operations. Our products contain many components that we source globally from a complex network of suppliers, who, in turn, source components from their suppliers. If there is a shortage of a key component in our supply chain or a supplier is unable to deliver a component to us in accordance with our specifications and at the cost contracted for, because of a production issue, a disruption at a supplier s facility (e.g., fire, explosion, equipment failure, or natural disaster), limited availability of materials, shipping problems, restrictions on transactions with certain countries or companies, implementation of tariffs, or other reason, and the component cannot be easily sourced from a different supplier, or we are unable to obtain a component on a timely basis, the shortage may disrupt our operations or increase our costs of production and our ability to recoup lost production volume may be limited. For example, in 2025, our production was disrupted by fires at one of our major aluminum suppliers, the effects of which are ongoing. For the manufacture of our electrified products, we are dependent on the supply of batteries and the raw materials (e.g., lithium, cobalt, and nickel) used by our suppliers to produce those batteries. Some of these resources are limited, and, as a result, we may be unable to acquire raw materials needed for our products in sufficient amounts that are responsibly sourced or at reasonable prices. As described in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section in Item 7 below, and elsewhere herein, we have entered into and we may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts that obligate us, subject to certain conditions such as quality or minimum output, to purchase a certain percentage or minimum amount of output from certain raw materials suppliers. In the event the supplier under those agreements or any of our or our suppliers raw material supply contracts is unable to deliver sufficient quantities of raw materials needed for our or our suppliers production operations, e.g., if a mine does not produce at expected levels, or the raw materials do not otherwise satisfy our requirements, and we or our suppliers are unable to find an alternative resource that satisfies our technical requirements and with sufficient quantities, at reasonable prices, responsibly sourced, and in a timely manner, it could impact our ability to manufacture products. Further, suppliers who fail to comply with our requirements for ethical business practices could lead us to seek alternative suppliers, which may result in delayed deliveries or increased costs. A shortage of, or our inability to acquire or find adequate suppliers of, key components or raw materials as a result of disruptions in the supply chain, import and export bans or tariffs imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments, capacity constraints, limited availability, competition for those items within the automotive industry and other sectors, or otherwise can cause a significant disruption to our production schedule and have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. For example, China s restriction on the export of rare earth minerals, which we and our suppliers utilize for a number of components, has impacted (e.g., rescheduling production, changing operating patterns) 19 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) and caused disruptions in our production operations, increases the risk of future production disruptions, and has increased and may further increase costs (e.g., premium freight and expedited shipping costs to make up for delays in component availability). Moreover, as the industry evolves, suppliers of traditional or EV-specific components may face financial distress or choose to exit certain lines of business, further narrowing our sourcing options and potentially leading to higher prices or supply shortages that could have a substantial adverse effect on our results of operations and reputation. Ford s production, as well as Ford s suppliers production, and/or the ability to deliver products to consumers could be disrupted by labor issues, public health issues, natural or man-made disasters, adverse effects of climate change, financial distress, production difficulties, capacity limitations, or other factors. A work stoppage or other limitation on production has occurred, and could in the future occur, at Ford s facilities, at a facility in its supply chain, or at one of its logistics providers for any number of reasons, including as a result of labor issues, such as shortages of available employees, disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements, absenteeism, public health issues (e.g., COVID), stay-at-home orders, or in response to potential restructuring actions (e.g., plant closures); as a result of supplier financial distress or other production constraints, such as limited quantities of components or raw materials, quality issues, capacity limitations, or other difficulties; as a result of a natural disaster (including climate-related physical risk); social unrest; cybersecurity incidents; or for other reasons. A suspension or substantial curtailment of our manufacturing operations could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The duration of a suspension of manufacturing operations and a return to our full production schedule will vary. Our Ford Blue, Ford Model e, and Ford Pro operations generally do not realize revenue while our manufacturing operations are suspended, but we continue to incur operating and non-operating expenses, resulting in a deterioration of our cash flow. Accordingly, any significant future disruption to our production schedule, regionally or globally, whether as a result of our own or a supplier s suspension of operations, could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. Moreover, our supply and distribution chains may be disrupted by supplier or dealer bankruptcies or their permanent discontinuation of operations. In addition, broader changes in the supplier landscape, including supplier consolidation and suppliers decisions to no longer participate in a particular line of business, pose a risk of supply shortages and/or price increases. The limited availability of components, labor shortages, public health emergencies, and supplier operating issues have led to intermittent interruptions in our supply chain and an inconsistent production schedule at our facilities. This has exacerbated the disruption to our suppliers operations, which, in turn, has led to higher costs and production shortfalls. As a result of this disrupted production schedule, we have received and continue to receive claims from our supply base for reimbursement of costs beyond our original agreed terms. Upon receipt, we evaluate those claims, and, in certain circumstances, we have made payments to our suppliers, and this trend may continue. Given the worldwide scope of our supply chain and operations, we and our suppliers face a risk of disruption or operating inefficiencies that may increase costs due to the adverse physical effects of climate change, which are predicted to increase the frequency and severity of weather and other natural events, e.g., wildfires, extended droughts, flooding, and extreme temperatures. In addition, in the event a weather-related event, strike, international conflict, or other occurrence limits the ability of freight carriers to deliver components or other materials to us, or logistics providers are unable to transport our products for an extended period of time, it may increase our costs and delay or otherwise impact our production operations and customers ability to receive our products. Many components used in our products are available only from a single or limited number of suppliers and, therefore, cannot be re-sourced quickly or inexpensively to another supplier (due to long lead times, specialized tooling, rigorous validation requirements, and new contractual commitments that may be required by another supplier before ramping up to provide the components or materials, etc.). Such suppliers also could threaten to disrupt our production as leverage in negotiations. In addition, when we undertake a model changeover, significant downtime at one or more of our production facilities may be required, and our ability to return to full production may be delayed if we experience production difficulties at one of our facilities or a supplier s facility. Moreover, as vehicles, components, and their integration become more complex, we may face an increased risk of a delay in production of new vehicles. Regardless of the cause, our ability to recoup lost production volume may be limited. Accordingly, as we have experienced in the past, and may again experience in the future, a significant disruption to our production schedule could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations and may impact our strategy to comply with fuel economy standards as discussed elsewhere herein. 20 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, commercial relationships, or business strategies or the benefits may take longer than expected to materialize. We have invested in, formed strategic alliances or entered into commercial relationships with, and announced or formed joint ventures with a number of companies, and we may expand those relationships or enter into similar relationships with additional companies. These initiatives typically involve enormous complexity, may require a significant amount of capital, and may involve a lengthy regulatory approval process. As a result, we may not be able to complete anticipated transactions, the anticipated benefits of these transactions may not be realized, or the benefits may be delayed. For example, we may not successfully integrate an alliance or joint venture with our operations, including the implementation of our controls, systems, procedures, and policies, we may be unable to retain key employees, or unforeseen expenses or liabilities may arise that were not discovered during due diligence prior to an investment or entry into a strategic alliance, or a misalignment of interests may develop between us and the other party. Further, to the extent we share ownership, control, or management with another party in a joint venture, our ability to influence the joint venture may be limited, and we may be unable to prevent misconduct or implement our compliance or internal control systems. Moreover, negative publicity, government investigations, or litigation involving a company with which we have a business or supply relationship, including licensing intellectual property, may have an adverse effect on our reputation. In order to secure critical materials to manufacture our products, we have entered into and may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts with raw materials and other suppliers and make investments in certain raw material, battery, and suppliers; however, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these actions and our efforts to have our suppliers, particularly those in less developed markets, adopt Ford s sustainability and other standards may be unsuccessful, which could have an adverse impact on our reputation and may expose us to litigation or investigations as a result of our relationships with such suppliers. In addition, the implementation of a new or different business strategy may not be successful or may lead to the disruption of our existing business operations, including distracting management from current operations. For example, the new battery energy storage business we announced in the fourth quarter of 2025 or our efforts to evaluate and implement alternative distribution models and channels for our products and services from those we have traditionally used may be challenged or may not succeed or be as successful as our historical arrangements. External factors may also impact the success of our initiatives. For example, our business and strategy are susceptible to tensions in U.S.-China relations and the rapid development of the Chinese electrified vehicle industry, with domestic Chinese producers exporting to some key markets in which we operate. In addition, as we implement our strategy to provide customers freedom of choice to select the powertrain that best suits their needs and maintain manufacturing flexibility to meet shifting customer demand, we have in the past taken, and may in the future take, actions such as adjusting our investments and spending, not fully utilizing or reducing the capacity of our existing or future plants, reducing production hours or shifts, cancelling programs or deciding to no longer produce vehicles already in production, or delaying vehicle and technology launches, and we have in the past and may in the future become subject to claims by suppliers or other parties, incur charges related to impairments, asset write-downs, or inventory adjustments, or lose or become obligated to repay government incentives as a result. For example, we have taken, and may in the future take, such actions to better match the pace of EV adoption, which has been lower than anticipated industrywide. Results of operations from new activities may be lower than anticipated or our existing activities, and, if a strategy is unsuccessful, we may not recoup our investments, which may be significant, in that strategy. Further, as our strategy evolves in an area, we may be unable to utilize or redeploy our existing assets or investments in that or other areas, which may lead to impairments and other cash and non-cash charges. Moreover, we have in the past incurred and may in the future incur charges and continue to have financial exposure following a change in strategy, a strategic divestiture, a cessation of operations in a market, or a decision to unwind an existing venture or relationship. For example, in December 2025, we announced our updated EV strategy, the expected disposition of our investment in BlueOval SK, LLC, and the charges we expected to record related to those items. Failure to successfully and timely realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions or strategies described herein could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of restructuring actions and such actions may cause Ford to incur significant charges, disrupt our operations, or harm our reputation. We continually review and evaluate our business to find opportunities to make our operations more efficient and reduce costs. In doing so, we have taken, and may in the future take, restructuring actions, such as strategic divestitures, unwinding an existing venture or relationship, or ceasing operations in a market, particularly for those businesses where a path to sustained profitability is not feasible in light of the capital allocation requirements or for other reasons. Our plans for implementing such actions may be accelerated by shifting industry dynamics and new entrants to our industries with which we must compete. These actions may include employee separations, a reduced footprint (e.g., plant closures or smaller operations at existing plants or plants that are not yet on-line), operating our plants at less than full capacity (e.g., reducing shifts), cancelling products or programs, or shifting our strategy for the deployment of technologies. Such restructuring actions have caused us and may in the future cause us to incur significant costs; record impairments or other charges; subject us to potential claims from employees, suppliers, dealers, other counterparties, or governmental authorities (including a reduction or clawback of 21 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) incentives); disrupt our operations; distract management from current operations; or harm our reputation. Further, we may not realize the expected benefits of such restructuring actions (e.g., anticipated cost savings), such benefits may be delayed, or market dynamics or other factors may have evolved such that we cannot obtain the original intended results of an action. Failure to develop and deploy secure digital services that appeal to customers, retain existing subscribers, and grow our subscription rates could have a negative impact on Ford s business. A growing part of our business involves connectivity, digital and physical services, and integrated software services, and we are devoting significant resources to develop this business. Further, we have announced our plans and expectations for integrated services to become a larger portion of our revenue and earnings by offering new and differentiated products, retaining existing subscribers, and growing subscription rates with new customers. If we do not develop, deliver, and make available standardized technologies that customers can easily adopt and use, fail to generate sufficient demand for our integrated software and digital services, or if customers do not opt to activate the modems in our vehicles, which would hinder our ability to offer and sell such services, we may not grow revenue in line with the costs we are investing or achieve profitability on our increasingly digitally-connected products. Shifting public policy regarding data privacy and the effects of artificial intelligence has caused and may in the future cause us to incur substantial costs to modify our operations or business practices, reduce consumers willingness to engage with our offerings, or cause delays or lapses in the availability of our products or services in various jurisdictions. We must convince prospective users of the benefits of our subscription services and our existing users of the continued value thereof. This depends in large part on our ability to offer exceptional services, competitive pricing, integrated functionality, and a satisfying user experience. Further discussion of risks associated with market acceptance of our services and the evolving regulatory landscape is provided elsewhere herein. We contract with third parties to offer digital content to customers and license technologies for use in our software and digital services. This includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into our own services; however, continuation of these third-party licensing and other arrangements, or their renewal on commercially reasonable terms, is not guaranteed or may be unavailable. Moreover, while we seek to grow our share of this business, third parties may be less inclined to continue developing or licensing software for Ford s products or permit the Company to distribute their content, or such providers may offer competing products and services to the detriment of our business. If we are unable to offer integrated software applications and digital services on competitive terms, it may reduce customer demand or increase our costs to provide such applications and services, which we may be unable to pass on to customers. Alternatively, we may have to develop or license new content or technology to provide digital services, and there can be no assurance we would be able to develop or license such content or technology at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, either of which could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or reputation. Sophisticated software integration may have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or other software products and services. In addition, the services we offer can have quality issues and may, from time to time, experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors. Moreover, the reliance of our services on cloud-based systems and other digital infrastructure owned by third parties creates particular risk. Any outage, misconfiguration, or loss of data within the systems or infrastructure of these third parties could impair the performance of our services from time to time. As a result, these services may not always perform as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. There can be no assurance we will be able to detect and remedy all issues and defects in the hardware, software, and services we offer, or successfully deliver over-the-air ( OTA ) updates. Failure to do so on a timely basis could result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting our products and services. Further discussion of the risks associated with product defects, quality issues, or delays in product launches and availability is provided elsewhere herein. We continue to increase the number of BlueCruise (our hands-free highway driving system) enabled vehicles on the road and its growth and expansion remains an important part of our strategy. We also face substantial competition in that area. In addition, autonomous vehicle and driver assist technologies, including BlueCruise, continue to be scrutinized by government regulators and consumers, and actual or perceived failures or misuse of these technologies and features have led to government investigations and inquiries, including of Ford. Such negative publicity of our products or those of our competitors could undermine consumer trust and negatively impact our subscription rates. If we are unable to successfully develop and grow BlueCruise and other subscription services or build and maintain consumer trust in those offerings, we may be unable to recoup the investments we have made in those technologies and it could negatively impact our reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 22 Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) While we continue to invest in direct-to-consumer sales methods for our connectivity, digital and physical services, and integrated software services offerings, we are dependent on the efforts of third-party dealers for the majority of our sales in this space. We have invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance sales through dealers, including education programs for dealership employees on the benefits of our services offerings and developing and making available digital marketing assets to dealers. These efforts may require a substantial investment of time and capital while providing no assurance of incremental sales. The actions of end users are generally beyond our control and some users may engage in fraudulent or abusive activities that involve our digital services. These include unauthorized use of accounts through stolen credentials, failure to pay for services accessed, or other activities that violate our terms of service. While we have implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our digital services and related information systems, malicious entities have and will continue to attempt to gain unauthorized access to them. If our efforts to detect such violations or our actions to control these types of fraud and abuse are not effective or timely, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or reputation. Further discussion of the risks associated with operational information systems and our cybersecurity posture is provided elsewhere herein. Ford s ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints. The vast majority of the hourly employees in our manufacturing operations in the United States and Canada are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements. These agreements provide guaranteed wage and benefit levels throughout the contract term and some degree of income security, subject to certain conditions. Our recent labor contracts, including those with the In