=== F_2026-02-11.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued) and investor litigation could give rise to de facto changes in the interpretation of existing emission laws and regulations, thereby imposing new burdens on manufacturers. For more discussion of the impact of standards on our global business, see the “Governmental Standards” discussion in “Item 1. Business” above. We and other companies continue to develop autonomous vehicle and driver assist technologies, and the U.S. and foreign governments are continuing to develop the regulatory framework that will govern autonomous vehicles and related technologies. Governmental restrictions on such technologies may limit our ability to provide these features to consumers, and manufacturers are facing increased scrutiny from regulators at the state and federal level on system misuse by customers, feature capabilities, and whether advertising for this technology contains false or misleading information. Some states are developing their own regulations that impact the testing and design of autonomous vehicles. This patchwork approach without federal guidance may subject Ford to additional compliance costs. Further, autonomous vehicle and driver assist technologies continue to be scrutinized by the government and consumers, and actual or perceived failures or misuse of these technologies and features have led to government investigations and inquiries, including of Ford, which has responded to information requests from NHTSA and the National Transportation Safety Board about our BlueCruise system. We and other OEMs are required to report to NHTSA crashes that meet NHTSA-defined criteria and occur when certain advanced driver assistance system features are in use. Such events involving our vehicles and technologies could require safety recalls and/or subject us to fines, penalties, damages, investigations, and reputational harm. In addition, the demand for these services by consumers is fluctuating as the technology is rolled out in various stages and with mixed industry results. Ford and Ford Credit could be affected by the continued development of more stringent privacy, data use, data protection, data access, and artificial intelligence laws and regulations as well as consumers’ heightened expectations to safeguard their personal information. We are subject to laws, rules, guidelines from privacy and other regulators, and regulations in the United States and other countries relating to the collection, use, transfer, and security of data and the personal information of consumers, employees, or others, including laws that may require us to notify regulators and affected individuals of a data security incident. Such laws, rules, and regulations, also apply to our vendors and/or may hold us liable for any violations by our vendors. Existing and newly developed laws and regulations may apply broadly to our operations within the relevant jurisdiction, are subject to change and uncertain interpretations by courts and regulators, and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions. Accordingly, complying with such laws and regulations may lead to a decline in consumer engagement or cause us to incur substantial costs to modify our operations or business practices. Moreover, regulatory actions seeking to impose significant financial penalties for noncompliance and/or legal actions (including pursuant to laws providing for private rights of action by consumers) could be brought against us in the event of a data compromise, misuse of consumer information, or perceived or actual non-compliance with data protection, data access, privacy, or artificial intelligence requirements. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify these risks. Further, any unauthorized release of personal information could harm our reputation, disrupt our business, cause us to expend significant resources, and lead to a loss of consumer confidence resulting in an adverse impact on our business and/or consumers deciding to withhold or withdraw consent for our collection or use of data. Ford Credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations. As a finance company, Ford Credit is highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations in which it operates, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on its business. In the United States, for example, Ford Credit’s operations are subject to regulation and supervision under various federal, state, and local laws, including the federal Truth-in-Lending Act, Consumer Leasing Act, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and Fair Credit Reporting Act. The Dodd-Frank Act directs federal agencies to adopt rules to regulate the finance industry and the capital markets and gives the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) broad rule-making and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer financial protection laws that regulate consumer finance businesses, such as Ford Credit’s automotive financing business. Exercise of these powers by the CFPB may increase the costs of, impose additional restrictions on, or otherwise adversely affect companies in the automotive finance business. The CFPB has authority to supervise and examine the largest nonbank automotive finance companies, such as Ford Credit, for compliance with consumer financial protection laws. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject Ford Credit to regulatory enforcement actions, including consent orders or similar orders where Ford Credit may be required to revise practices, remunerate customers, or pay fines. An enforcement action against Ford Credit or publicity around even an allegation that Ford Credit has not complied with applicable laws or regulations could harm Ford Credit’s reputation or lead to further litigation. Moreover, in response to audits, inspections, or investigations conducted by regulatory authorities, Ford Credit has in the past modified and may in the future modify its operations or take other actions, such as remunerating customers. 32 

=== F_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our 2025 Form 10-K Report, as updated by our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10‑Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. 55 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES THAT SUPPLEMENT GAAP MEASURES We use both generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and non-GAAP financial measures for operational and financial decision making, and to assess Company and segment business performance. The non-GAAP measures listed below are intended to be considered by users as supplemental information to their equivalent GAAP measures, to aid investors in better understanding our financial results. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide useful perspective on underlying operating results and trends, and a means to compare our period-over-period results. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP measures may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in items or events being adjusted. • Company Adjusted EBIT (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to Ford) – Earnings before interest and taxes (“EBIT”) excludes interest on debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), taxes, and pre-tax special items. This non-GAAP measure is useful to management and investors because it focuses on underlying operating results and trends, and improves comparability of our period-over-period results. Our management excludes special items from its review of the results of the operating segments for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources. Our categories of pre-tax special items and the applicable significance guideline for each item (which may consist of a group of items related to a single event or action) are as follows: Pre-Tax Special Item Significance Guideline ∘ Pension and OPEB remeasurement gains and losses ∘ No minimum ∘ Personnel expenses, supplier- and dealer-related costs, and facility-related charges stemming from our efforts to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand and changing model mix ∘ Generally $100 million or more ∘ Other items that we do not generally consider to be indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities ∘ $500 million or more for individual field service actions; generally $100 million or more for other items • Company Adjusted EBIT Margin (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Company Net Income/(Loss) Margin) – Company adjusted EBIT margin is Company adjusted EBIT divided by Company revenue. This non-GAAP measure is useful to management and investors because it allows users to evaluate our operating results aligned with industry reporting. • Adjusted Earnings/(Loss) Per Share (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Earnings/(Loss) Per Share) – Measure of Company’s diluted net earnings/(loss) per share adjusted for impact of pre-tax special items (described above), tax special items, and restructuring impacts in noncontrolling interests. The measure provides investors with useful information to evaluate performance of our business excluding items not indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities. • Adjusted Effective Tax Rate (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Effective Tax Rate) – Measure of Company’s tax rate excluding pre-tax special items (described above) and tax special items. The measure provides an ongoing effective rate which investors find useful for historical comparisons and for forecasting. • Company Adjusted Free Cash Flow (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Net Cash Provided By/(Used In) Operating Activities) – Measure of Company’s operating cash flow excluding Ford Credit’s operating cash flows. The measure contains elements management considers operating activities, including Company excluding Ford Credit capital spending, Ford Credit distributions to its parent, and settlement of derivatives. The measure excludes cash outflows for funded pension contributions, restructuring actions, and other items that are considered operating cash flows under U.S. GAAP. This measure is useful to management and investors because it is consistent with management’s assessment of the Company’s operating cash flow performance. • Adjusted ROIC – Calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit/(loss) after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters. Adjusted Return on Invested Capital (“Adjusted ROIC”) provides management and investors with useful information to evaluate the Company’s after-cash tax operating return on its invested capital for the period presented. Adjusted net operating profit/(loss) after cash tax measures operating results less special items, interest on debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), and certain pension/OPEB costs. Average invested capital is the sum of average balance sheet equity, debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), and net pension/OPEB liability. 56 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) When we provide guidance for adjusted EBIT, adjusted earnings/(loss) per share, and adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide guidance for their respective most comparable GAAP measures as those GAAP measures will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including gains and losses on pension and OPEB remeasurement, and other items that are difficult to quantify. When we provide guidance for Company adjusted free cash flow, we do not provide guidance for its most comparable GAAP measure (net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities) as the GAAP measure will include items that are difficult to quantify or predict with reasonable certainty, including cash flows related to the Company’s exposures to foreign currency exchange rates and certain commodity prices (separate from any related hedges), Ford Credit's operating cash flows, and cash flows related to special items, including separation payments, each of which individually or in the aggregate could have a significant impact to our net cash provided by/(used in) our operating activities. 57 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) Non-GAAP Financial Measure Reconciliations The following tables show our Non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations. Net Income/(Loss) Reconciliation to Adjusted EBIT ($M) First Quarter 2025 2026 Net income/(loss) attributable to Ford (GAAP) $ 471 $ 2,548 Income/(Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 2 3 Net income/(loss) $ 473 $ 2,551 Less: (Provision for)/Benefit from income taxes (148) (361) Income/(Loss) before income taxes $ 621 $ 2,912 Less: Special items pre-tax (110) (226) Income/(Loss) before special items pre-tax $ 731 $ 3,138 Less: Interest on debt (288) (350) Adjusted EBIT (Non-GAAP) $ 1,019 $ 3,488 Memo: Revenue ($B) $ 40.7 $ 43.3 Net income/(loss) margin (GAAP) (%) 1.2 % 5.9 % Adjusted EBIT margin (Non-GAAP) (%) 2.5 % 8.1 % Earnings/(Loss) per Share Reconciliation to Adjusted Earnings/(Loss) per Share First Quarter 2025 2026 Diluted After-Tax Results ($M) Diluted after-tax results (GAAP) $ 471 $ 2,548 Less: Impact of pre-tax and tax special items (81) (150) Adjusted net income/(loss) – diluted (Non-GAAP) $ 552 $ 2,698 Basic and Diluted Shares (M) Basic shares (average shares outstanding) 3,968 3,991 Net dilutive options, unvested restricted stock units, and unvested restricted stock shares 43 80 Diluted shares 4,011 4,071 Earnings/(Loss) per share – diluted (GAAP) $ 0.12 $ 0.63 Less: Net impact of adjustments (0.02) (0.03) Adjusted earnings/(loss) per share – diluted (Non-GAAP) $ 0.14 $ 0.66 58 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition