=== SRE_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. If any of these risks occur, Sempra s and its businesses results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected, and the trading price of Sempra s securities and those of its businesses could decline. These risks include the following: Risks Related to Sempra Sempra s ability to pay dividends and meet its obligations largely depends on the performance of its subsidiaries and entities accounted for as equity method investments Successfully executing our five-year capital expenditures plan is subject to risks The economic interest, voting rights and market value of our outstanding common stock may be adversely affected by any additional equity securities we may issue Risks Related to All Sempra Businesses Our infrastructure and its supporting systems subject us to risks We face risks related to severe weather, natural disasters, physical attacks and other similar events We face evolving cybersecurity, technology resiliency and data security and governance risks, including with respect to increasing use of artificial intelligence Our debt service obligations expose us to risks The availability and cost of financing could be negatively affected by market and economic conditions and other factors Credit rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings or place them on negative outlook, and our efforts to maintain these ratings could require additional equity securities issuances by Sempra or sales of equity interests in subsidiaries or projects in development We face risks related to the evolving regulatory environment, including failures or delays in obtaining and maintaining franchises and other required approvals and potential negative impacts of our legislative and regulatory advocacy efforts We face risks related to environmental and climate change regulation and the costs of the energy transition We are subject to complex tax and accounting requirements that expose us to risks Risks Related to Sempra California Wildfires in California pose risks to Sempra, SDG E and SoCalGas The electricity industry is undergoing significant change Natural gas continues to be the subject of political and public debate, including a desire by some to reduce or eliminate reliance on natural gas as an energy source SDG E and SoCalGas are subject to extensive regulation Risks Related to Sempra Texas Utilities Ring-fencing measures, governance mechanisms and commitments limit our ability to influence the management, policies and operations of Oncor Changes in the regulation of Oncor or the regulation or operation of the electric utility industry and/or ERCOT market could negatively affect Oncor Oncor s capital expenditures plan may not be executed as planned or achieve its business objectives Oncor s capital expenditures plan will result in significant liquidity needs that may necessitate additional investments Risks Related to Sempra Infrastructure Project development activities may not be successful, projects under construction may not be completed on schedule or within budget, and completed projects may not operate at expected levels or generate expected earnings or cash flows We may not be able to secure, maintain, extend or replace long-term supply, sales or capacity agreements Our international businesses and operations expose us to increased legal, regulatory, tax, economic, geopolitical, credit and management oversight risks and challenges Risks Related to Planned Sales of Certain Assets and Businesses We may be unable to complete or realize the anticipated benefits from our planned sales of certain of our assets and businesses as part of our capital recycling program 2025 Form 10-K | 11 Tab le of Cont ents PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW We are a holding company whose principal businesses are regulated utilities in California and Texas. Our businesses invest in and operate electric and gas utilities and other energy infrastructure that provide energy services to customers. Sempra was formed in 1998 through a business combination of Enova Corporation and Pacific Enterprises, the holding companies of our regulated public utilities in California: SDG E, which began operations in 1881, and SoCalGas, which began operations in 1867. We have since expanded our regulated public utility presence into Texas through our 80.25% interest in Oncor and 50% interest in Sharyland Utilities. Sempra Infrastructure s assets include investments in the U.S. and Mexico with a focus on LNG, energy networks and low carbon solutions. Business Strategy Sempra s mission is to build America s leading utility growth business. We are primarily focused on the largest economies in the U.S., California and Texas, where we are investing in regulated utilities with a view toward producing stable cash flows and improved earnings visibility. Our goal is to deliver safe, reliable and affordable energy to customers while increasing shareholder value. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS BY SEGMENT Sempra s business activities are organized under the following reportable segments: Sempra California Sempra Texas Utilities Sempra Infrastructure SDG E and SoCalGas each have one reportable segment. 2025 Form 10-K | 12 Tab le of Cont ents Sempra California SDG E SDG E is a regulated public utility that provides electric services to a population of, at December 31, 2025, approximately 3.6 million and natural gas services to approximately 3.3 million of that population, covering an approximate 4,100 square mile service territory in Southern California that encompasses San Diego County and an adjacent portion of Orange County. SDG E s assets at December 31, 2025 covered the following territory: We describe SDG E s electric utility operations below. We describe SDG E s natural gas utility operations below in Sempra California s Natural Gas Utility Operations. For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties facing SDG E s business, see Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II Item 7. MD A Capital Resources and Liquidity Sempra California. Electric Transmission and Distribution System. Service to SDG E s customers is supported by its electric transmission and distribution system, which includes substations and overhead and underground lines. These electric facilities are primarily in the San Diego, Imperial and Orange counties of California and in Arizona and Nevada and consisted of 2,018 miles of transmission lines, 24,210 miles of distribution lines and 158 substations at December 31, 2025. Occasionally, various areas of the service territory require expansion to accommodate customer growth and maintain reliability and safety. SDG E s 500-kV Southwest Powerlink transmission line, which is shared with Arizona Public Service Company and Imperial Irrigation District, extends from Palo Verde, Arizona to San Diego, California. SDG E s share of the line is 1,163 MW, although it can be less under certain system conditions. SDG E s Sunrise Powerlink is a 500-kV transmission line constructed by SDG E that extends across Southern California. Both of these lines are operated by the California ISO and together provide SDG E with import capability of 3,900 MW of power. 2025 Form 10-K | 13 Tab le of Cont ents Mexico s Baja California transmission system is connected to SDG E s system via two 230-kV interconnections with combined capacity of up to 600 MW in the north-to-south direction and 800 MW in the south-to-north direction. However, it can be less under certain system conditions. SDG E s system is connected to Edison s transmission system via five 230-kV transmission lines. Electric Resources. SDG E supplies power from its own electric generation facilities and procures power on a long-term basis from other suppliers for resale through CPUC-approved PPAs or purchases on the spot market. SDG E does not earn any return on commodity sales volumes. SDG E s electric resources at December 31, 2025 were as follows: ELECTRIC RESOURCES (1) Contract expiration date Net operating capacity (MW) % of total SDG E: Owned generation facilities, natural gas (2) 1,217 26 % PPAs: Renewable energy: Wind 2026 to 2042 962 20 Solar 2030 to 2043 1,546 32 Other 2027 and thereafter 30 1 Tolling and other 2026 to 2042 1,023 21 Total 4,778 100 % (1) Excludes approximately 482 MW of energy storage owned and approximately 632 MW of energy storage contracted. (2) SDG E owns and operates four natural gas-fired power plants, three of which are in California and one is in Nevada. Charges under contracts with suppliers are based on the amount of energy received or are tolls based on available capacity. Tolling contracts are PPAs under which SDG E provides natural gas to the energy supplier. SDG E procures natural gas under short-term contracts for its owned generation facilities and for certain tolling contracts associated with PPAs. Purchases from various southwestern U.S. suppliers are primarily priced based on published monthly bid-week indices, which can be subject to volatility. SDG E participates in the Western Systems Power Pool, which includes an electric-power and transmission-rate agreement that allows access to power trading with more than 300 member utilities, power agencies, energy brokers and power marketers throughout the U.S. and Canada. Participants can make power transactions on standardized terms, including market-based rates, preapproved by the FERC. Participation in the Western Systems Power Pool is intended to assist members in managing power delivery and price risk. Customers and Demand. SDG E provides electric services through the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity to the following customer classes: ELECTRIC CUSTOMER METERS AND VOLUMES Customer meter count Volumes (1) (millions of kWh) December 31, Years ended December 31, 2025 2025 2024 2023 SDG E: Residential 284,726 1,252 1,348 2,004 Commercial 31,605 1,281 1,363 1,868 Industrial 324 296 441 670 Street and highway lighting 1,545 56 55 77 318,200 2,885 3,207 4,619 CCA and DA 1,229,624 13,903 13,484 12,228 Total 1,547,824 16,788 16,691 16,847 (1) Includes intercompany sales. 2025 Form 10-K | 14 Tab le of Cont ents SDG E currently provides procurement service for a portion of its customer load. Most customers receive electric commodity service from a load-serving entity other than SDG E through programs such as CCA and DA. In such cases, SDG E no longer procures energy for this departed load. Accordingly, SDG E s CCA and DA customers receive primarily transportation and distribution services from SDG E. CCA is only available if a customer s local jurisdiction (city or county) offers such a program, and DA is currently limited by a cap based on gigawatt hours. Several jurisdictions in SDG E s territory have implemented CCA, including the City of San Diego in 2022. Due to this departed load, SDG E s historical energy procurement commitments for future deliveries exceed the needs of its remaining bundled customers. To help achieve the goal of ratepayer indifference (as to whether customers energy is procured by SDG E or by CCA or DA), the CPUC revised the Power Charge Indifference Adjustment framework. The framework is intended to more equitably allocate SDG E s historical energy procurement cost obligations among customers served by SDG E and customers now served by CCA and DA. San Diego s mild climate contributes to lower consumption by our customers. Rooftop solar installations continue to reduce residential and commercial volumes sold by SDG E. At December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the residential and commercial rooftop solar capacity in SDG E s territory totaled 2,452 MW, 2,318 MW and 2,154 MW, respectively. Electricity demand is dependent on the health and expansion of the Southern California economy, prices of alternative energy products, consumer preferences, environmental regulations, legislation, renewable power generation, demand-side management impact and DER, among other factors. California s energy policy supports increased electrification, which could increase electric volumes sold in the coming years. Other external factors, such as the price of purchased power, the use and further development of renewable energy sources and energy storage, the development of or requirements for new natural gas supply sources, demand for and supply of natural gas and general economic conditions, can also result in significant shifts in the market price of electricity, which may in turn impact demand. Electricity demand is also impacted by seasonal weather patterns (or seasonality ), tending to increase in the summer months to meet the cooling load and in the winter months to meet the heating load. Competition. SDG E faces competition to serve its customer load from distributed and local power generation growth, including DER. In addition, the electric industry is undergoing rapid technological change, and third party energy storage alternatives and other technologies may increasingly compete with SDG E s traditional transmission and distribution infrastructure in delivering electricity to consumers. Certain FERC transmission development projects are open to competition, allowing independent developers to compete with incumbent utilities for the construction and operation of transmission facilities. 2025 Form 10-K | 15 Tab le of Cont ents SoCalGas SoCalGas is a regulated public utility that owns and operates a natural gas distribution, transmission and storage system that delivers natural gas to a population of, at December 31, 2025, approximately 21.3 million, covering an approximate 24,000 square mile service territory that encompasses Southern California and portions of central California (excluding San Diego County, the City of Long Beach and the desert area of San Bernardino County). SoCalGas assets at December 31, 2025 covered the following territory: We describe SoCalGas natural gas utility operations below in Sempra California s Natural Gas Utility Operations. For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties facing SoCalGas business, see Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II Item 7. MD A Capital Resources and Liquidity Sempra California. Sempra California s Natural Gas Utility Operations Natural Gas Procurement and Transportation. At December 31, 2025, SoCalGas natural gas facilities included 52,765 miles of distribution pipelines, 3,030 miles of transmission and storage pipelines, 48,900 miles of service pipelines and seven transmission compressor stations, and SDG E s natural gas facilities consisted of 9,206 miles of distribution pipelines, 177 miles of transmission pipelines, 6,795 miles of service pipelines and one compressor station. SoCalGas and SDG E s gas transmission pipelines interconnect with four major interstate pipeline systems: El Paso Natural Gas, Transwestern Pipeline, Kern River Pipeline Company, and Mojave Pipeline Company, allowing customers to bring gas supplies into the SoCalGas gas transmission pipeline system from the various out-of-state gas producing basins. Additionally, an interconnection with PG E s intrastate gas transmission pipeline system allows gas to flow into SoCalGas gas transmission pipeline system. SoCalGas gas transmission pipeline system also has an interconnection with a Mexican gas pipeline company at Otay Mesa on the California/Mexico border that allows gas to not only flow south from the gas producing basins in the southwestern U.S., but to also flow north into SoCalGas gas transmission pipeline system from supplies in Mexico. There are also several in-state gas interconnections allowing for delivery of California-produced gas, including a number of direct connections from biomethane producers. 2025 Form 10-K | 16 Tab le of Cont ents SoCalGas purchases natural gas under short-term and long-term contracts and on the spot market for SDG E s and SoCalGas core customers. SoCalGas purchases natural gas from various producing regions, including from Canada, the U.S. Rockies and the southwestern regions of the U.S. Purchases of natural gas are primarily priced based on published indices, which can be subject to volatility. The cost of purchases of natural gas for SDG E s and SoCalGas core customers is billed to those customers without markup. To support the delivery of natural gas supplies to its distribution system and to meet the needs of customers, SoCalGas has firm and variable interstate pipeline capacity contracts that require the payment of fixed and variable tariffed and negotiated reservation charges to reserve firm and interruptible transportation rights. Energy companies, primarily El Paso Natural Gas Company, Transwestern Pipeline Company and Kern River Gas Transmission Company, provide transportation services into SoCalGas intrastate transmission system for supplies purchased by SoCalGas. Natural Gas Storage. SoCalGas owns four natural gas storage facilities with a combined working gas capacity of 137 Bcf and 122 injection, withdrawal and observation wells that provide natural gas storage service. SoCalGas and SDG E s core customers, along with certain third-party market participants, are allocated a portion of SoCalGas storage capacity. SoCalGas uses the remaining storage capacity for load balancing services for all customers and for storage for noncore customers. Natural gas withdrawn from storage is important to help maintain service reliability during peak demand periods, including consumer heating needs in the winter, as well as peak electric generation needs in the summer. The Aliso Canyon natural gas storage facility has a storage capacity of 86 Bcf and, subject to a biennial administrative staff review by the CPUC and additional CPUC proceedings, represents 63% of SoCalGas working natural gas storage capacity. At December 31, 2025, SoCalGas has been authorized by the CPUC to utilize up to 68.6 Bcf of working gas at the facility. Customers and Demand. SoCalGas and SDG E sell, distribute and transport natural gas. SoCalGas purchases and stores natural gas for its core customers in its territory and SDG E s territory on a combined portfolio basis. SoCalGas also offers natural gas transportation and storage services for others. NATURAL GAS CUSTOMER METERS AND VOLUMES Customer meter count Volumes (Bcf) (1) December 31, Years ended December 31, 2025 2025 2024 2023 SDG E: Residential 888,245 Commercial 29,215 Electric generation and transportation 3,137 Natural gas sales 44 45 48 Transportation 34 38 39 Total 920,597 78 83 87 SoCalGas: Residential 5,938,904 Commercial 248,047 Industrial 23,554 Electric generation and wholesale 38 Natural gas sales 289 304 321 Transportation 471 522 549 Total 6,210,543 760 826 870 (1) Includes intercompany sales. For regulatory purposes, end-use customers are classified as either core or noncore customers. Core customers are primarily residential and small commercial and industrial customers. Most core customers purchase natural gas directly from SoCalGas or SDG E. While core customers are permitted to purchase their natural gas supplies from producers, marketers or brokers, SoCalGas and SDG E are obligated to maintain adequate delivery capacity to serve the requirements of all core customers in their service territories. SoCalGas noncore customers consist primarily of electric generation, wholesale, and large commercial and industrial customers. A portion of SoCalGas noncore customers are non-end-users, which include wholesale customers consisting primarily of other utilities, including SDG E, or municipally owned natural gas distribution systems. Noncore customers at SDG E consist primarily of electric generation and large commercial customers. 2025 Form 10-K | 17 Tab le of Cont ents Noncore customers are responsible for procuring their natural gas requirements, as the regulatory framework does not allow SoCalGas and SDG E to recover the cost of natural gas procured and delivered to noncore customers. Natural gas demand largely depends on the health and expansion of the Southern California economy, prices of alternative energy products, consumer preferences, environmental regulations, legislation, California s energy policy supporting increased electrification and renewable power generation, and the effectiveness of energy efficiency programs, among other factors. Other external factors such as weather, the price of, demand for, and supply sources of electricity, the use and further development of renewable energy sources and energy storage, development of or requirements for new natural gas supply sources, demand for natural gas outside California, storage levels, transport capacity and availability of supply into California and general economic conditions can also result in significant shifts in the market price of natural gas, which may in turn impact demand. One of the larger drivers of natural gas demand is electric generation. Natural gas-fired electric generation within Southern California (and demand for natural gas supplied to such plants) competes with electric power generated throughout the western U.S. Natural gas transported for electric generating plant customers may be affected by the overall demand for electricity, growth in self-generation from rooftop solar, the addition of more efficient gas technologies, new energy efficiency initiatives, and the degree to which regulatory changes in electric transmission infrastructure investment divert electric generation from SoCalGas and SDG E s service areas. The demand for natural gas may also fluctuate due to volatility in the demand for electricity due to seasonality, weather conditions and other impacts, and the availability of competing supplies of electricity, such as renewable energy sources, among other factors. Given the significant level and availability of natural gas-fired generation, we believe natural gas is a dispatchable fuel that can continue to help provide electric reliability in our California service territories. The natural gas distribution business is subject to seasonality. Demand for natural gas in our service territory typically rises during the winter months to accommodate heating needs and the summer months to support peak electric generation. As is prevalent in the industry, subject to regulatory limitations, SoCalGas typically injects natural gas into storage during the months of April through October and usually withdraws natural gas from storage during the months of November through March. 2025 Form 10-K | 18 Tab le of Cont ents Sempra Texas Utilities Sempra Texas Utilities is comprised of our equity method investments in Oncor Holdings and Sharyland Holdings. Oncor Holdings is a wholly owned entity of Sempra that owns an 80.25% interest in Oncor. TTI owns the remaining 19.75% interest in Oncor. Sempra owns a 50% interest in Sharyland Holdings, which owns a 100% interest in Sharyland Utilities. Sempra Texas Utilities assets at December 31, 2025 covered the following territory: For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to our equity investments in Oncor Holdings and Sharyland Holdings, see Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II Item 7. MD A Capital Resources and Liquidity Sempra Texas Utilities. 2025 Form 10-K | 19 Tab le of Cont ents Oncor Oncor is a regulated electricity transmission and distribution utility that operates in the north-central, eastern, western and panhandle regions of Texas. Oncor delivers electricity to end-use consumers through its electrical systems and also provides transmission grid connections to merchant generation facilities and interconnections to other transmission grids in Texas. Oncor s transmission and distribution assets are located in over 120 counties and more than 400 incorporated municipalities, including the cities of Dallas and Fort Worth and surrounding suburbs, as well as Waco, Wichita Falls, Odessa, Midland, Tyler, Temple, Killeen and Round Rock, among others. Most of Oncor s power lines have been constructed over lands of others pursuant to easements or along public highways, streets and rights-of-way pursuant to permits, public utility easements, franchise or other agreements or as otherwise permitted by law. At December 31, 2025, Oncor had approximately 5,600 employees, including 860 employees covered under a collective bargaining agreement and excluding interns. Certain ring-fencing measures, governance mechanisms and commitments, which we describe in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors, are in effect and are intended to enhance Oncor Holdings and Oncor s separateness from their owners and to mitigate the risk that these entities would be negatively impacted by the bankruptcy of, or other adverse financial developments affecting, their owners. Sempra does not control Oncor Holdings or Oncor, and the ring-fencing measures, governance mechanisms and commitments limit our ability to direct the management, policies and operations of Oncor Holdings and Oncor, including the deployment or disposition of their assets, declarations of dividends or other distributions, strategic planning and other important corporate matters and actions, including limited representation on the Oncor Holdings and Oncor boards of directors. Because Oncor Holdings and Oncor are managed independently (i.e., ring-fenced), we account for our 100% ownership interest in Oncor Holdings as an equity method investment. Electricity Transmission. Oncor s electricity transmission business is responsible for the safe and reliable operations of its transmission network and substations. These responsibilities consist of the construction, maintenance and security of transmission facilities and substations and the monitoring, controlling and dispatching of high-voltage electricity over its transmission facilities in coordination with ERCOT, which we discuss below in Regulation Utility Regulation ERCOT Market. At December 31, 2025, Oncor s transmission system included approximately 18,418 circuit miles of transmission lines, a total of 1,333 transmission and distribution substations, and interconnection to 230 third-party generation facilities totaling 63,670 MW. Transmission revenues are provided under tariffs approved by either the PUCT or, to a small degree related to limited interconnections to other markets, the FERC. Network transmission revenues compensate Oncor for delivery of electricity over transmission facilities operating at 60 kV and above and are collected from load serving entities benefiting from Oncor s transmission system. Other services offered by Oncor through its transmission business include system impact studies, facilities studies, transformation service and maintenance of transformer equipment, substations and transmission lines owned by other parties. Electricity Distribution. Oncor s electricity distribution business is responsible for the overall safe and reliable operation of distribution facilities, including electricity delivery, power quality, security and system reliability. These responsibilities consist of the ownership, management, construction, maintenance and operation of the electricity distribution system within its certificated service area. Oncor s distribution system receives electricity from the transmission system through substations and distributes electricity to end-users and wholesale customers through 3,874 distribution feeders at December 31, 2025. Oncor s distribution system included more than 4.1 million points of delivery at December 31, 2025 and consisted of 127,398 circuit miles of overhead and underground lines. Distribution revenues from residential and small business users are generally based on actual monthly consumption (kWh) and distribution revenues from large commercial and industrial users are based on, depending on size and annual load factor, either actual monthly demand (kW) or the greater of actual monthly demand (kW) or 80% of peak monthly demand during the prior eleven months. 2025 Form 10-K | 20 Tab le of Cont ents Customers and Demand. Oncor operates the largest transmission and distribution system in Texas based on the number of end-use customers and miles of transmission and distribution lines. Oncor delivers electricity to more than 4.1 million homes and businesses and operates more than 145,000 circuit miles of transmission and distribution lines as of December 31, 2025 in a territory with an estimated population of approximately 14 million. The majority of consumers of the electricity Oncor delivers are free to choose their electricity supplier from retail electric providers who compete for their business. Oncor is not a seller of electricity, nor does it purchase electricity for resale. Oncor provides wholesale transmission services to its electricity distribution business as well as non-affiliated electricity distribution companies, electric cooperatives and municipally owned utilities. Oncor also provides distribution services, consisting of retail delivery services to retail electric providers that sell electricity to end-use customers, as well as wholesale delivery services to electric cooperatives and municipally owned utilities. At December 31, 2025, Oncor s distribution business customers primarily consisted of over 100 retail electric providers that sell the electricity it distributes to consumers in its certificated service areas. Oncor s revenues and results of operations are subject to seasonality, weather conditions and other electricity usage drivers, with revenues being highest in the summer. Competition. Oncor operates in certificated areas designated by the PUCT. The majority of Oncor s service territory is singularly certificated, with Oncor as the only certificated electric transmission and distribution provider. However, in multi-certificated areas of Texas, Oncor competes with certain municipal utilities and rural electric cooperatives for the right to serve end-use customers. In addition, the electric industry is undergoing rapid te