=== WAT_2026-02-23.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors The effects of climate change could harm the Company s business for more information on the potential significance of climate change legislation. See also Note 17 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for financial information about geographic areas. Available Information The Company files or furnishes all required reports with the SEC. The Company is an electronic filer and the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC electronic filing website is http://www.sec.gov. The Company also makes available, free of charge on its website, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The website address for Waters Corporation is http://www.waters.com and SEC filings can be found under the 13 Table of Contents caption Investors. The Company is providing its website address solely for the information of investors. The Company does not intend the address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate the contents of the website, including any reports that are noted in this annual report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ) as being posted on the website, into this Annual Report. Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to our investors using our investor relations website (ir.waters.com), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels, as well as social media, to communicate with our investors and the public about our Company, our business and other issues. It is possible that the information that we post on these channels could be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage investors to visit these websites from time to time. Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report, including the information incorporated by reference herein, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Statements that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of the words feels , believes , anticipates , plans , expects , may , will , would , intends , suggests , appears , estimates , projects , should and similar expressions, whether in the negative or affirmative. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the control of the Company, including, and without limitation: certain risks related to the BDS Business Acquisition, including, without limitation: failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the BDS Business Acquisition, including as a result of delay in integrating the businesses of the Company and SpinCo, on the expected timeframe or at all; the ability of the combined company to implement its business strategy and achieve revenue and cost synergies; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations potentially affecting translation of the Company s future non-U.S. operating results, particularly when a foreign currency weakens against the U.S. dollar; current global economic, sovereign and political conditions and uncertainties; the effect of new or proposed tariff or trade regulations, as well as other new or changed domestic and foreign laws, regulations and policies (or new interpretations thereof); inflation and interest rates; the impacts and costs of war, in particular as a result of the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East; and the possibility of further escalation resulting in new geopolitical and regulatory instability; economic conditions in China, trade tensions and tariffs between the U.S. and China and their impact on our business, increased competition from local and international competitors in China, the Chinese government s ongoing tightening of restrictions on procurement by government-funded customers and other regulatory and other challenges and uncertainties in the Chinese market; the Company s ability to access capital, maintain liquidity and service the Company s debt in volatile market conditions; changes in timing and demand for the Company s products among the Company s customers and various market sectors, particularly as a result of fluctuations in their expenditures or ability to obtain funding; the ability to realize the expected benefits related to the Company s various cost-saving initiatives, including workforce reductions and organizational restructurings; the introduction of competing products by other companies and loss of market share, as well as pressures on prices from competitors and/or customers; changes in the competitive landscape as a result of changes in ownership, mergers and continued consolidation among the Company s competitors; 14 Table of Contents regulatory, economic and competitive obstacles to new product introductions, lack of acceptance of new products and inability to grow organically through innovation; rapidly changing technology and product obsolescence; the risks related to the development, deployment and use of artificial intelligence ( AI ); a failure to timely and effectively use AI and embed it into new product offerings and services that negatively impacts our competitiveness; risks associated with previous or future acquisitions, strategic investments, joint ventures and divestitures, including risks associated with achieving the anticipated financial results and operational synergies, contingent purchase price payments and expansion of our business into new or developing markets; risks associated with unexpected disruptions in operations, including risks associated with our transition to a new ERP system; risks related to any public health crisis or pandemic, climate change, severe weather and geological conditions or events or other events beyond our control; failure to adequately protect the Company s intellectual property, infringement of intellectual property rights of third parties and inability to obtain licenses on commercially reasonable terms; the Company s ability to acquire adequate sources of supply and its reliance on outside contractors for certain components and modules, as well as disruptions to its supply chain; risks associated with third-party sales intermediaries and resellers; the impact and costs of changes in statutory or contractual tax rates in jurisdictions in which the Company operates as well as shifts in taxable income among jurisdictions with different effective tax rates, the outcome of ongoing and future tax examinations and changes in legislation affecting the Company s effective tax rate; the Company s ability to attract and retain qualified employees and management personnel; risks associated with cybersecurity and our information technology infrastructure, including attempts by third parties, both private and state-sponsored, to defeat the information security measures of the Company or its third-party partners and gain unauthorized access to sensitive and proprietary Company products, services, systems, or data; risks associated with compliance with data privacy and information security laws and regulations regarding the collection, transmission, storage and use of personally identifying information; increased regulatory burdens as the Company s business evolves, especially with respect to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, among others, and in connection with government contracts; regulatory, environmental and logistical obstacles affecting the distribution of the Company s products, completion of purchase order documentation and the ability of customers to obtain letters of credit or other financing alternatives; risks associated with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings; and the impact and costs incurred from changes in accounting principles and practices. Certain of these and other factors are further described below in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Annual Report. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements, whether because of these factors or for other reasons. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report, and forward-looking statements in documents that are incorporated by reference hereto speak only as of the date of those documents. Such forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this report. Except as required by law, the Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 15 Table of Contents Item 1A: Risk Factors Risk Factor Summary Risks Related to the BDS Business Acquisition The Company s failure to successfully integrate the BDS Business within the expected timeline could adversely affect the Company s future results. The Company may incur additional costs and charges as a result of restructuring activities and such restructuring activities may be disruptive to the Company s business and may not result in anticipated cost savings. The amount of indebtedness that the Company assumed as a result of the BDS Business Acquisition is substantial and could adversely affect the Company s operational flexibility and increase its borrowing costs. The Company and SpinCo are required to abide by potentially significant restrictions that could limit the Company s ability to undertake certain corporate actions that otherwise could be advantageous. The Company may be unable to provide the same types and level of services to the BDS Business that historically have been provided by BD or may be unable to provide them at the same cost. Risks Related to the Macroeconomic Conditions The Company s international operations may be negatively affected by political events, wars or terrorism, economic conditions, foreign currency fluctuation and regulatory changes which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. Global economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the demand for, and supply of, the Company s products and harm the Company s financial results. Disruption in worldwide financial markets could adversely impact the Company s access to capital and financial condition. Risks Related to our Business The Company s financial results will be subject to changes in customer demand, which may decrease for a number of reasons, many beyond the Company s control. Competitors may introduce more effective or less expensive products than the Company s, which could result in decreased sales. The competitive landscape may transform as a result of potential changes in ownership, mergers and continued consolidations among the Company s competitors, which could harm the Company s business. Strategies for organic growth require developing new technologies and bringing these new technologies to market, which could negatively impact the Company s financial results. Reductions in customers research budgets or government funding may adversely affect the Company s business. Market dynamics, changes in reimbursement practices and coverage policies and third-party payer cost containment measures could affect the demand for the Company s products and the prices at which they are sold. Changes in government priorities as it relates to healthcare could affect the revenue earned by the Company and the costs for obtaining such revenue. The Company s growth can suffer if the markets into which it sells products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. 16 Table of Contents Defects or quality issues associated with the Company s products could adversely affect results of operations. Issues and uncertainties related to the development, deployment and use of AI in the Company s business operations and products may result in harm to the Company s reputation, regulatory action or legal liability. The Company may face risks associated with previous or future acquisitions, strategic investments, joint ventures and divestitures. Disruption of operations, including at the Company s manufacturing facilities, or disruption or failure of the Company s key technology systems could have a material impact on the combined company s business, results of operations and financial condition. Failure to adequately protect intellectual property could have materially adverse effects on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. The Company s business would suffer if the Company were unable to acquire adequate sources of supply. The Company s sales would deteriorate if the Company s outside contractors failed to provide necessary components or modules or develop certain intellectual property. The Company s business could be harmed by actions of third-party sales intermediaries and other third parties that sell our products. The Company is subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm its business by leading to a reduction in revenues associated with these customers. The Company s financial results may be subject to changing application of tax law and tax audit examinations. The Company may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets. Risks Related to Human Capital Management The Company s success is highly dependent on qualified and sufficient staffing. Our failure to attract or retain qualified personnel, including our senior management team and technical personnel, could lead to a loss of revenue or profitability. The Company may be subject to labor disruptions. Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Disruption, cyber-attack or unforeseen problems with the security, maintenance or upgrade of the Company s information and web-based systems could have an adverse effect on the Company s business strategy, results of operations and financial condition. If the Company s security measures are compromised or fail to adequately protect its technology infrastructure, research and development efforts or manufacturing operations, the Company s products and services may be perceived as vulnerable or unreliable, the information protected by the Company s controls and processes may be subject to unauthorized access, acquisition or modification, the Company s brand and reputation could be damaged, the services that the Company provides to its customers could be disrupted, and customers may stop using the Company s products and services, all of which could reduce the Company s revenue and earnings, increase its expenses and expose it to legal claims and regulatory actions. 17 Table of Contents Risks Related to Compliance, Regulatory or Legal Matters Changes in governmental regulations and compliance failures could harm the Company s business. The Company may be harmed by improper conduct of any of our employees, agents or business partners. Sustainability issues, including those related to climate change, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation. The Company is subject to or otherwise responsible for a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of business that can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws include exclusive forum provisions, which could limit shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the Company or its respective directors, officers or employees. The Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws contain certain provisions that will limit the ability of shareholders of the Company to take certain actions, and that could delay or discourage takeover attempts that shareholders may consider favorable. The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the following: RISKS RELATED TO THE BDS BUSINESS ACQUISITION The Company s failure to successfully integrate the BDS Business within the expected timeline could adversely affect the Company s future results. On July 13, 2025, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 13, 2025 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, BD, SpinCo and Beta Merger Sub, Inc. and a Separation Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2025 (as amended, the Separation Agreement ), by and among the Company, BD and SpinCo in order to give effect to the BDS Business Acquisition. The transaction was structured as a Reverse Morris Trust transaction, where the BDS Business was spun off to BD shareholders and simultaneously merged with a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The BDS Business Acquisition involved numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax and other risks, including potential liabilities associated with the integrated businesses. The success of the Company will depend, in significant part, on its ability to successfully integrate the BDS Business with the Company s existing business and its ability to grow revenues and realize the anticipated strategic benefits and synergies from the BDS Business Acquisition. Difficulties in integrating the practices and operations of these two businesses may result in the Company performing differently than expected, operational challenges or the delay or failure to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, and could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include, among others: risks associated with the failure to implement the business plan for the Company; lost sales and customers as a result of customers of the Company or customers of the BDS Business deciding not to do business with the Company; the Company s inability to negotiate terms as favorable as those BD has received previously when replacing contracts associated with the BDS Business; complexities, including demands on management, associated with managing a larger, more complex, integrated business, including aligning and executing the strategy of the Company; integrating the Company s personnel and the personnel of the BDS Business while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high-quality products and service to customers; 18 Table of Contents attrition of personnel of the BDS Business due to lack of confidence in the Company and failure to hire replacements with adequate technical expertise; the loss of key employees; unanticipated issues in integrating manufacturing, logistics, information, communications and other systems; unexpected or unknown claims being asserted regarding events that occurred prior to the closing of the BDS Business Acquisition; possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, policies and compensation structures; the impact on the Company s internal controls and compliance with the regulatory requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; regulatory authorities imposing requirements, limitations or costs on, or requiring divestitures or placing restrictions on the conduct of, the business of the Company after the completion of the BDS Business Acquisition; performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management and employee attention caused by integrating the operations of the BDS Business with the Company s operations; the risk that the term of the Transition Services Agreements is insufficient for the Company to develop its infrastructure and other business functions; the potential inability to sustain the services at the same levels or obtain the same benefits available under the Transition Services Agreements; the increased indebtedness of the Company as a result of the BDS Business Acquisition, the repayment of which could impact the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows; and potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the BDS Business Acquisition or the BDS Business. Additionally, the success of the Company will depend, in part, on the Company s ability to realize the anticipated benefits and synergies from combining the business of the Company and the BDS Business. Although the Company expects to generate cost synergies of approximately $200 million within three years of the completion of the BDS Business Acquisition as a result of manufacturing and supply chain optimization, commercial infrastructure, service and technology streamlining and indirect procurement savings and efficiencies, and revenue synergies of approximately $290 million within five years of the completion of the BDS Business Acquisition as a result of the similarities between the business models of the Company and the BDS Business, certain high-growth adjacencies and cross-selling opportunities, the Company s ability to realize such anticipated synergies may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: the use of more cash or other financial resources on integration and implementation activities than anticipated; unanticipated increases in expenses unrelated to the BDS Business Acquisition, which may offset the expected synergies from the BDS Business Acquisition; slower customer adoption leading to lower actual sales than expected across our high-growth adjacencies and cross- selling opportunities. The anticipated benefits and synergies of the BDS Business Acquisition may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected or could have other adverse effects that the Company does not currently foresee. In addition, the anticipated benefits and synergies of the BDS Business Acquisition as well as the related integration costs are based on a number of estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and subject to risks that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in such anticipated benefits and synergies. If the Company fails to realize the anticipated synergies or other benefits, or the estimated integration costs of the BDS Business Acquisition are exceeded, the business rationale of the BDS Business Acquisition might not be realized and the value of the shares of the Company s stock could decrease. 19 Table of Contents In connection with the BDS Business Acquisition, the Company may incur additional costs and charges as a result of restructuring activities related to its manufacturing operations and supply chain as well as in order to streamline ancillary business functions that are intended to reduce ongoing costs, and those restructuring activities also may be disruptive to the Company s business and may not result in anticipated cost savings. Following the BDS Business Acquisition, the Company has undertaken and expects to undertake various measures with regard to its manufacturing and supply chain, including, without limitation, site rationalization, direct procurement savings and freight lane optimization. The Company has also begun to streamline commercial infrastructure, service and technology functions, inside sales, and sales operations and eliminate duplicative digital infrastructure and central service oversight. Additionally, the Company expects to leverage indirect procurement saving and efficiencies gains by utilizing capacity centers in non-U.S. jurisdictions. The Company has incurred and expects to incur additional costs and restructuring charges in connection with the measures described above as well as other cost reduction measures that could adversely affect the Company s future earnings and cash flows. Furthermore, such actions may be disruptive to the Company s business. Any prolonged disruption to the operations of the Company could adversely impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the Company may not realize the cost savings that it expects to realize as a result of such actions. These activities require substantial management time and attention and may divert management from other important work or result in a failure to meet operational targets. Moreover, the Company could encounter changes to, or delays in executing, any restructuring plans, any of which could cause disruption and additional unanticipated expense. The amount of indebtedness that the Company assumed as a result of the BDS Business Acquisition is substantial. This increased level of indebtedness could adversely affect the Company s operational flexibility and increase its borrowing costs. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had approximately $1.4 billion in total debt outstanding, approximately $588 million in cash and cash equivalents, and approximately $1.6 billion in available borrowing capacity under its existing revolving credit facility, after taking into account outstanding letters of credit. Upon consummation of the BDS Business Acquisition, the Company assumed $4.0 billion of indebtedness incurred by SpinCo in connection with the payment of the SpinCo Cash Distribution which consists of a $3.5 billion tranche maturing and payable in full on February 6, 2027 and a $500 million tranche maturing and payable in full on February 6, 2028. The Company plans to refinance the $3.5 billion tranche in the first quarter of 2026 with long-term bond financing and repay the $500 million tranche prior to maturity. The Company s ability to make required payments of principal and interest on its indebtedness levels will depend on its future performance, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive and other factors that are beyond the Company s control. The Company cannot provide any assurances that its business will generate cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available under its credit facilities in an amount sufficient to enable the Company to service its indebtedness or to fund its other liquidity needs. In addition, the Company s credit facilities contain financial and restrictive covenants that could limit the Company s ability to, among other things, make dividend or other payments, secure other indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of the Company s assets. The Company is also required to meet specified financial ratios under the terms of the Company s credit agreements. The Company s ability to comply with these financial and restrictive covenants is dependent on the Company s future performance. The Company s failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of the Company s indebtedness or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and debt service capability. In addition, the Company s substantial indebtedness may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the Company s flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, lowering its credit ratings, 20 Table of Contents increasing its borrowing costs and/or requiring the Company to reduce or delay investments, strategic acquisitions and capital expenditures or seek additional capital to refinance its indebtedness and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The Company and SpinCo are required to abide by potentially significant restrictions that could limit the Company s ability to undertake certain corporate actions that otherwise could be advantageous. In connection with the BDS Business Acquisition, the Company entered into the Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2026 (the Tax Matters Agreement ), by and among the Company, BD and SpinCo, which imposes certain restrictions on the Company and SpinCo during the two-year period following the SpinCo Cash Distribution, subject to certain exceptions, with respect to actions that could cause the Spin-Off and the SpinCo Cash Distribution to fail to qualify for their intended tax treatment. As a result of these restrictions, the Company s ability to engage in certain transactions, such as the issuance or purchase of stock or certain business combinations, may be limited, which could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, or financial condition. If the Company or SpinCo take or omit to take any actions enumerated in the Tax Matters Agreement, or if certain events relating to SpinCo occur that would cause the Spin-Off or the SpinCo Cash Distribution to become taxable, the party whose actions or omissions (or event relating to) caused the Spin-Off or the SpinCo Cash Distribution to become taxable generally will be required to bear the cost of any resulting tax liability of BD (but not BD s shareholders). Such taxes would be expected to be material, and could cause the Company s business, financial condition and operating results to suffer. The Company may be unable to provide (or obtain from third parties) the same types and level of services to the BDS Business that historically have been provided by BD or may be unable to provide (or obtain) them at the same cost. As part of a separate reporting segment of BD, the BDS Business has been able to receive services from BD. Following the BDS Business 