=== WAT_2026-02-23.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors The effects of climate change could harm the Company s business for more information on the potential significance of climate change legislation. See also Note 17 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for financial information about geographic areas. Available Information The Company files or furnishes all required reports with the SEC. The Company is an electronic filer and the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC electronic filing website is http://www.sec.gov. The Company also makes available, free of charge on its website, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The website address for Waters Corporation is http://www.waters.com and SEC filings can be found under the 13 Table of Contents caption Investors. The Company is providing its website address solely for the information of investors. The Company does not intend the address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate the contents of the website, including any reports that are noted in this annual report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ) as being posted on the website, into this Annual Report. Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to our investors using our investor relations website (ir.waters.com), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels, as well as social media, to communicate with our investors and the public about our Company, our business and other issues. It is possible that the information that we post on these channels could be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage investors to visit these websites from time to time. Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report, including the information incorporated by reference herein, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Statements that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of the words feels , believes , anticipates , plans , expects , may , will , would , intends , suggests , appears , estimates , projects , should and similar expressions, whether in the negative or affirmative. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the control of the Company, including, and without limitation: certain risks related to the BDS Business Acquisition, including, without limitation: failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the BDS Business Acquisition, including as a result of delay in integrating the businesses of the Company and SpinCo, on the expected timeframe or at all; the ability of the combined company to implement its business strategy and achieve revenue and cost synergies; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations potentially affecting translation of the Company s future non-U.S. operating results, particularly when a foreign currency weakens against the U.S. dollar; current global economic, sovereign and political conditions and uncertainties; the effect of new or proposed tariff or trade regulations, as well as other new or changed domestic and foreign laws, regulations and policies (or new interpretations thereof); inflation and interest rates; the impacts and costs of war, in particular as a result of the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East; and the possibility of further escalation resulting in new geopolitical and regulatory instability; economic conditions in China, trade tensions and tariffs between the U.S. and China and their impact on our business, increased competition from local and international competitors in China, the Chinese government s ongoing tightening of restrictions on procurement by government-funded customers and other regulatory and other challenges and uncertainties in the Chinese market; the Company s ability to access capital, maintain liquidity and service the Company s debt in volatile market conditions; changes in timing and demand for the Company s products among the Company s customers and various market sectors, particularly as a result of fluctuations in their expenditures or ability to obtain funding; the ability to realize the expected benefits related to the Company s various cost-saving initiatives, including workforce reductions and organizational restructurings; the introduction of competing products by other companies and loss of market share, as well as pressures on prices from competitors and/or customers; changes in the competitive landscape as a result of changes in ownership, mergers and continued consolidation among the Company s competitors; 14 Table of Contents regulatory, economic and competitive obstacles to new product introductions, lack of acceptance of new products and inability to grow organically through innovation; rapidly changing technology and product obsolescence; the risks related to the development, deployment and use of artificial intelligence ( AI ); a failure to timely and effectively use AI and embed it into new product offerings and services that negatively impacts our competitiveness; risks associated with previous or future acquisitions, strategic investments, joint ventures and divestitures, including risks associated with achieving the anticipated financial results and operational synergies, contingent purchase price payments and expansion of our business into new or developing markets; risks associated with unexpected disruptions in operations, including risks associated with our transition to a new ERP system; risks related to any public health crisis or pandemic, climate change, severe weather and geological conditions or events or other events beyond our control; failure to adequately protect the Company s intellectual property, infringement of intellectual property rights of third parties and inability to obtain licenses on commercially reasonable terms; the Company s ability to acquire adequate sources of supply and its reliance on outside contractors for certain components and modules, as well as disruptions to its supply chain; risks associated with third-party sales intermediaries and resellers; the impact and costs of changes in statutory or contractual tax rates in jurisdictions in which the Company operates as well as shifts in taxable income among jurisdictions with different effective tax rates, the outcome of ongoing and future tax examinations and changes in legislation affecting the Company s effective tax rate; the Company s ability to attract and retain qualified employees and management personnel; risks associated with cybersecurity and our information technology infrastructure, including attempts by third parties, both private and state-sponsored, to defeat the information security measures of the Company or its third-party partners and gain unauthorized access to sensitive and proprietary Company products, services, systems, or data; risks associated with compliance with data privacy and information security laws and regulations regarding the collection, transmission, storage and use of personally identifying information; increased regulatory burdens as the Company s business evolves, especially with respect to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, among others, and in connection with government contracts; regulatory, environmental and logistical obstacles affecting the distribution of the Company s products, completion of purchase order documentation and the ability of customers to obtain letters of credit or other financing alternatives; risks associated with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings; and the impact and costs incurred from changes in accounting principles and practices. Certain of these and other factors are further described below in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Annual Report. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements, whether because of these factors or for other reasons. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report, and forward-looking statements in documents that are incorporated by reference hereto speak only as of the date of those documents. Such forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this report. Except as required by law, the Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 15 Table of Contents Item 1A: Risk Factors Risk Factor Summary Risks Related to the BDS Business Acquisition The Company s failure to successfully integrate the BDS Business within the expected timeline could adversely affect the Company s future results. The Company may incur additional costs and charges as a result of restructuring activities and such restructuring activities may be disruptive to the Company s business and may not result in anticipated cost savings. The amount of indebtedness that the Company assumed as a result of the BDS Business Acquisition is substantial and could adversely affect the Company s operational flexibility and increase its borrowing costs. The Company and SpinCo are required to abide by potentially significant restrictions that could limit the Company s ability to undertake certain corporate actions that otherwise could be advantageous. The Company may be unable to provide the same types and level of services to the BDS Business that historically have been provided by BD or may be unable to provide them at the same cost. Risks Related to the Macroeconomic Conditions The Company s international operations may be negatively affected by political events, wars or terrorism, economic conditions, foreign currency fluctuation and regulatory changes which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. Global economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the demand for, and supply of, the Company s products and harm the Company s financial results. Disruption in worldwide financial markets could adversely impact the Company s access to capital and financial condition. Risks Related to our Business The Company s financial results will be subject to changes in customer demand, which may decrease for a number of reasons, many beyond the Company s control. Competitors may introduce more effective or less expensive products than the Company s, which could result in decreased sales. The competitive landscape may transform as a result of potential changes in ownership, mergers and continued consolidations among the Company s competitors, which could harm the Company s business. Strategies for organic growth require developing new technologies and bringing these new technologies to market, which could negatively impact the Company s financial results. Reductions in customers research budgets or government funding may adversely affect the Company s business. Market dynamics, changes in reimbursement practices and coverage policies and third-party payer cost containment measures could affect the demand for the Company s products and the prices at which they are sold. Changes in government priorities as it relates to healthcare could affect the revenue earned by the Company and the costs for obtaining such revenue. The Company s growth can suffer if the markets into which it sells products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. 16 Table of Contents Defects or quality issues associated with the Company s products could adversely affect results of operations. Issues and uncertainties related to the development, deployment and use of AI in the Company s business operations and products may result in harm to the Company s reputation, regulatory action or legal liability. The Company may face risks associated with previous or future acquisitions, strategic investments, joint ventures and divestitures. Disruption of operations, including at the Company s manufacturing facilities, or disruption or failure of the Company s key technology systems could have a material impact on the combined company s business, results of operations and financial condition. Failure to adequately protect intellectual property could have materially adverse effects on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. The Company s business would suffer if the Company were unable to acquire adequate sources of supply. The Company s sales would deteriorate if the Company s outside contractors failed to provide necessary components or modules or develop certain intellectual property. The Company s business could be harmed by actions of third-party sales intermediaries and other third parties that sell our products. The Company is subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm its business by leading to a reduction in revenues associated with these customers. The Company s financial results may be subject to changing application of tax law and tax audit examinations. The Company may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets. Risks Related to Human Capital Management The Company s success is highly dependent on qualified and sufficient staffing. Our failure to attract or retain qualified personnel, including our senior management team and technical personnel, could lead to a loss of revenue or profitability. The Company may be subject to labor disruptions. Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Disruption, cyber-attack or unforeseen problems with the security, maintenance or upgrade of the Company s information and web-based systems could have an adverse effect on the Company s business strategy, results of operations and financial condition. If the Company s security measures are compromised or fail to adequately protect its technology infrastructure, research and development efforts or manufacturing operations, the Company s products and services may be perceived as vulnerable or unreliable, the information protected by the Company s controls and processes may be subject to unauthorized access, acquisition or modification, the Company s brand and reputation could be damaged, the services that the Company provides to its customers could be disrupted, and customers may stop using the Company s products and services, all of which could reduce the Company s revenue and earnings, increase its expenses and expose it to legal claims and regulatory actions. 17 Table of Contents Risks Related to Compliance, Regulatory or Legal Matters Changes in governmental regulations and compliance failures could harm the Company s business. The Company may be harmed by improper conduct of any of our employees, agents or business partners. Sustainability issues, including those related to climate change, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation. The Company is subject to or otherwise responsible for a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of business that can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws include exclusive forum provisions, which could limit shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the Company or its respective directors, officers or employees. The Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws contain certain provisions that will limit the ability of shareholders of the Company to take certain actions, and that could delay or discourage takeover attempts that shareholders may consider favorable. The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the following: RISKS RELATED TO THE BDS BUSINESS ACQUISITION The Company s failure to successfully integrate the BDS Business within the expected timeline could adversely affect the Company s future results. On July 13, 2025, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 13, 2025 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, BD, SpinCo and Beta Merger Sub, Inc. and a Separation Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2025 (as amended, the Separation Agreement ), by and among the Company, BD and SpinCo in order to give effect to the BDS Business Acquisition. The transaction was structured as a Reverse Morris Trust transaction, where the BDS Business was spun off to BD shareholders and simultaneously merged with a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The BDS Business Acquisition involved numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax and other risks, including potential liabilities associated with the integrated businesses. The success of the Company will depend, in significant part, on its ability to successfully integrate the BDS Business with the Company s existing business and its ability to grow revenues and realize the anticipated strategic benefits and synergies from the BDS Business Acquisition. Difficulties in integrating the practices and operations of these two businesses may result in the Company performing differently than expected, operational challenges or the delay or failure to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, and could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include, among others: risks associated with the failure to implement the business plan for the Company; lost sales and customers as a result of customers of the Company or customers of the BDS Business deciding not to do business with the Company; the Company s inability to negotiate terms as favorable as those BD has received previously when replacing contracts associated with the BDS Business; complexities, including demands on management, associated with managing a larger, more complex, integrated business, including aligning and executing the strategy of the Company; integrating the Company s personnel and the personnel of the BDS Business while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high-quality products and service to customers; 18 Table of Contents attrition of personnel of the BDS Business due to lack of confidence in the Company and failure to hire replacements with adequate technical expertise; the loss of key employees; unanticipated issues in integrating manufacturing, logistics, information, communications and other systems; unexpected or unknown claims being asserted regarding events that occurred prior to the closing of the BDS Business Acquisition; possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, policies and compensation structures; the impact on the Company s internal controls and compliance with the regulatory requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; regulatory authorities imposing requirements, limitations or costs on, or requiring divestitures or placing restrictions on the conduct of, the business of the Company after the completion of the BDS Business Acquisition; performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management and employee attention caused by integrating the operations of the BDS Business with the Company s operations; the risk that the term of the Transition Services Agreements is insufficient for the Company to develop its infrastructure and other business functions; the potential inability to sustain the services at the same levels or obtain the same benefits available under the Transition Services Agreements; the increased indebtedness of the Company as a result of the BDS Business Acquisition, the repayment of which could impact the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows; and potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the BDS Business Acquisition or the BDS Business. Additionally, the success of the Company will depend, in part, on the Company s ability to realize the anticipated benefits and synergies from combining the business of the Company and the BDS Business. Although the Company expects to generate cost synergies of approximately $200 million within three years of the completion of the BDS Business Acquisition as a result of manufacturing and supply chain optimization, commercial infrastructure, service and technology streamlining and indirect procurement savings and efficiencies, and revenue synergies of approximately $290 million within five years of the completion of the BDS Business Acquisition as a result of the similarities between the business models of the Company and the BDS Business, certain high-growth adjacencies and cross-selling opportunities, the Company s ability to realize such anticipated synergies may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: the use of more cash or other financial resources on integration and implementation activities than anticipated; unanticipated increases in expenses unrelated to the BDS Business Acquisition, which may offset the expected synergies from the BDS Business Acquisition; slower customer adoption leading to lower actual sales than expected across our high-growth adjacencies and cross- selling opportunities. The anticipated benefits and synergies of the BDS Business Acquisition may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected or could have other adverse effects that the Company does not currently foresee. In addition, the anticipated benefits and synergies of the BDS Business Acquisition as well as the related integration costs are based on a number of estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and subject to risks that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in such anticipated benefits and synergies. If the Company fails to realize the anticipated synergies or other benefits, or the estimated integration costs of the BDS Business Acquisition are exceeded, the business rationale of the BDS Business Acquisition might not be realized and the value of the shares of the Company s stock could decrease. 19 Table of Contents In connection with the BDS Business Acquisition, the Company may incur additional costs and charges as a result of restructuring activities related to its manufacturing operations and supply chain as well as in order to streamline ancillary business functions that are intended to reduce ongoing costs, and those restructuring activities also may be disruptive to the Company s business and may not result in anticipated cost savings. Following the BDS Business Acquisition, the Company has undertaken and expects to undertake various measures with regard to its manufacturing and supply chain, including, without limitation, site rationalization, direct procurement savings and freight lane optimization. The Company has also begun to streamline commercial infrastructure, service and technology functions, inside sales, and sales operations and eliminate duplicative digital infrastructure and central service oversight. Additionally, the Company expects to leverage indirect procurement saving and efficiencies gains by utilizing capacity centers in non-U.S. jurisdictions. The Company has incurred and expects to incur additional costs and restructuring charges in connection with the measures described above as well as other cost reduction measures that could adversely affect the Company s future earnings and cash flows. Furthermore, such actions may be disruptive to the Company s business. Any prolonged disruption to the operations of the Company could adversely impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the Company may not realize the cost savings that it expects to realize as a result of such actions. These activities require substantial management time and attention and may divert management from other important work or result in a failure to meet operational targets. Moreover, the Company could encounter changes to, or delays in executing, any restructuring plans, any of which could cause disruption and additional unanticipated expense. The amount of indebtedness that the Company assumed as a result of the BDS Business Acquisition is substantial. This increased level of indebtedness could adversely affect the Company s operational flexibility and increase its borrowing costs. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had approximately $1.4 billion in total debt outstanding, approximately $588 million in cash and cash equivalents, and approximately $1.6 billion in available borrowing capacity under its existing revolving credit facility, after taking into account outstanding letters of credit. Upon consummation of the BDS Business Acquisition, the Company assumed $4.0 billion of indebtedness incurred by SpinCo in connection with the payment of the SpinCo Cash Distribution which consists of a $3.5 billion tranche maturing and payable in full on February 6, 2027 and a $500 million tranche maturing and payable in full on February 6, 2028. The Company plans to refinance the $3.5 billion tranche in the first quarter of 2026 with long-term bond financing and repay the $500 million tranche prior to maturity. The Company s ability to make required payments of principal and interest on its indebtedness levels will depend on its future performance, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive and other factors that are beyond the Company s control. The Company cannot provide any assurances that its business will generate cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available under its credit facilities in an amount sufficient to enable the Company to service its indebtedness or to fund its other liquidity needs. In addition, the Company s credit facilities contain financial and restrictive covenants that could limit the Company s ability to, among other things, make dividend or other payments, secure other indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of the Company s assets. The Company is also required to meet specified financial ratios under the terms of the Company s credit agreements. The Company s ability to comply with these financial and restrictive covenants is dependent on the Company s future performance. The Company s failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of the Company s indebtedness or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and debt service capability. In addition, the Company s substantial indebtedness may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the Company s flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, lowering its credit ratings, 20 Table of Contents increasing its borrowing costs and/or requiring the Company to reduce or delay investments, strategic acquisitions and capital expenditures or seek additional capital to refinance its indebtedness and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The Company and SpinCo are required to abide by potentially significant restrictions that could limit the Company s ability to undertake certain corporate actions that otherwise could be advantageous. In connection with the BDS Business Acquisition, the Company entered into the Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2026 (the Tax Matters Agreement ), by and among the Company, BD and SpinCo, which imposes certain restrictions on the Company and SpinCo during the two-year period following the SpinCo Cash Distribution, subject to certain exceptions, with respect to actions that could cause the Spin-Off and the SpinCo Cash Distribution to fail to qualify for their intended tax treatment. As a result of these restrictions, the Company s ability to engage in certain transactions, such as the issuance or purchase of stock or certain business combinations, may be limited, which could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, or financial condition. If the Company or SpinCo take or omit to take any actions enumerated in the Tax Matters Agreement, or if certain events relating to SpinCo occur that would cause the Spin-Off or the SpinCo Cash Distribution to become taxable, the party whose actions or omissions (or event relating to) caused the Spin-Off or the SpinCo Cash Distribution to become taxable generally will be required to bear the cost of any resulting tax liability of BD (but not BD s shareholders). Such taxes would be expected to be material, and could cause the Company s business, financial condition and operating results to suffer. The Company may be unable to provide (or obtain from third parties) the same types and level of services to the BDS Business that historically have been provided by BD or may be unable to provide (or obtain) them at the same cost. As part of a separate reporting segment of BD, the BDS Business has been able to receive services from BD. Following the BDS Business Acquisition, the Company will need to replace these services either by providing them internally from our existing services or by obtaining them from unaffiliated third parties. These services include legal, accounting, information technology, human resources and other infrastructure support of which the effective and appropriate performance is critical to the operations of the Company following the BDS Business Acquisition. Upon consummation of the BDS Business Acquisition, the Company, SpinCo and BD entered into several transition services agreements (the Transition Services Agreements ), pursuant to which BD will provide services to SpinCo on a transitional basis to facilitate the transition of the BDS Business to the Company. BD will provide to SpinCo various services, including legal, accounting, information technology, human resources and other infrastructure support, for a duration ranging from three months up to 24 months. Additionally, under manufacturing and supply agreements, BD will manufacture certain products for the BDS Business and its subsidiaries following the consummation of the BDS Business Acquisition. The Company may be unable to replace these services in a timely manner or on terms and conditions as favorable as those the BDS Business currently receives from BD. The costs for these services could in the aggregate be higher than the aggregate costs incurred by the Company and the BDS Business for these services. If the Company is unable to replace the services provided by BD or is unable to replace them at the same cost or is delayed in replacing the services provided by BD, the Company s results of operations may be materially adversely impacted. RISKS RELATED TO MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS The Company s international operations may be negatively affected by political events, wars or terrorism, economic conditions and regulatory changes, related to either a specific country or a larger region. These potential political, currency and economic disruptions, as well as foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. Approximately 69% and 68% of the Company s net sales in 2025 and 2024, respectively, were outside of the U.S. and were primarily denominated in foreign currencies. In addition, the Company has considerable 21 Table of Contents manufacturing operations in Ireland and the U.K., as well as key subcontractors providing manufacturing and support that are located in Singapore. As a result, a significant portion of the Company s sales and operations are subject to certain risks, including adverse developments in the political, regulatory and economic environment, including uncertainty regarding possible changes to foreign and domestic trade policy; trade protection measures, including embargoes, sanctions and tariffs; impact and costs of terrorism or war, in particular as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, and the possibility of further escalation resulting in new geopolitical and regulatory instability; sudden movements in a country s foreign exchange rates due to a change in a country s sovereign risk profile or foreign exchange regulatory practices; differing tax laws and changes in those laws; restrictions on investments and/or limitations regarding foreign ownership; nationalization of private enterprises which may result in the confiscation of assets; credit risk and uncertainties regarding the collectability of accounts receivable; the impact of global health crises, pandemics and epidemics; changes in inflation and interest rates; instability in the global banking industry; rising energy prices and potential energy shortages; difficulties in protecting intellectual property; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; and associated adverse operational, contractual and tax consequences. In 2025, the Company s total net sales from China increased 10% as compared to 2024 after decreasing by 10% in 2024 as compared to 2023. The 2024 sales decrease in China resulted from lower customer demand for our products across all customer classes, driven by various factors. Such factors include, among other things, a decline in the economic conditions in China, trade tensions and tariffs between the U.S. and China and their impact on our business and particularly customers purchasing decisions, increased competition from local and international competitors in China, the Chinese government s ongoing tightening of restrictions on procurement by government-funded customers and other regulatory and compliance challenges and uncertainties in the Chinese market, all of which had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and operations in China. In particular, China s government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing sector-specific policies, and it maintains control over China s economic growth through setting monetary policy and determining treatment of particular industries or companies. The U.S. government has called for substantial changes to foreign trade policy with China and has raised, and has proposed to further raise in the future, tariffs on Chinese goods. China has retaliated with increased tariffs on U.S. goods, which has increased our cost of doing business in China. Additionally, the U.S. government announced new global trade tariffs on imports to the U.S. during fiscal 2025, including additional tariffs on various countries from which the Company directly or indirectly imports and/or exports products. In response, several countries have imposed or threatened reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other measures. Various modifications to the U.S. tariffs have been announced, and further changes are expected to be made in the future, including in response to litigation. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court rendered a decision invalidating tariffs imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act. This decision introduces uncertainty regarding potential refund processes and future trade policy actions and could affect the Company s cost structure and supply chain planning. The ultimate impact of tariffs and other trade policies on the Company s business will depend on several factors, including future measures implemented by the U.S. government and the governments of other countries, the overall magnitude and duration of these measures, and the Company s ability to mitigate effects, which could include higher import costs and reduced sales in China and other affected markets. Accordingly, the Company s financial position or results of operations may be adversely influenced by political, economic, legal, compliance, social and business conditions in the U.S. and in other countries. Additionally, the U.S. dollar value of the Company s net sales, cost of sales, operating expenses, interest, taxes and net income varies with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Significant increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies, particularly the Canadian Dollar, Euro, Japanese yen, British pound and Chinese renminbi, could have a material adverse effect or benefit on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. From time to time, the Company enters into certain foreign currency exchange contracts that are intended to offset some of the market risk associated with sales denominated in foreign currencies. There can be no 22 Table of Contents assurance that these transactions will be effective at hedging such market risk. Such transactions may negatively affect the Company s quarterly earnings from time to time. Global economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the demand for, and supply of, the Company s products and harm the Company s financial results. The Company is a global business with operations, supply chains, suppliers and customers that may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions such as changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities and supplies) and interest rates. Both our domestic and international markets experience varying degrees of inflationary and interest rate pressures. These changes in global economic conditions may affect the demand for, and supply of, the Company s products and services. This may result in a decline in sales in the future, increased rate of order cancellations or delays, increased risk of excess or obsolete inventories, longer sales cycles and potential difficulty in collecting sales proceeds. There can be no assurance regarding demand for the Company s products and services in the future. Disruption in worldwide financial markets could adversely impact the Company s access to capital and financial condition. Financial markets in the U.S., Europe and Asia have experienced times of extreme disruption, including, among other things, sharp increases in the cost of new capital, credit rating downgrades and bailouts, severely diminished capital availability and severely reduced liquidity in money markets. Financial and banking institutions have also experienced disruptions, resulting in large asset write-downs, higher costs of capital, rating downgrades and reduced desire to lend money. There can be no assurance that there will not be future deterioration or prolonged disruption in financial markets or financial institutions. Any future deterioration or prolonged disruption in financial markets or financial institutions in which the Company participates may impair the Company s ability to access its existing cash, utilize its existing syndicated bank credit facility funded by such financial institutions or access sources of new capital on favorable terms or at all, which it may need to meet its capital needs. The cost to the Company of any new capital raised and interest expense would increase if this were to occur. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS The Company s financial results are subject to changes in customer demand, which may decrease for a number of reasons, many beyond the Company s control. The demand for the Company s products is dependent upon the size of the markets for its products; the timing and level of capital spending and expenditures of the Company s customers; changes in governmental regulations, particularly those affecting drug, food and drinking water testing and medical devices; funding, including government funding, available to academic, governmental and research institutions; health policy; export controls; general economic conditions and the rate of economic growth in the Company s major markets; and competitive considerations. Policy, regulatory and enforcement changes introduced by the current presidential administration and regulatory leadership in the United States may impact the business and capital expenditure strategies of the Company s customers, which in turn could adversely impact the Company s results of operations or financial condition. The Company typically experiences seasonality in its orders that is reflected as an increase in sales in its fourth quarter as a result of purchasing habits for capital goods by customers that tend to exhaust their spending budgets by calendar year-end. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the Company will effectively forecast customer demand and appropriately allocate research and development expenditures to products with high growth and high margin prospects. Additionally, there can be no assurance that the Company s results of operations or financial condition will not be adversely impacted by a change in any of the factors listed above or the continuation of uncertain global economic conditions. The analytical instrument market may also, from time to time, experience low sales growth. Approximately 59% and 58% of the Company s net sales in 2025 and 2024, respectively, were to worldwide pharmaceutical accounts, which are periodically subject to unfavorable market conditions and consolidations. Unfavorable industry conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 23 Table of Contents Competitors may introduce more effective or less expensive products than the Company s, which could result in decreased sales. The competitive landscape may transform as a result of potential changes in ownership, mergers and continued consolidations among the Company s competitors, which could harm the Company s business. The analytical instrument market, and, in particular, the portion related to the Company s HPLC, UPLC, LC-MS, light scattering, thermal analysis, rheometry and calorimetry product lines, is highly competitive. The Company encounters significant competition from several international instrument suppliers and other companies in both domestic and foreign markets. Such competitors may have instrument businesses that are generally more diversified than the Company s business but are typically less focused on the markets that the Company chooses to focus on. Over the years, some competitors have merged with other competitors for various reasons, including increasing product line offerings, improving market share and reducing costs. This industry is also subject to rapid technological change, discovery and frequent product introductions. There can be no assurance that the Company s competitors will not introduce new, disruptive technologies that displace the Company s existing technologies or more effective and less costly products than those of the Company or that the Company will be able to increase its sales and profitability from new product introductions. There can be no assurance that the Company s sales and marketing forces will compete successfully against the Company s competitors in the future. Strategies for organic growth require developing new technologies and bringing these new technologies to market, which could negatively impact the Company s financial results. A significant component of the Company s success is dependent in part on its ability to focus on innovation and new product development in order to increase revenue. The results of the Company s product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including its ability to anticipate customer needs, dedicate sufficient time to innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the U.S. and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property rights and gain and maintain market acceptance of its products. In addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay the Company s commercialization of a product. The development of new products will require a significant amount of time and spending, including on research and development, production and marketing, before any significant, robust sales will be realized. For example, the Company expects to bring new microbiology products to market, which may take three to five years to generate significant sales. Furthermore, these new products will be sold into both the non-clinical and clinical markets, and any new products requiring FDA clearance may take longer to bring to market. There can be no assurance that any products now in development, or that the Company may seek to develop in the future, will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. In addition, the Company s products are subject to rapid changes in technology. Rapidly changing technology could make some or all of our product lines obsolete unless the Company is able to continually improve our existing products and develop new products. If the Company fails to develop and introduce products in a timely manner in response to changing technology, market demands or the requirements of our customers, the Company s product sales may decline, and we could experience an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Even if the Company successfully develops new products or enhancements or new generations of existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry or regulatory standards, or competitors innovations. Reductions in customers research budgets or government funding may adversely affect the Company s business. The Company supplies products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. Research and development spending of such customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions. A number of these customers are also dependent for their funding upon grants from U.S. government agencies, such as the U.S. National Institutes of Health, and similar agencies in other countries. Other customers, such as pharmaceutical companies, may self-fund but will have budgets affected by macro-economic events. The level of government 24 Table of Contents funding of research and development may vary significantly due to factors that can be difficult to forecast, including changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities. The availability of governmental research funding has been and may in the future be adversely affected by economic conditions and governmental spending reductions, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. Accordingly, the timing and amount of revenue from customers that rely on government or research funding may also vary significantly and be difficult to forecast, and any reductions or delays in governmental or other research funding have caused and may in the future cause the Company s customers to delay or forgo product purchases. Market dynamics, changes in reimbursement practices and coverage policies and third-party payer cost containment measures could affect the demand for the Company s products and the prices at which they are sold. The sale of the Company s products and services, as well as access to them, depends, in part, on the healthcare funding landscape and how healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by public and private payers. Coverage policies and reimbursement levels can vary across the payer community globally, regionally, and locally, and may affect which products customers purchase, the market acceptance rate for new technologies and the prices customers are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. In addition, third-party payers are increasingly challenging the reimbursement models and prices charged for medical products and services. Any changes to the reimbursement landscape, or adverse decisions relating to the Company s products by administrators of these systems could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using the Company s products or result in denial of reimbursement for those products, which could adversely affect customer demand, or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. Changes in government priorities as it relates to healthcare could affect the revenue earned by the Company and the costs for obtaining such revenue. A global trend towards limiting growth of healthcare costs may also put industry-wide pressure on the Company s products that are subject to reimbursement. In the U.S., these include value-based purchasing, group purchasing organizations and managed care arrangements. Governments in China and other countries continue to use various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, including increased use of competitive bidding and tenders, price regulation (such as volume-based procurement programs), government imposed payback provisions, and changes in reimbursement practices and policies on average selling prices for the Company s products, which unfavorably impact the Company s revenues and may continue to impact the Company s results of operations in certain countries. In addition, changes in regulatory enforcement priorities and efforts by governments in countries in which the Company does business, including China, may increase compliance and monitoring costs that could have an adverse impact on the Company s business. Group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have also served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to downward pricing pressures. Further consolidation in the industry could intensify competition and exert additional pressure on the demand for and prices of the Company s products. The Company s growth can suffer if the markets into which it sells products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. The Company s growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which the Company serves, and visibility into the Company s markets can be limited (particularly for markets into which it sells through distribution). The Company s quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the quarter, which are difficult to forecast. Any decline or lower than expected growth in the Company s served markets can diminish demand for the Company s products and services and adversely affect the Company s business and financial statements. Certain of the Company s businesses operate in industries that experience seasonality, or industries that have experienced and may continue to experience periodic, cyclical downturns. In addition, in certain of the Company s businesses demand depends on customers capital spending budgets, government funding policies and interest rates, and matters of public policy and government budget, fiscal and monetary dynamics as well as product and economic cycles can affect the spending decisions of these entities. Demand for the Company s products and services is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, marketing or promotional programs, new product introductions, the 25 Table of Contents timing of industry trade shows and changes in distributor or customer inventory levels due to distributor or customer management thereof or other factors. Any of these factors could adversely affect the Company s business and financial statements in any given period. Defects or quality issues associated with the Company s products, including software or hardware, could adversely impact their function, performance and security, and affect results of operations. The design, manufacture and marketing of the Company s products involve certain inherent risks. Manufacturing or design defects, component failures, unapproved or improper use of the Company s products or inadequate disclosure of risks or other information relating to the use of the Company s products can lead to injury or other serious adverse events or non-reliable customer research. Such events have in the past and could in the future lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to the Company s products (either voluntary or as required by the FDA or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. A recall could result in significant costs, lost sales and customers, enforcement actions and/or investigations by state and federal governments or other enforcement bodies, as well as negative publicity and damage to the Company s reputation that could reduce future demand for its products. Personal injuries relating to the use of the Company s products can also result in significant product liability claims being brought against the Company, which, if in excess of, or outside the coverage of, the Company s insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the Company may not be able to maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, and insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Despite testing prior to the release and throughout the lifecycle of a product or service, the detection and correction of any manufacturing errors, or errors in released software or hardware, can be time consuming and costly. This could delay the development or release of new products or services, or new versions of products or services, expose security vulnerabilities in the Company s products or services, and adversely affect market acceptance of products or services. If the Company experiences errors or delays, its sales could be affected, and revenues could decline. Manufacturing errors, or errors in released software or hardware, could expose the Company to product liability, performance and warranty claims, regulatory enforcement and fines as well as harm to brand and reputation, which could impact future sales. In some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in regulatory approval of new products or the imposition of post-market approval requirements. In addition, inaccurate data produced from the Company s products could result in faulty clinical decisions or treatments that could have an adverse effect on the Company s clients and their patients. Issues and uncertainties related to the development, deployment and use of artificial intelligence in the Company s business operations and products may result in harm to the Company s reputation, regulatory action or legal liability. The Company continues to integrate artificial intelligence ( AI ), including generative AI, into its business operations and products and research further uses and opportunities for AI development. As AI is a rapidly developing technology that is still in the early stages of being researched and understood, the development, deployment and use of AI presents novel risks and challenges that have the potential to adversely impact the Company s business. The premature use of inadequate AI or the use of deficient AI, including flawed or biased algorithms, could harm the Company s brand, reputation or competitive advantage or result in regulatory penalties or legal liability. The input of confidential information or trade secrets into AI systems may result in the loss of intellectual property, proprietary rights or attorney-client privilege in such information or trade secrets. The use of AI technologies for developing products or services may adversely affect or preclude the Company s intellectual property rights in such products or services, or may expose the Company to liability related to the infringement, misappropriation or other violation of third-party intellectual property. Failures in AI functionality could result in delays in new product offerings and services and have an adverse impact on other business activities. Delays or disruptions in successfully developing and implementing AI as part of the Company s business activities, products or services could have a negative impact on the Company s competitiveness, particularly if competitors are successful in making and leveraging such advancements, and the development of adequate AI technology will require significant investment. The use of AI with personally identifiable information may also result in liability. Further, particularly given the nascent stage of the technology, the use of 26 Table of Contents AI can lead to unintended consequences, including the generation of outputs that appear correct but are factually inaccurate or misleading, or that result in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, or are otherwise flawed, which could harm our reputation and business and expose us to risks related to such inaccuracies or errors in these outputs. Due to the novelty of AI technology, the Company may also experience additional risks that cannot yet be predicted. Laws and regulations arising from the use and development of AI technology present additional uncertainties and risks to the Company. In particular, the use and development of AI implicates risks related to intellectual property, data protection and privacy laws and regulations and may also cause compliance issues or raise ethical concerns. Due to the rapid developments being made in AI technology, the legal and regulatory landscape related to AI is constantly evolving. Complying with developing laws, regulations and standards could significantly burden the Company, and failures to comply could result in legal liability, regulatory action or reputational harm. The Company may face risks associated with previous or future acquisitions, strategic investments, joint ventures and divestitures. In the normal course of business, the Company may engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic investments, joint ventures and divestitures. The Company may pursue transactions that complement or augment its existing products and services. Such transactions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating the acquired operations, technologies and products; diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; inability to predict financial results; potential departures of key employees of the acquired company; and difficulties in effectively transferring divested businesses and liabilities. If the Company successfully identifies acquisitions in the future, completing such acquisitions may result in new issuances of the Company s stock that may be dilutive to current owners; increases in the Company s debt and contingent liabilities; and additional amortization expense related to intangible assets. Acquired businesses may also expose the Company to new risks and new markets, and the Company may have difficulty addressing these risks in a cost-effective and timely manner. Any of these transaction-related risks could have a material adverse effect on the Company s profitability. In addition, the Company may not be able to identify, successfully complete, or integrate potential acquisitions in the future. Even if the Company can do so, it cannot be sure that these acquisitions will have a positive impact on the Company s business or operating results. Disruption of operations, including at the Company s manufacturing facilities, or disruption or failure of the Company s key technology systems could have a material impact on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company manufactures its products at various facilities in the U.S. and internationally. There may be more than one manufacturing line for any particular component or product. In most instances, however, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or a few of our plants as a result of many factors, including site licensing and regulatory oversight. Any prolonged disruption to the operations at any of these facilities, whether due to labor difficulties (including shortages), destruction of or damage to any facility, power interruptions, cybersecurity incidents or breaches, failure of key technology systems, weather events or natural disasters (including the potential impacts of climate change), regulatory requirements, equipment failure or other reasons, could harm our customer relationships, impede our ability to generate sales and have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. In some instances, the Company may not be able to transition manufacturing to other sites or a third party to replace the lost production. Our worldwide enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) system is integral to our ability to accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records, record transactions, coordinate resource allocation between our manufacturing facilities across the globe, provide critical information to our management, and prepare our financial statements. In December 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved the implementation of a new worldwide ERP system, which is expected to provide enhanced operating efficiencies, process alignment, information sharing, and scalability compared to the Company s existing ERP system. While implementation of the new ERP system is currently underway, the full transition to the new ERP system is expected to be a multi-year process. Transitioning from the existing ERP system to the new ERP system has required and will continue 27 Table of Contents to require significant investment of human and financial resources, and we may experience significant increases to inherent costs and risks associated with such a transition, including capital expenditures, additional operating expenses, demands on management time and other risks and costs of delays or potential challenges, such as the cost of training personnel, migration of data, the potential instability of the new ERP system and cost overruns. A significant disruption or deficiency in the design or implementation of the new ERP system may adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship product, send invoices and track payments, fulfil contractual obligations, maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting or otherwise operate our business and, as a result, may have an adverse and material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Failure to adequately protect intellectual property could have materially adverse effects on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. Our success depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, and enforce patents on our technology, maintain our trademarks, and protect our trade secrets. There can be no assurance that any patents held by the Company will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or that the rights granted thereunder will provide competitive advantages to the Company. Additionally, there could be successful claims against the Company by third-party patent holders with respect to certain products that may infringe the intellectual property rights of such third parties. If a claim relating to intellectual property is asserted against the Company, or third parties hold pending or issued patents that relate to the Company s products or technology, the Company may seek licenses to such intellectual property or challenge those patents. However, the Company may be unable to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and the challenge of the patents may be unsuccessful. The Company s failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could impact the sale, manufacture, or distribution of its products and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. The Company s existing patents, including those licensed from others, expire on various dates. The Company s performance also depends in part on the strength of its trademarks and its proprietary brands. The Company s inability to protect or preserve the value of its intellectual property rights for any reason, including the Company s inability to successfully defend against counterfeit, knock-offs, grey-market, infringing or otherwise unauthorized products, could damage the Company s brand and reputation and harm its business. The Company also relies on trade secrets and proprietary know-how with which it seeks to protect its products, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with its collaborators, employees and consultants. These agreements may not adequately protect the Company s trade secrets and other proprietary rights. These agreements may be breached, and the Company may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, the Company s trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by its competitors. If the Company is unable to protect its intellectual property rights, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. The Company s business would suffer if the Company were unable to acquire adequate sources of supply. Most of the raw materials, components and supplies purchased by the Company are available from several suppliers; however, a number of items including specialized products are purchased from limited or single sources of supply. Consolidation among such suppliers could also result in other limited or sole-source suppliers for the Company in the future. The price and availability of these materials, components and supplies has been, and may in the future be, impacted or disrupted for reasons beyond the Company s control, including, but not limited to, supplier shutdowns, supplier capacity constraints, supplier insolvencies, labor disruptions or shortages, transportation delays, inflationary pricing pressures, work stoppages, extreme weather events, geopolitical developments, global economic uncertainty or downturns, sanctions and trade restrictions and other governmental regulatory actions (such as in the area of materials of concern), and any such changes or disruptions could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company has experienced significant challenges to its global transportation channels and other aspects of its global supply chain network, including to the cost and availability of energy, raw materials and components due to shortages, labor strikes and cost inflation. 28 Table of Contents In addition, price increases from these suppliers, including as a result of any imposed tariffs, could have an adverse effect on the Company s margins. A prolonged inability to obtain certain materials or components or a sustained material cost increase to source such materials and components could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations and could result in damage to its relationships with its customers and, accordingly, adversely affect the Company s business. The Company will explore alternative routes, transportation modes and the lead time for replenishment to preempt and mitigate risks associated with sourcing supply, but no assurance can be given that these efforts will adequately address these challenges and disruptions. While the Company intends to work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply and service, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful. In addition, due to regulatory requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, the Company may not be able to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or without excessive cost. The termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these raw materials and components could adversely impact the Company s ability to manufacture and sell certain of its products, which could have an adverse impact on its business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company s sales would deteriorate if the Company s outside contractors failed to provide necessary components or modules or develop certain intellectual property. Certain components or modules of the Company s LC and MS instruments are manufactured by outside contractors, including the manufacturing of LC instrument systems and related components by contract manufacturing firms in Singapore. The ability of these contractors to perform their obligations is largely outside of the Company s control. Additionally, while the BDS Business intellectual property is and historically has been developed primarily by U.S. based employees (or has been acquired through historical acquisitions, strategic investments, joint ventures and/or divestitures), certain specialized development related to its intellectual property is performed by third-party contractors. Failure by these outside contractors to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels could have an adverse effect on the supply chain and the financial results of the Company. In addition, if one or more of such contractors experience significant disruption in services or institute a significant price increase, the Company may have to seek alternative providers, its costs could increase and the delivery of its products could be prevented or delayed. A prolonged inability to obtain these components or modules could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. The Company s business could be harmed by actions of third-party sales intermediaries and other third parties that sell our products. The Company sells some products through third parties, including third-party sales intermediaries and value-added resellers. This could expose us to various risks, including competitive pressure, concentration of sales volumes, credit risks and compliance risks. We may rely on one or a few key third-party sales intermediaries for a product or market and the loss of these third-party sales intermediaries could reduce our revenue or net earnings. Third-party sales intermediaries may also face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable. Moreover, violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act or similar anti-bribery laws by domestic or foreign distributors or other third-party intermediaries could materially and adversely impact our business, reputation and results of operations. Risks related to our use of third-party sales intermediaries and other third parties may reduce sales, increase expenses and weaken our competitive position. The Company is subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm its business by leading to a reduction in revenues associated with these customers. The Company derives a portion of its revenue from direct and indirect sales to U.S. federal, state and local as well as foreign governments and their respective agencies, and, as a result, it is subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. The laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain pricing terms 29 Table of Contents and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. The Company is also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment, which could negatively impact the Company s business and operations. If the Company s government contracts are terminated, if it is suspended from government work or if its ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, the Company s business could be negatively impacted. The Company s financial results may be subject to changing application of tax law and tax audit examinations. The Company is subject to rates of income tax that range from 0% up to 34% in various jurisdictions in which it conducts business. In addition, the Company typically generates a substantial portion of its income in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. Geographical shifts in income from previous quarters projections caused by factors including, but not limited to, changes in volume and product mix and fluctuations in foreign currency translation rates, could therefore have potentially significant favorable or unfavorable effects on the Company s income tax expense, effective tax rate and results of operations. Governments in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates implement changes to tax laws and regulations from time to time. In 2024 and 2025, various foreign jurisdictions implemented aspects of the guidance issued by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development related to the Pillar Two system of global minimum tax rules. These tax laws and regulations, and any changes in corporate income tax rates or regulations regarding transfer pricing or repatriation of dividends or capital, as well as changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws and regulations, could adversely affect the Company s cash flow and lead to increases in its overall tax burden, which would negatively affect the Company s profitability. These changes in tax law did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position, result of operations and cash flows in 2025. The Company has a Development and Expansion Incentive in Singapore that provides a concessionary income tax rate of 5% on certain types of income for the period April 1, 2021 through March 31, 2026. The Company has determined that it is more likely than not to realize the tax incentive in Singapore and, accordingly, has not recognized any reserves for unrecognized tax benefits on its balance sheet related to this tax incentive. If any of the milestone targets are not met, the Company will not be entitled to the tax exemption on income earned in Singapore dating back to the start date of the agreement (April 1, 2021), and all the tax benefits previously recognized would be reversed, resulting in the recognition of income tax expense equal to the statutory tax of 17% on income earned during that period. As a global business, the Company is subject to tax audit examinations in various jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company must manage the cost and disruption of responding to governmental audits, investigations and proceedings. In addition, the impact of the settlement of pending or future tax audit examination could have an unfavorable effect on the Company s income tax expense, effective tax rate, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. On July 4, 2025, the U.S. government enacted the One Big Beautiful Tax Bill Act ( OBBBA ), enacting changes to the United States federal tax code, including adjustments to effective tax rates on certain types of income and certain deduction limitations. While the OBBBA did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for 2025, the Company will continue to monitor the impact of the OBBBA in future periods. The Company may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets. As of December 31, 2025, the net carrying value of the Company s goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately $1.9 billion. The BDS Business Acquisition is expected to significantly increase the carrying value of the Company s goodwill and other intangible assets, which could lead to potential impairments if the Company s financial results are significantly less than anticipated in the future. In accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ), the Company periodically assesses acquired assets to determine if they are impaired. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to the Company s business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned 30 Table of Contents changes in use of our assets, changes in the structure of our business, divestitures, market capitalization declines or increases in associated discount rates can impair the Company s goodwill and other intangible assets. Any charges relating to such impairments may adversely affect the Company s financial statements in the periods recognized. RISKS RELATED TO HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT The Company s success is highly dependent on qualified and sufficient staffing. Our failure to attract or retain qualified personnel, including our senior management team and technical personnel, could lead to a loss of revenue or profitability. Our future success depends, in part, upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key management and technical personnel (such as research and development, technical sales and support, field service, precision chemistry and instrument manufacturing, quality assurance, regulatory compliance, finance, and global marketing), and on our ability to continue to identify, attract, retain and motivate them. The skills, experience and industry contacts of the Company s senior management team significantly benefits its operations and administration. The failure to attract or retain members of the Company s senior management team and key talent could have a negative effect on the Company s operating results. Implementing our business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, as our revenues are highly dependent on technological and product innovations. The market for employees in our industry is extremely competitive, and competitors for talent, particularly engineering talent, increasingly attempt to hire, and to varying degrees have been successful in hiring, our employees. A number of such competitors for talent may be significantly larger than us and may be able to offer compensation in excess of what we are able to offer. Additionally, macroeconomic conditions, including wage inflation, could have a material impact on our ability to attract and retain talent, our turnover rate and the cost of operating our business. During 2024 and 2023, the Company made organizational changes to better align its resources with its growth and innovation strategies, resulting in a worldwide workforce reduction that impacted approximately 5% of the Company s employees. These workforce reductions may not have the desired impact on our cost-saving initiatives, as they could adversely affect our productivity, morale, customer relationships, product quality, innovation capabilities and ability to execute our strategic plans. Moreover, these workforce reductions could expose us to potential litigation, severance costs, reputational damage and loss of key personnel. If we are unable to manage the effects of these workforce reductions or achieve the expected benefits from them, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Further, existing immigration laws make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain highly skilled foreign national graduates of universities in the United States, making the pool of available talent even smaller. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our business may be harmed. The Company may be subject to labor disruptions. Certain foreign employees of the Company are represented by works councils, unions or similar non-U.S. employee representative bodies in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Brazil, Spain, China, Israel, Japan, Mexico and other foreign jurisdictions. Strikes, work slowdowns, work stoppages or the possibility of such actions in such jurisdictions could result in delays in production or cause the Company to incur higher costs. The Company may also lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements governing the employees labor. RISKS RELATED TO CYBERSECURITY AND DATA PRIVACY Disruption, cyber-attack or unforeseen problems with the security, maintenance or upgrade of the Company s information and web-based systems could have an adverse effect on the Company s business strategy, results of operations and financial condition. The Company relies on its technology infrastructure and that of its third-party partners, including its software and banking partners, among other functions, to interact with suppliers, sell products and services, fulfill contract 31 Table of Contents obligations, ship products, collect and make electronic wire and check based payments and otherwise conduct business. The Company s technology infrastructure and that of its third-party partners has been, and may in the future be, vulnerable to damage or interruption from, but not limited to, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, unauthorized access to customer or employee data, unauthorized access to and funds transfers from Company bank accounts and other attempts to harm the Company s systems. The risk of damage or interruption to technology infrastructure as a result of cyber-attacks has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks from around the world have increased, including through state-sponsored actors and/or the use of artificial intelligence. In the event of such an incident, the Company may suffer interruptions in service, loss of assets or data or reduced functionality. The Company attempts to mitigate cybersecurity risks by employing a number of proactive measures, including mandatory ongoing employee training and awareness, technical security controls, enhanced data protection and maintenance of backup and protective systems. Despite these mitigation measures, the Company s systems and those of its partners remain potentially vulnerable to cybersecurity threats, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. To date, we have not experienced any cybersecurity incidents that have resulted in a material adverse impact to the Company s business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, but future incidents could have such an impact. Additionally, the Company must maintain and periodically upgrade its information and web-based systems, which has caused and will in the future cause temporary interruptions to its technology infrastructure. Any prolonged disruption to the Company s technology infrastructure, at any of its facilities, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. While the Company maintains cyber insurance, this insurance may not, however, be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of its systems. If the Company s security measures are compromised or fail to adequately protect its technology infrastructure, research and development efforts or manufacturing operations, the Company s products and services may be perceived as vulnerable or unreliable, the information protected by the Company s controls and processes may be subject to unauthorized access, acquisition or modification, the Company s brand and reputation could be damaged, the services that the Company provides to its customers could be disrupted, and customers may stop using the Company s products and services, all of which could reduce the Company s revenue and earnings, increase its expenses and expose it to legal claims and regulatory actions. The Company is in the business of designing, manufacturing, selling and servicing analytical instruments to life science, pharmaceutical, biochemical, industrial, nutritional safety and environmental, academic and governmental customers working in research and development, quality assurance and other laboratory applications, and the Company is also a developer and supplier of software and software-based products that support instrument systems. Many of the Company s customers are in highly regulated industries. While the Company has invested time and resources implementing measures designed to protect the integrity and security of its technology infrastructure, research and development processes, manufacturing operations, products and services, and the internal and external data managed by the Company, there is a risk these measures will be defeated or compromised or that they are otherwise insufficient to protect against existing or emerging threats. The Company has also completed acquisitions, including the BDS Business Acquisition, and there are inherent risks associated with integrating products, services, technologies and workforces into the business of the Company. The Company may face such risks when integrating the BDS Business into its existing business. In addition, at times, the Company faces attempts by third parties to defeat its security measures or exploit vulnerabilities in its systems. These risks will increase as the Company continues to grow and expand geographically, and its systems, products and services become increasingly digital and sensor- and web-based. The Company could suffer significant damage to its brand and reputation if a security incident resulted in unauthorized access to, acquisition of, or modification to the Company s technology infrastructure, research and development processes, manufacturing operations, its products and services as well as the internal and external data managed by the Company. Such an incident could disrupt the Company s operations and customers could 32 Table of Contents lose confidence in the Company s ability to deliver quality and reliable products or services. This could negatively impact sales and could increase costs related to fixing and addressing these incidents and any vulnerabilities exposed by them, as well as to lawsuits, regulatory investigations, claims or legal liability including contractual liability, costs and expenses owed to customers and business partners. The Company is subject to varying data privacy laws and regulations, and a violation of such laws and regulations could have a negative impact on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company is subject to varying data privacy laws and regulations related to the collection, storage and transmission of personal data in jurisdictions including the United States, the European Union and the United Kingdom, among others. The legal and regulatory landscape relating to data privacy is continuously changing, and there has been an increased emphasis on developing and enforcing privacy and data protection laws. In addition to regulatory consequences, any failure to protect personal data may damage the Company s reputation or relationships with its customers, employees and partners. Safeguarding personal data and complying with related laws and regulations creates significant costs for the Company, and a failure to comply could result in legal liability, regulatory action or reputational harm, which could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. RISKS RELATED TO COMPLIANCE, REGULATORY OR LEGAL MATTERS Changes in governmental regulations and compliance failures could harm the Company s business. The Company is subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign governments and agencies in areas including, among others, health and safety, antitrust, fraud and abuse (including anti-kickback and false claims laws), import/export, privacy and data protection, anti-bribery and environmental laws and regulations. A portion of the Company s operations are subject to regulation by the FDA and similar foreign regulatory agencies. Regulations govern an array of product activities, including design, development, labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. These regulations are complex and can change frequently (including as a result of changes in interpretation of existing regulations). In particular, significant political shifts in any of the countries in which the Company conducts business, including the United States, may result in regulatory uncertainty and substantial changes in the regulatory regimes to which the Company is subject. For example, the current presidential administration and regulatory leadership in the United States may propose, enact or pursue policy, regulatory and enforcement changes that create additional uncertainty for our business. Any failure by the Company to comply with applicable governmental regulations could result in product recalls, the imposition of fines, restrictions on the Company s ability to conduct or expand its operations or the cessation of all or a portion of its operations. Additionally, the Company develops, configures and markets its products and services to meet customer needs created by these regulations, and any significant change in regulations could reduce demand for its products, increase its expenses or otherwise materially impact its financial position and results of operations. Regulators globally are increasingly imposing greater fines and penalties for privacy and data protection violations, and the European Union, as an example, has enacted a broad data protection regulation with fines based on a percentage of global revenues. Changes in laws or regulations associated with enhanced protection of certain sensitive types of personal information, such as information related to health, could greatly increase the cost of compliance and the cost of providing the Company s products or services. Further, these laws and regulations require the Company to embed privacy, security and data protection requirements in all assets impacting the processing of personal data and could also require the Company to modify current or future products or services, which may harm the Company s future financial results. More recently, privacy and data protection regulators are paying special attention to emerging issues linked to new digital technologies, such as the use of AI, biometrics and surveillance technologies, which pose unique challenges to existing privacy and data protection paradigms. Any failure, or perceived failure, by the Company to comply with laws and regulations on privacy, data security or consumer protection, or other policies, public perception, standards, self-regulatory requirements or legal obligations, could result in lost or restricted business, proceedings, actions or fines brought against the Company or levied by governmental entities or others, or could otherwise adversely affect the business and harm the Company s reputation. 33 Table of Contents Some of the Company s operations are subject to domestic and international laws and regulations with respect to the manufacturing, handling, use or sale of toxic or hazardous substances. This requires the Company to devote substantial resources to maintain compliance with those applicable laws and regulations. If the Company fails to comply with such requirements in the manufacturing or distribution of its products, it could face civil and/or criminal penalties and potentially be prohibited from distributing or selling such products until they are compliant. Some of the Company s products are also subject to the rules of certain industrial standards bodies, such as the International Standards Organization. The Company must comply with these rules, as well as those of other agencies, such as the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Failure to comply with such rules could result in the loss of certification and/or the imposition of fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations. Increasing global protectionism also impedes the Company s ability to compete with local companies. The Company may not be able to participate in certain public tenders in China, India and Russia because of increasing measures to restrict access to such tenders for companies without local manufacturing capabilities. Such regulations could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. As a publicly traded company, the Company is subject to the rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange. In addition, the Company must comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley regulations, which require the Company to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s efforts to comply with such laws and regulations are time consuming and costly. While we continue to enhance our controls, we cannot be certain that we will be able to prevent future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. Failure to comply with such regulations or having inadequate internal controls could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and operations, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock and our access to capital. The Company may be harmed by improper conduct of any of our employees, agents or business partners. We cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect the Company from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners that would violate domestic and international laws, including laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy. In particular, the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government offic