=== MNST_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) and the consolidated financial statements and related notes, you should carefully consider the following risks. If any of the following risks actually occur or continue to occur, our business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating results could be materially adversely affected. The risk factors summarized below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating results. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating results. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk contained below. Operational and Industry Risks ● The Company and TCCC have extensive commercial arrangements and, as a result, the Company’s future performance is substantially dependent on the success of its relationship with TCCC. ● Provisions in our organizational documents and control by insiders or TCCC may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders. ● We primarily rely on bottlers and other contract packers to manufacture our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottlers and contract packers and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us, our business could suffer. ● We rely on limited Company-owned facilities for production of certain of our non-alcohol and alcohol beverages, and developments negatively affecting production at such facilities could materially impact the financial results of our business. ● We rely on bottlers and distributors to distribute our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing bottlers and distributors and/or secure such bottlers and distributors, our business could suffer. 18 Table of Contents ● We currently derive most of our revenues from energy drinks, and competitive pressure in the energy drink category could adversely affect our business and operating results. ● Criticism or negative perceptions of our products (regardless of accuracy) generally could adversely affect us. ● Increased competition in the beverage industry and changing retail landscape could hurt our business. ● Our inability to implement our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing and new sectors, or successfully recognize the anticipated benefits of acquired businesses or assets could adversely affect our business and financial results. ● Changes in consumer product and shopping preferences may reduce demand for our products. ● Our continued expansion outside of the United States exposes us to uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets. ● If we are not able to pass on increases in the costs of raw materials, including aluminum cans, ingredients, fuel, costs of co-packing, and/or tariffs, we may face a higher cost base, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. ● Our failure to accurately estimate demand for our products or maintain sufficient inventory levels or anticipate shortages of raw materials could adversely affect our business and financial results. ● Our business is subject to seasonality, which may cause fluctuations in our operating results. ● The costs of packaging supplies, raw material inputs, ocean and domestic freight, tariffs, and inflation generally may adversely affect our results of operations. ● Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and affect our ability to grow our business. ● Climate change and natural disasters may negatively affect our business. ● If we are not able to retain the services of our workforce, there may be an adverse effect on our operations and/or our operating performance until we find suitable replacements. ● Negative publicity (whether or not warranted) could damage our brand image and corporate reputation and may cause our business to suffer. Government Regulation and Litigation Risks ● Changes in government regulation, or a failure to comply with existing regulations, including those related to energy drinks, data protection and advertising, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. ● Regulations concerning our alcohol beverages may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and inhibit the sales of such products. ● Significant changes to or failure to comply with various environmental laws may expose us to liability and/or cause certain of our facilities and/or those of our co-packers to close, relocate or operate at reduced production levels, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. ● We cannot predict the effect of inquiries from and/or actions by litigants, attorneys general, and/or other (quasi-) government agencies into the production, advertising, marketing, promotion, labeling, ingredients, usage and/or sale of our products. ● Litigation regarding our products and practices, and related unfavorable media attention, could expose us to significant liabilities and reduce demand for our products, thus negatively affecting our financial results. ● If we encounter material product recalls, our business may suffer material losses and such recalls could damage our brand image and corporate reputation, also resulting in material losses. Intellectual Property, Information Technology and Data Privacy and Security Risks ● Our intellectual property rights are critical to our success, and the loss of such rights could materially adversely affect our business. ● Our use of information technology exposes us to the risk of cybersecurity incidents and other costs and interruptions that could disrupt our business operations and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. ● If we fail to comply with data privacy and personal data protection laws and emerging cybersecurity laws, we could be subject to adverse publicity, government enforcement actions and/or private litigation, which may negatively impact our business and operating results. 19 Table of Contents Financial Risks ● Fluctuations in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. ● We may be required to record a charge to earnings if our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired. ● Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating results. ● Uncertainty in the financial markets and other adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. ● Default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses. Operational and Industry Risks The Company and TCCC have extensive commercial arrangements and, as a result, the Company’s future performance is substantially dependent on the success of its relationship with TCCC. We have transitioned all third parties’ rights to distribute the Company’s energy drink products in the U.S. to members of TCCC’s distribution network, which largely consists of independent bottlers/distributors. In addition, except for a handful of countries, TCCC is our preferred distribution partner globally, with members of TCCC’s network distributing our products internationally, including in Africa, Asia, Canada, Central and South America, Europe, Mexico and the Middle East. We expect TCCC’s distribution network to continue as our preferred distribution partner globally. As a result, we have reduced our distributor diversification and are now dependent on TCCC’s domestic and international distribution platforms. TCCC has a substantial equity investment in the Company. The Company, TCCC and certain affiliates are parties to various agreements in which TCCC and certain affiliates have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to compete in the energy drink category in certain territories prior to the termination of the applicable distribution coordination agreement with TCCC. The Company’s distribution agreements with TCCC distributors also provide, subject to certain exceptions, that the applicable distributor will not distribute competitive energy drink products. While we believe that these agreements incentivize TCCC to take steps to ensure that our products receive the appropriate attention in the TCCC distribution system, disagreements as to the interpretation of the provisions in such agreements have arisen and may arise in the future. In addition, TCCC does not control all members of its distribution system, many of which are independent companies that make their own business decisions that may not always align with TCCC’s interests. Provisions in our organizational documents and control by insiders or TCCC may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders. Our organizational documents may limit changes in control. Furthermore, as of February 13, 2026, Mr. Sacks and Mr. Schlosberg together may be deemed to beneficially own and/or exercise voting control over approximately 8.1% of our outstanding common stock. As of February 13, 2026, TCCC owned approximately 20.9% of our common stock. TCCC has also nominated one director to the Company’s board of directors. Consequently, Mr. Sacks, Mr. Schlosberg and/or TCCC could exercise significant control over matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including electing directors, amending organizational documents and disapproving extraordinary transactions such as a takeover attempt, even though such actions may be favorable to the other common stockholders. In particular, TCCC’s ownership could have an effect on the Company’s ability to engage in a change in control transaction. TCCC is obligated for a period of time to vote all of its common shares of the Company in excess of 20% of the outstanding common shares in the same proportion as all common shares not owned by TCCC with respect to a proposal for a change of control. However, if TCCC were to oppose such a change-in-control transaction, a bidder would be required to secure the support of holders of greater than 62.5% of the Company’s common shares not owned by TCCC (assuming that TCCC maintains its ownership of more than 20% of the Company’s common shares) to achieve a vote of a majority of the Company’s outstanding shares for a change-in-control transaction. In addition, TCCC would have a bidding advantage if the Company’s board of directors were to seek to sell the Company in the future because TCCC would not need to pay a control premium on the shares it owns at such time. TCCC and the Company would also be permitted to terminate TCCC’s distribution coordination agreements with the Company after a change in control of the Company. In such event, TCCC would receive a termination fee if TCCC terminated the distribution coordination agreements following a change in control of the Company involving certain TCCC competitors, or if the Company terminated following a change in control of the Company involving any third-party. 20 Table of Contents The interests of TCCC may be different from or conflict with the interests of the Company’s other stockholders and, as a result, TCCC’s influence may result in the delay or prevention of potential actions or transactions. Moreover, TCCC’s ownership of a significant amount of the Company’s outstanding common shares could result in downward pressure on the trading price of the Company’s common shares if TCCC were to sell a large portion of its shares or as a result of the perception that such a sale might occur. We primarily rely on bottlers and other contract packers to manufacture our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottlers and contract packers and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us, our business could suffer. In 2025, we continued to outsource manufacturing of most of our non-alcohol finished goods to bottlers and other contract packers. As a result, in the event of a disruption and/or delay, including, but not limited to, strikes, work stoppages, or labor unrest, and/or demand exceeding forecasted demand, we may be unable to procure alternative packing facilities at commercially reasonable rates and/or within a reasonably short time period. In addition, there are limited alternative packing facilities in our domestic and international markets with adequate capacity and/or suitable equipment for many of our products. A lengthy disruption or delay in the production of any of our products could significantly adversely affect, and historically has adversely affected, our revenues from and/or costs of such products, because alternative co-packing facilities in the United States and abroad with adequate long-term capacity may not be available for such products either at commercially reasonable rates and/or costs, within a reasonably short time period and/or within a geographically cost effective distance, if at all. In addition, in recent years, there has been a consolidation of co-packers, leading us to increasingly rely on fewer co-packing groups, certain of which account for a large percentage of our co-packing capacity for our Monster Energy® drinks. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our largest co-packers, or if our costs of co-packing increase, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on limited Company-owned facilities for production of certain of our non-alcohol and alcohol beverages, and developments negatively affecting production at such facilities could materially impact the financial results of our business. Currently, the primary flavors for our Monster Energy® Drinks segment are developed and manufactured at the AFF facilities in Southern California and Athy, Ireland. Bang Energy® beverages and certain of our other energy drink products are manufactured at our facilities in Phoenix, Arizona and Norwalk, California. Further, we are dependent on Monster Brewing Company’s portfolio of facilities located in Longmont, Colorado, Brevard, North Carolina, and Grand Rapids, Michigan to manufacture certain of our alcohol products. Adverse changes or developments affecting our AFF facilities could adversely impact our ability to produce flavors of certain of our energy drink products. Adverse changes or developments affecting our Norwalk, California and/or Phoenix, Arizona facilities could adversely impact our ability to produce certain of our energy drink products or cause us to halt our production of such beverages. Likewise, adverse changes or developments affecting our alcohol licensed manufacturing facilities could hinder our ability to produce alcohol products to take to market on a timely basis or require us to entirely suspend certain of our Alcohol Brands segment operations. Alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be readily available or may take significant time or cost to run at the same capacity as our AFF, Phoenix, and Norwalk facilities or our current alcohol licensed manufacturing facilities. Such significant disruption may, in turn, have an adverse effect on gross margins, operating cash flows, and overall financial performance of our business. We rely on bottlers and distributors to distribute our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing bottlers and distributors and/or secure such bottlers and distributors, our business could suffer. Many of our bottlers/distributors are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute other carbonated, non-carbonated, non-alcohol, alcohol and other beverage products. In many cases, such products compete directly with our products. Unilateral decisions by bottlers/distributors, buying groups, convenience and gas chains, grocery chains, mass merchandisers, specialty chain stores, club stores, e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites and/or other customers, including retailer disagreements with our bottlers/distributors, to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time, restrict the range of our products they carry, impose restrictions or limitations on the sale of our products and/or the sizes of containers of our products and/or devote less resources to the sale of our products could cause our business to suffer. Moreover, competitors’, consumers’ or others’ attempts to persuade regulators, retailers, and/or customers in certain countries to reduce the permitted or maximum container sizes for our products from those currently being sold and marketed by us could negatively impact our business. In addition, possible trading 21 Table of Contents disputes between our bottler/distributors and their customers or buying groups may result in the delisting of certain of the Company’s products, temporarily or otherwise. Bottler/distributor consolidation may also have an adverse impact on our business. The TCCC North American Bottlers, Coca-Cola Europacific Partners, Coca-Cola Hellenic, Coca-Cola FEMSA, Swire Coca-Cola (China), COFCO Coca-Cola, Coca-Cola Beverages Africa and Coca-Cola İçecek are our primary domestic and international distributors of our non-alcohol products. We also sell our alcohol beverages to certain beer and alcohol beverage distributors through generally separate distribution networks for distribution to retailers. As a result, if we are unable to maintain good relationships with these bottlers/distributors, if changes in control or ownership occur within the current distribution network, or if they do not effectively focus on marketing, promoting, selling and/or distributing our products, sales of our products could be adversely affected. A decision by any large customer to decrease the amount purchased from us or to cease carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations. The marketing efforts of our bottlers/distributors are important to our success. If our brands prove to be less attractive to our existing bottlers/distributors, if we fail to attract additional bottlers/distributors, and/or our bottlers/distributors do not market, promote and/or distribute our products effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Disruption in distribution channels and/or a decline in sales due to the termination and/or insolvency of existing or new bottlers/distributors may adversely affect our business and operating results. No assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain our current distribution network or secure additional distributors on terms not less favorable to us than our current arrangements. We currently derive most of our revenues from energy drinks, and competitive pressure in the energy drink category could adversely affect our business and operating results. Our focus is in the energy drink category, and our business is vulnerable to adverse changes impacting the energy drink category and business, which could adversely impact our business and the trading price of our common stock. Most of our sales are currently derived from our energy drinks. Any decrease in the sales of our Monster Energy® brand and other energy drinks could significantly adversely affect our future revenues and net income. Historically, we have experienced substantial competition from new entrants in the energy drink category as well as from the energy shot category. For a discussion of such competition, see “Part I, Item 1 – Business – Competition.” The increasing number of competitive products and limited amount of shelf space in retail stores, including in beverage coolers, may adversely impact our ability to gain or maintain our share of sales in the marketplace. In addition, certain actions of our competitors, including unsubstantiated and/or misleading claims, false advertising claims and tortious interference in our business, as well as competitors selling misbranded products, could impact our sales. Competitive pressures in the energy drink category could impact our revenues, cause price erosion and/or lower our market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Criticism or negative perceptions of our products (regardless of accuracy) generally could adversely affect us. An unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine, other ingredients in energy drinks or energy drinks generally, or criticism or negative publicity regarding the caffeine content and/or any other ingredients in our products or energy drinks generally, including product safety concerns (regardless of the validity or scientific merit of any such reports, criticism, or negative publicity), could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Articles critical of the caffeine content and/or other ingredients in energy drinks and/or articles indicating certain health risks of energy drinks have been published in recent years. We believe the overall growth of the energy drink market in the U.S. may have been negatively impacted by the ongoing negative publicity and comments that continue to appear in the media questioning the safety of energy drinks, and suggesting limitations on their ingredients (including caffeine), and/or the levels thereof, and/or imposing minimum age restrictions for consumers. If reports, studies or articles critical of caffeine and/or energy drinks continue to be published or are published in the future, or additional voluntary measures are taken, they could adversely affect the demand for our products. If we are unable to satisfy all criteria set forth in any model energy drink guidelines, including, without limitation, those adopted by the American Beverage Association in the future, of which we 22 Table of Contents are a member, and/or any international beverage associations, it could negatively affect our overall reputation, which in turn could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The alcohol beverage industry has also been the subject of considerable societal and political attention for many years due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related health and social issues, including driving under the influence, underage drinking, and the negative health impacts of the misuse or abuse of alcohol. Moreover, anti-alcohol groups have successfully advocated, and increasingly continue to advocate, for more stringent labeling requirements, higher taxes, and other regulations designed to curtail alcohol consumption. In response to these concerns and advocacy, advertising by alcohol producers could be further restricted, additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements might be imposed, further restrictions on the sale of alcohol might be imposed, or there may be renewed efforts to impose increased excise or other taxes on alcohol sold in the United States or abroad. In addition, the increase of such criticism and negative perception of alcohol beverages generally could decrease sales and the consumption of alcohol, including the demand for our alcohol products. Any such developments may have a negative impact on the operating results of our Alcohol Brands segment. Increased competition in the beverage industry and changing retail landscape could hurt our business. The beverage industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing, packaging, development of new products, flavors, product positioning, quality as well as promotion and marketing strategies. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks, both non-alcohol and alcohol, produced by a relatively large number of domestic and international manufacturers. Important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the efficacy, taste and flavor of our products, trade and consumer promotions, rapid and effective development of new and unique cutting-edge products, attractive and different packaging, branded product advertising and pricing. The success of our sports marketing, social media and other general marketing endeavors may impact our business, financial condition and results of operation. Our products compete with all liquid refreshments, including TCCC, Starbucks Corporation, PepsiCo, Red Bull GmbH, KDP, Molson Coors, Constellation Brands, AB InBev, The Boston Beer Company and The Mark Anthony Group. We also compete with companies that are smaller or primarily national or local in operations, such as CELSIUS, PRIME, C4, Alani Nu, GHOST, ZOA, GORGIE, and others as well as local craft breweries in our Alcohol Brands segment. Our products also compete with private-label brands such as those carried by grocery store chains, convenience store chains and club stores. We anticipate competition will remain robust due to a number of new entrants in the energy drink category. Some competitors are consolidating (as evidenced by business combinations of substantial value carried out by significant competitors in recent years), building more capacity, expanding geographically, and/or adding more SKUs and styles. For example, PepsiCo entered into a long-term strategic distribution arrangement with Celsius Holdings, Inc., a competitor in the energy drink space, in August 2022. Additionally, competition in the alcohol beverage space—including from craft brewers and craft distilleries, ready-to-drink spirits and similar products—continues to evolve. Market dynamics have been influenced by broader competitive trends and regulatory focus on market structure, including analyses and recommendations contained in the February 2022 U.S. Treasury report, “Competition in the Markets for Beer, Wine, and Spirits,” which assesses competitive conditions and potential barriers to entry. Actual growth in specific segments, such as hard seltzers, craft products, and other beverage categories, varies over time and may be affected by changing consumer preferences, regulatory developments and economic conditions. As a result of such increased competition for our products, we may face competitive pricing pressures and the demand for and market share of our products may fluctuate and possibly decline. The rapid growth in sales through e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, mobile commerce applications and subscription services, and closures of physical retail operations may result in a shift away from physical retail operations to digital channels and a reduction in impulse purchases. As we build our e-commerce capabilities, we may not be able to develop and maintain successful relationships with existing and new e-commerce retailers without experiencing a deterioration of our relationships with key customers operating physical retail channels. If we are unable to profitably expand our own e-commerce capabilities and/or if e-commerce retailers take significant market share away from traditional retailers, our business may be adversely affected. Further, the ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis using digital technology puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive prices. Sales in gas chains may also be affected by increased gasoline prices, improvements in fuel efficiency and increased consumer preferences for electric or alternative fuel-powered vehicles, which may result in fewer trips by consumers to gas stations and a corresponding reduction in purchases by consumers in convenience gas retailers. If we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected. 23 Table of Contents Due to competition in the beverage industry, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter difficulties in maintaining our current revenues, market share or position in the beverage industry. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will successfully react to the emergence of new subcategories within the energy and/or alcohol beverage sectors. If our revenues decline, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our inability to implement our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing and new sectors, or to successfully recognize the anticipated benefits of acquired businesses or assets could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive beverage industry and to achieve our business growth objectives depends, in part, on our ability to develop new flavors, products and packaging. The success of our innovation, in turn, depends on our ability to identify consumer trends and cater to consumer preferences. If we are not successful in our innovation activities, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected. On July 31, 2023, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Bang Energy. Among other assets, the acquisition included the Bang Energy® drink business. Prior to the Bang Energy acquisition, we acquired Monster Brewing Company, a craft beer and hard seltzer company, in February 2022. We may continue to make acquisitions that expand our business within the beverage industry. Overall, the effectiveness of acquisitions can be less predictable than developing new lines of beverages and might no

=== MNST_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes, you should carefully consider the risks discussed in “Part I, Item 1A – Risk Factors” in our Form 10-K. If any of these risks occur or continue to occur, our business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating results could be materially adversely affected. We also note that the risk factors described in this report and our Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company, and such additional risks or uncertainties that we currently deem to be immaterial or are unknown to us could negatively impact our business, operations, or financial results. ​ ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS On August 19, 2024, the Company ’ s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program for the purchase of up to an additional $500.0 million of the Company ’ s outstanding common stock (the “ August 2024 Repurchase Plan ” ). During the three-months ended March 31, 2026, the Company purchased approximately 1.4 million shares of its common stock at an average purchase price of $73.86 per share, for a total amount of approximately $100.0 million under the August 2024 Repurchase Plan. As of May 6, 2026, approximately $400.0 million remained available for repurchase under the August 2024 Repurchase Plan. The aggregate amount of the Company ’ s outstanding common stock that remains available for repurchase under all previously authorized repurchase plans is approximately $400.0 million as of May 6, 2026. During the three-months ended March 31, 2026, 0.4 million shares of common stock were purchased from employees in lieu of cash payments for options exercised or withholding taxes due for a total amount of $33.9 million. While such purchases are considered common stock repurchases, they are not counted as purchases against the Company’s authorized share repurchase programs. Such shares are included in common stock in treasury in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2026. The following tabular summary reflects the Company’s repurchase activity during the quarter ended March 31, 2026. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Maximum Number (or ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Approximate Dollar ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Number of ​ Value) of Shares that ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Shares Purchased ​ May Yet Be Purchased ​ ​ Total Number ​ ​ ​ ​ as Part of Publicly ​ Under the Plans or ​ ​ of Shares ​ Average Price ​ Announced Plans ​ Programs Period ​ ​ ​ Purchased 1 ​ ​ ​ per Share ​ ​ ​ or Programs 2 ​ ​ ​ (In thousands) Jan 1 – Jan 31, 2026 ​ — ​ $ — ​ — ​ $ 500,000 Feb 1 – Feb 28, 2026 ​ 202 ​ $ 81.10 — ​ $ 500,000 Mar 1 – Mar 31, 2026 ​ 1,793,100 ​ $ 74.65 1,353,991 ​ $ 400,000 Total 1,793,302 ​ $ 74.65 1,353,991 ​ $ 400,000 1 The total number of shares purchased includes (1) shares repurchased, if any, pursuant to the August 2024 Repurchase Plan and (2) shares repurchased, if any, to satisfy exercise price and/or tax withholding obligations in connection with exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees. 2 On August 19, 2024, the Company publicly announced that its Board of Directors authorized the August 2024 Repurchase Plan. Board authorization of the repurchase plan remains in effect until shares in the amount authorized thereunder have been repurchased. ​ 39 Table of Contents ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ​ ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three-months ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or officers adopted , modified or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). ​ ITEM 6. EXHIBITS ​ ​ ​ 3.1 ​ ​ ​ Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K dated June 27, 2023). ​ ​ ​ 3.2 ​ Fourth Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 8-K dated November 7, 2024). ​ ​ ​ 31.1* ​ ​ Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ​ ​ ​ 31.2* ​ Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ​ ​ ​ 32.1* ​ Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ​ ​ ​ 32.2* ​ Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ​ ​ ​ 101* ​ The following financial information from Monster Beverage Corporation’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three-months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three-months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the three-months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three-months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, and (vi) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. ​ ​ ​ 104* ​ The cover page from Monster Beverage Corporation’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and contained in Exhibit 101. * Filed herewith. ​ 40 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ​ MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION ​ Registrant ​ ​ Date: May 7, 2026 /s/ HILTON H. SCHLOSBERG ​ Hilton H. Schlosberg ​ Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors ​ and Chief Executive Officer ​ ​ Date: May 7, 2026 /s/ THOMAS J. KELLY ​ Thomas J. Kelly ​ Chief Financial Officer ​ ​ 41 