=== MAR_2026-03-27.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under 240.14a-12 Marriott International, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter from Our Chairman and Lead Independent Director Dear Stockholder: The Board of Directors is incredibly proud of the work Marriott International and its associates have done to fulfill the company s purpose of connecting people through the power of travel. Last year, the company again delivered strong results and returned over $4.0 billion to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. We acquired the citizenM brand, introduced Series by Marriott SM , and launched the Outdoor Collection by Marriott Bonvoy SM knowing that having the best brands and experiences is what makes our portfolio so attractive and valuable to customers and hotel owners. To be in more places, we grew our worldwide portfolio to over 9,800 properties in 145 countries and territories as of year-end 2025. We also continued to enrich our Marriott Bonvoy travel platform with unique travel and related experiences across hotel stays and beyond, driving strong member engagement. At year-end, our powerful loyalty program had grown to nearly 271 million members. Associates remain our foundation. By growing great leaders, investing in associates, and creating access to opportunity, we are attracting the next generation of leaders to shape our future. We are also investing in technology, data, and artificial intelligence, and building a modern technology ecosystem that will add new digital retail capabilities for hotels and enhance the experience for guests and associates. As the company advances these and other initiatives, the Board remains keenly focused on maintaining strong governance and oversight of regulatory and other risks mindful that how we do business is as important as the business we do. We are pleased to invite you to our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 8, 2026, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. The meeting will be a virtual meeting conducted via audio webcast. Information on how to attend, submit questions, and vote during the meeting can be found within these proxy materials. We value your vote and encourage you to use one of the options laid out in the proxy to vote your shares whether or not you plan to attend the meeting. Earlier this year, Board member Debra Lee announced that she will retire from the Board in May and is not standing for reelection. Over more than two decades of service, Debi has helped guide the company through transformational growth and significant change while always remaining a steadfast champion of our culture and core values. As a member of our Inclusion and Social Impact Committee, and the committee chair since 2008, she has been integral in overseeing the company s efforts to create access to opportunity and connect people through the power of travel. We are grateful for her service. The Board is reducing its size to 12 with Debi s departure, but we remain confident the composition of our Board provides strong and independent leadership across a breadth of areas critical to the company s strategic priorities. A NOTE FROM DAVID MARRIOTT For nearly a century, Marriott s business strategy has remained rooted in our core values and fueled by a people-first culture that sets us apart. Last year I saw that culture on display all over the world as I traveled to more than 200 hotels, visited with associates, met with hotel owners and customers, and spoke with our business councils. Board members again joined me at some of these events experiencing Marriott s culture firsthand through hotel tours and meetings with associates and local company leaders. These experiences serve as a constant reminder that the core values established by my grandparents remain the foundation of our success and continue to inspire associates who live them every day in service of guests and each other. As we look forward to the rest of 2026 and beyond, I am energized by the exciting possibilities ahead. TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Friday, May 8, 2026 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time VIRTUAL MEETING ACCESS: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MAR2026 How to Vote Your Shares in Advance of the Annual Meeting (see pages 76 - 81 for details) BY TELEPHONE Using the toll-free phone number listed on the proxy card or voting instruction form VIA THE INTERNET Using the Internet and voting at the website listed on the proxy card or voting instruction form BY MAIL Completing, signing, and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form in the enclosed postage-paid envelope RECORD DATE Stockholders of record at the close of business on March 11, 2026 are entitled to notice of, to attend, and to vote at the Annual Meeting. DISTRIBUTION DATE This proxy statement is first being made available to our stockholders on March 27, 2026. To Our Stockholders: The 2026 annual meeting of stockholders ( Annual Meeting or 2026 Annual Meeting ) of Marriott International, Inc. ( we, us, our, Marriott, or the Company ) will be a virtual meeting held on Friday, May 8, 2026, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Stockholders of record as of the record date may join a live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MAR2026 . At the Annual Meeting, stockholders will act on the following items: 1 Election of each of the 12 director nominees named in the proxy statement; 2 Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026; 3 An advisory vote to approve executive compensation; and 4 Any other matters that may properly be presented at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. How to Attend: Stockholders of record as of the record date may attend the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MAR2026 by entering the 16-digit control number that appears on your proxy card. If your shares are held in street name and your voting instruction form indicates that you may vote those shares through the www.proxyvote.com website, then you may attend the Annual Meeting with the 16-digit access code indicated on that voting instruction form. Otherwise, stockholders who hold their shares in street name should contact their bank, broker or other nominee (preferably at least five days before the Annual Meeting) and obtain a legal proxy in order to be able to attend the Annual Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote and submit your proxy in advance by one of the methods described on this page. Stockholders who attend the meeting may also vote online during the Annual Meeting by following the instructions provided on the Annual Meeting website. Brokers are not permitted to vote on certain proposals and may elect not to vote on any of the proposals unless you provide voting instructions. Voting your shares will help ensure that your interests are represented at the Annual Meeting. For the convenience of our stockholders, proxies may be submitted by telephone, electronically through the Internet, or by completing, signing, and returning the enclosed proxy card. In addition, stockholders may elect to receive future stockholder communications, including proxy materials, through the Internet. Instructions for each of these options can be found in the enclosed materials. By order of the Board of Directors, Andrew P.C. Wright Secretary March 27, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents COMPANY HIGHLIGHTS 1 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 3 ITEMS TO BE VOTED ON 10 1 Election of Directors 10 2 Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2026 11 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 11 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 12 Board Leadership Structure 12 Board Composition 14 Selection of Director Nominees 16 Nominees to our Board of Directors 17 Director Attendance 29 Governance Principles 29 Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policies 29 Director Independence 29 Board Committees 31 Meetings of Independent and Non-Employee Directors 35 Board Refreshment 35 Board and CEO Evaluation Process 35 Director Orientation and Continuing Education 36 Risk Oversight 37 Stockholder Engagement 38 Stockholder Communications with the Board 38 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Guide 39 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT AND INDEPENDENT AUDITOR FEES 40 Report of the Audit Committee 40 Pre-Approval of Independent Auditor Fees and Services Policy 40 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fee Disclosure 41 EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 42 Report of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee 42 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 43 Executive Compensation Tables and Discussion 55 Director Compensation 67 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 70 STOCK OWNERSHIP 71 Stock Ownership of our Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Beneficial Owners 71 TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS 74 Policy on Transactions and Arrangements with Related Persons 75 INSIDER TRADING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 75 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MEETING 76 2026 Proxy Materials 76 Participating in the Annual Meeting 77 Voting Procedures 77 Other Matters 80 HOUSEHOLDING 82 OTHER MATTERS 82 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 83 EXHIBIT A A-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Company Highlights Our Company At Marriott, we never stop searching for innovative ways to serve our guests, provide opportunities for our associates, and grow our business. The company that began as a nine-seat root beer stand in 1927 has grown to a portfolio of over 9,800 properties in 145 countries and territories as of year-end 2025. We are recognized as a top employer and for our superior business operations, which we conduct based on five core values: put people first, pursue excellence, embrace change, act with integrity, and serve our world. Our Growing Forward Strategy Building on nearly a century of progress, our Growing Forward strategy guides our path to continued growth and success. Our Growing Forward strategy encapsulates our Company priorities, rooted in our core values, and guides us as we deliver on the promise of Marriott s unique brand of hospitality around the world. PATHS TO WIN Our strategy is anchored in three Paths to Win: Best Brands Experiences, Most Loyal Members, and Be in More Places. These Paths to Win guide how we set our priorities and measure our progress across the Company, how we advance our proven, asset-light business model, and how we strengthen our competitive advantage. Best Brands Experiences Having the best brands and experiences helps us to make our portfolio attractive and valuable to customers and hotel owners. Delivering an exceptional experience with our brands and travel offerings is the cornerstone of how we do business, allowing us to drive guest satisfaction and capture high-value customers who want to stay with us again and again. (1) Most Loyal Members Our Marriott Bonvoy program grew to nearly 271 million members at year-end 2025. Creating a Marriott Bonvoy member base that loves our brands, offerings, and benefits, and engages with us frequently is how we build loyalty and drive revenue. In addition to having the best brands and experiences, we are building value for Marriott Bonvoy members through credit card offerings, exciting loyalty partnerships, member experiences, and other travel products. Be In More Places Marriott is the largest hotel company in the world, but it s not just about being the biggest. We are focused on being in more places, and the right places, where our customers want to be, and having the right products to offer them from hotels to luxury villas to yachts all around the globe. Our hotel owners are essential to how we do business, and we are focused on continuing to create value for this important stakeholder group. (1) We use the term hotel owners throughout this proxy statement to refer, collectively, to owners of hotels and other lodging offerings operating in our system pursuant to franchise agreements, management agreements, license agreements, or similar arrangements, excluding Homes Villas by Marriott Bonvoy SM (which we also exclude from our property and room count), timeshare, residential, and The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection . 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Company Highlights RECENT Highlights We launched Marriott Bonvoy Outdoors, a new digital platform that enables travelers to discover and book their next trip across 450+ hotels, 50,000 Homes Villas, and curated Tours Activities that offer immediate access to some of the most popular outdoor activities. Alongside the platform, we unveiled a new brand, Outdoor Collection by Marriott Bonvoy, a curated portfolio offering exclusively outdoor-focused, design-forward stays set in remarkable destinations. We completed our acquisition of the innovative lifestyle brand citizenM. The brand is known for its genuine service, tech-savvy in-hotel experience, highly efficient use of space, and focus on art and design. In early 2026, we were once again named one of Fortune's World s Most Admired Companies, and ranked number one in the Hotels, Casinos, and Resorts category. We were also recognized in 2025 as a top 5 company on the World s Best Workplaces list by Great Place To Work and Fortune magazine. In May 2025, we introduced Series by Marriott, a new collection brand for the midscale and upscale lodging segments. Anchored by a founding multi-unit deal in India, the brand opened 37 properties (approximately 2,600 rooms) in 23 cities across that country by year-end 2025, and we continued to scale the brand with additional signings and openings in key markets in the U.S. Canada. We remained laser-focused on driving guest loyalty and hotel owner value through Marriott Bonvoy, our industry-leading travel platform. In 2025, we added approximately 43 million members to Marriott Bonvoy, bringing total loyalty program membership to nearly 271 million at year end. Our multi-year digital and technology transformation of our major technology systems is well underway. We believe that this powerful transformation encompassing our property management, reservations, and loyalty systems will enable the Company to have a first-class technology stack that will allow us to better leverage the power of artificial intelligence and position Marriott well for the future. As the Official Hotel Supporter in North America of the FIFA World Cup 2026, Marriott Bonvoy will bring fans together across the three host countries, providing a welcoming home base for unforgettable hotel stays and lifelong memories during the historic tournament. 2 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all information you should consider. Please read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. Voting Matters and the Recommendations of the Board of Directors (the Board ) Item Board recommends Reasons for recommendation See page 1 Election of Directors FOR each of the 12 director nominees The Board and its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believe the 12 director nominees each possess the skills, experience, and background to effectively monitor performance, provide oversight, and advise management on the Company s strategy. 10 2 Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 FOR Based on the Audit Committee s assessment of Ernst Young LLP s qualifications and performance, the Board believes retaining Ernst Young LLP for fiscal year 2026 is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 11 3 Advisory vote to approve executive compensation FOR The Board believes that the Company s current executive compensation program achieves an appropriate balance of long- and short-term performance incentives, reinforces the link between executive pay and the Company s long-term performance and stock value, and thereby aligns the interests of our Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ) with those of our stockholders. 11 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Our Director Nominees See Corporate Governance Nominees to our Board of Directors for more information. Each director is elected annually by a majority of votes cast. * As of the 2026 Annual Meeting. 4 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary The following table provides summary information about each director nominee. Name Occupation Age* Director since Independent Committee memberships** AC HRCC NCGC ISIC TISOC EC David S. Marriott Chairman of the Board, Marriott International, Inc. 52 2021 No MEMBER CHAIR Anthony G. Capuano President and Chief Executive Officer, Marriott International, Inc. 60 2021 No MEMBER MEMBER Isabella D. Goren Former Chief Financial Officer, American Airlines, Inc. and AMR Corporation 66 2022 Yes CHAIR MEMBER Deborah Marriott Harrison Global Cultural Ambassador Emeritus, Marriott International, Inc. 69 2014 No MEMBER Frederick A. Henderson (Lead Independent Director) Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, SunCoke Energy, Inc. 67 2013 Yes MEMBER CHAIR MEMBER Lauren R. Hobart President and Chief Executive Officer, DICK S Sporting Goods, Inc. 57 2023 Yes MEMBER MEMBER Aylwin B. Lewis Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Potbelly Corporation 71 2016 Yes MEMBER CHAIR MEMBER Margaret M. McCarthy Former Executive Vice President, CVS Health Corporation 72 2019 Yes MEMBER CHAIR Grant F. Reid Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Mars, Incorporated 67 2023 Yes MEMBER MEMBER Horacio D. Rozanski Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc. 58 2021 Yes MEMBER MEMBER Susan C. Schwab Professor Emerita, University of Maryland School of Public Policy and Strategic Advisor, Mayer Brown LLP 71 2015 Yes MEMBER MEMBER Sean C. Tresvant Chief Executive Officer, Taco Bell and Chief Consumer Officer, Yum! Brands, Inc. 56 2025 Yes MEMBER MEMBER Financial Expert AC: Audit Committee ISIC: Inclusion and Social Impact Committee HRCC: Human Resources and Compensation Committee TISOC: Technology and Information Security Oversight Committee NCGC: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee EC: Executive Committee * Ages as of the 2026 Annual Meeting. ** Debra L. Lee currently serves as the Chair of the Inclusion and Social Impact Committee and as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Executive Committee. Ms. Lee announced she will retire from the Board at the conclusion of her term and is not standing for reelection this year. 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Corporate Governance Highlights See Corporate Governance for more information. 6 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Executive Compensation Matters 2025 was a strong year. We delivered excellent results in 2025, reflecting the strength of our compelling brands, delivery of great experiences to our customers, and continued momentum in development activity. Relative to 2024, worldwide systemwide RevPAR increased 2.0%. (1) Full year 2025 reported net income totaled $2.601 billion and full year 2025 Adjusted EBITDA totaled $5.383 billion. (2) During 2025, we returned over $4 billion to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. Development activity was also strong as we signed nearly 1,200 development deals with hotel owners and other counterparties in 2025 (excluding our acquisition of the citizenM brand), representing approximately 163,000 rooms, and achieved strong net rooms growth of over 4.3% from year-end 2024. By year-end 2025, our worldwide system consisted of over 9,800 properties with more than 1.7 million rooms in 145 countries and territories. Our people are foundational to our strategy. Our associate engagement scores exceeded the Best Employer external benchmark, and we were recognized as a top 5 company on the World s Best Workplaces list by Great Place To Work and Fortune magazine in 2025. Finally, from a customer standpoint, we exceeded our 2025 goals for Marriott Bonvoy program member engagement and enrollments and increased guest satisfaction scores over the prior year. How We Tie Pay to Performance There is a strong correlation between our executive pay and Company performance. Our executive compensation program is designed to maintain this alignment, while also protecting the Company against inappropriate risk-taking and conflicts among the interests of the Company, its stockholders, and its executives. With these goals in mind, the Board and its Human Resources and Compensation Committee have implemented an executive compensation program that consists of the following key components: (1) Revenue Per Available Room ( RevPAR ) statistics are systemwide constant dollar. RevPAR comparisons between 2025 and 2024 reflect properties that are comparable in both years. (2) Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ( EBITDA ) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The reasons Marriott uses this non-GAAP financial measure and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable measure under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) are provided in Exhibit A. 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Majority of Compensation is Equity and At-Risk The following charts show the percentage breakdown of our NEOs target total direct compensation among base salary, at-risk target annual incentive, and target annual equity compensation for 2025. Alignment Between Company Performance and Annual Realizable Pay The following graph shows the historical alignment between Company performance (measured as total stockholder return ( TSR )) and the President and CEO s average annual Realizable Pay (as defined below) over three-year rolling periods. President and CEO Realizable Pay and Company TSR Performance * Realizable Pay is the sum of salary and bonuses paid, annual incentives earned, and balances of stock awards granted over each three-year period (including supplemental stock awards). Stock award balances are valued at the end of the three-year period and include the in-the-money value of SARs, and the value of PSUs (valued assuming actual performance) and RSUs granted during the three-year period. Realizable Pay is for Mr. Capuano for 2021-2025 and for Arne M. Sorenson, our former President and CEO, for 2019-2020. TSR reflects both stock price appreciation and reinvested dividends. The three-year TSR rolling percentage is determined using 60-day average opening and closing prices. 8 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Executive Compensation Best Practices Consistent with our commitment to executive compensation best practices, the Company maintained the following NEO compensation practices for 2025: What We Do Executive compensation is strongly linked to the Company s operating and financial performance and strategic business priorities The Human Resources and Compensation Committee follows a rigorous process in determining NEO pay, including detailed review of multiple short- and long-term performance factors and market compensation information The Human Resources and Compensation Committee emphasizes long-term pay and performance alignment by having long-term equity represent the largest component of annual target total direct compensation (approximately 65%-76% of total) and by having 50% of annual equity awards granted to the President and CEO be three-year PSUs The Human Resources and Compensation Committee considers progress on strategic human capital objectives as part of its determination of executive compensation The Human Resources and Compensation Committee reinforces its commitment to long-term performance through robust stock ownership requirements that discourage excessive risk-taking to achieve short-term returns. NEOs must retain 50% of the net after-tax shares under equity awards granted after becoming an NEO until they satisfy their applicable ownership requirement NEOs are subject to compensation clawback requirements that can be triggered by either an accounting restatement or by serious misconduct The Human Resources and Compensation Committee oversees and reviews an annual compensation risk assessment The Human Resources and Compensation Committee is composed solely of independent members of the Board and retains an independent compensation consultant We provide stockholders with an annual vote to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of the NEOs and are available for regular engagement with stockholders on the Company s compensation process and policies What We Do Not Do We do not have employment contracts with NEOs We do not offer defined benefit pension plans or supplemental executive retirement plans for our NEOs We do not provide tax gross-ups We do not have executive severance plans for our NEOs We do not provide single trigger change in control benefits We do not reprice options or SARs without stockholder approval, nor do we buy out underwater options or SARs We do not allow associates, including NEOs, or directors to engage in hedging or derivative transactions related to Marriott securities We do not allow directors or executive officers to hold Company stock in margin accounts or pledge such stock as collateral for loans, subject to limited exceptions for non-independent directors who are not executive officers We do not pay or accrue dividends or dividend equivalents on unvested or unexercised equity awards 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Items To Be Voted On Item 1 Election of Directors The 12 current directors listed below are standing for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. If elected, each director will hold office for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. David S. Marriott Anthony G. Capuano Isabella D. Goren Deborah M. Harrison Frederick A. Henderson Lauren R. Hobart Aylwin B. Lewis Margaret M. McCarthy Grant F. Reid Horacio D. Rozanski Susan C. Schwab Sean C. Tresvant You can find information on the director nominees in the Nominees to our Board of Directors section of this proxy statement. Each of the director nominees is currently a director of the Company and was last elected by stockholders at the Company s 2025 annual meeting to hold office until the 2026 Annual Meeting and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Each of the director nominees has consented to being named in this proxy statement and to serve if elected. However, if before proxies are voted at the Annual Meeting any of the nominees should become unable to serve or will not serve as a director, the Board may designate a substitute nominee or reduce the size of the Board. If the Board designates a substitute nominee, the persons named as proxies will vote FOR that substitute nominee. As previously disclosed and described elsewhere in this proxy statement, Debra L. Lee announced she will retire from the Board at the conclusion of her term and therefore she is not being nominated for reelection as a director. As a result, her term on the Board will end at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Over more than two decades of service, Ms. Lee has helped guide the Company through transformational growth and significant senior leadership transitions while always remaining a steadfast champion of our culture and core values. As an integral member of our Inclusion and Social Impact Committee, and the committee chair since 2008, she has been instrumental in overseeing the Company s efforts to create access to opportunity and connect people through the power of travel, and as a longstanding member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee she has helped drive the Board s leadership and composition. We are grateful for her significant contributions. With Ms. Lee s impending departure, the Board has reduced its size from 13 to 12, effective as of the expiration of Ms. Lee s term at the 2026 Annual Meeting. The Company s Bylaws prescribe the voting standard for election of directors as a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election, such as this one, where the number of nominees does not exceed the number of directors to be elected. Under this standard, a nominee must receive more FOR votes than AGAINST votes in order to be elected as a director. Under the Company s Governance Principles, if a nominee who already serves as a director is not elected, that nominee shall tender his or her resignation to the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will then recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. Within 90 days of the certification of election results, the Board will determine whether to accept or reject the resignation and will publicly disclose its decision promptly thereafter. In a contested election, where the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected (which is not the case at the Annual Meeting), the directors will be elected by a plurality of the shares present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the election of directors. The Board recommends that stockholders vote FOR each of the 12 director nominees. 10 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Items To Be Voted On Item 2 Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2026 The Audit Committee of the Board has appointed Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. Ernst Young LLP, a registered public accounting firm, has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm since May 3, 2002. Ernst Young LLP will examine and report to stockholders on the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. We expect that representatives of Ernst Young LLP will attend the Annual Meeting, have an opportunity to make a statement if they so desire, and be available to respond to appropriate questions. You can find information on pre-approval of independent auditor fees and Ernst Young LLP s fiscal year 2025 and 2024 fees in the Audit Committee Report and Independent Auditor Fees section of this proxy statement. Although the Audit Committee has discretionary authority to appoint the independent auditor, the Board is seeking stockholder ratification of the appointment of the independent auditor as a matter of good corporate governance. If stockholders do not ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP, the Audit Committee will take that into consideration when determining whether to continue the firm s engagement. Even if stockholders ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may select a different auditor at any time during the year if it determines doing so to be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Board recommends that stockholders vote FOR ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. Item 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation We are asking stockholders to approve a non-binding advisory resolution on the compensation of our NEOs, as disclosed in this proxy statement. Although the resolution, commonly referred to as a say-on-pay resolution, is non-binding, the Board and Human Resources and Compensation Committee value your opinions and will consider the outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions. After consideration of the vote of stockholders at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and consistent with the Board s recommendation, the Board s current policy is to hold an advisory vote on executive compensation on an annual basis, and accordingly, after the Annual Meeting, the next advisory vote on the compensation of our NEOs is expected to occur at our 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. We urge you to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) section of this proxy statement, which describes in detail how our executive compensation policies and procedures operate and are designed to achieve our compensation objectives, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and other related compensation tables and narrative, which provide detailed information on the compensation of our NEOs. The Board believes that our current executive compensation program achieves an appropriate balance of long- and short-term performance incentives, reinforces the link between executive pay and the Company s long-term performance and stock value, and thereby aligns the interests of our NEOs with those of our stockholders. In accordance with Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), and as a matter of good corporate governance, we are asking stockholders to approve the following advisory resolution at the Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that the stockholders of Marriott International, Inc. (the Company ) approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table and the related compensation tables, notes and narrative in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Board recommends that stockholders vote FOR approval of the advisory resolution to approve executive compensation. 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board Leadership Structure The Board has maintained separate Chairman and CEO roles and a Lead Independent Director role for many years. The Board reviews its leadership structure as part of its succession planning process. It continues to believe that separate Chairman and CEO roles, together with an experienced and engaged Lead Independent Director and independent committee oversight of key functions, provide robust oversight and independent leadership on the Board while maximizing the Company s unique advantages. Separate Board Chairman and CEO. The separate Chairman and CEO structure allows the Chairman to focus on leading the Board in its oversight and governance responsibilities and the CEO to focus on setting and executing our strategic plans and initiatives and leading the operations of the Company. Mr. David S. Marriott serves as the Chairman of the Board. The Board believes that Mr. Marriott s significant prior experience as a senior operations and sales executive of the Company, and his deep understanding of Marriott s history and culture, bring an important perspective to Board-level conversations and decision-making and make him well qualified to lead the Board in its oversight responsibilities. As Chairman, he provides leadership to the Board by, among other things, working with the President and CEO, the Lead Independent Director, and the Secretary to set Board calendars, develop agendas for Board meetings, facilitate the appropriate flow of information to Board members and the effective functioning of the Board and its committees, promote Board succession planning and the orientation of new directors, and support senior management succession planning. Mr. Marriott also serves as a key conduit between management, the Board, and the Marriott family, who have a significant ownership stake in the Company and a demonstrated commitment to its long-term success. The Board believes that the continued involvement of Marriott family members in responsible positions of the Company makes a significant contribution to the long-term value of our corporate name and identity, reinforces the culture and core values that are the bedrock of our success, and promotes associate engagement and retention. Thus, in addition to his role as Chairman, the Board has assigned Mr. Marriott additional responsibilities, which include promoting the Company s business, brands, culture, values and goodwill. He serves as an ambassador to the Company s associates, hotel owners, and the communities in which we operate, participates in internal Company events and represents the Company at external events, as requested by the President and CEO, senior executive leadership team or the Board. In doing so, Mr. Marriott continues the Marriott family s stewardship of the culture and core values that have empowered associates, taken care of guests, created opportunities for hotel owners, and fueled the Company for almost 100 years. In 2025, Mr. Marriott traveled around the world promoting the Company s business and culture, including visiting over 200 hotels, meeting with associates and hotel owners, speaking with business councils, engaging with customers, and representing the Company at a variety of external and internal events and conferences. Given the Marriott family s iconic status in the hospitality industry and deep historical perspective on the Company and its mission, as well as Mr. Marriott s prior experience in a variety of senior roles at the Company, the Board believes Mr. Marriott is uniquely qualified to serve in this role and that his service provides a competitive advantage to the Company. The Board considered that these additional responsibilities, combined with Mr. Marriott s responsibilities as Chairman, require significant time commitments and has established a chairman retainer fee reflective of such commitments. Mr. Anthony G. Tony Capuano has served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company since February 2021 and was additionally appointed President of the Company in February 2023. As President and CEO, Mr. Capuano leads the global operations of the Company and is responsible for the overall management and functioning of the Company. He is responsible for setting and overseeing the execution of the Company s business strategies, developing and implementing the Company s purpose and strategy, cultivating and advancing the Company s culture and values, and driving the Company s short- and long-term performance. Mr. Capuano oversees the senior executive leadership team and is also responsible for executive development and succession planning. Mr. Capuano reports to the Board, and the Board reviews his performance annually. Strong Lead Independent Director. Since 2013, the Board has maintained the position of Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director s responsibilities include presiding at regular executive sessions of the independent directors as well as meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, coordinating the activities of the independent directors, having the authority to convene meetings of the independent directors, and serving as a liaison between the Chairman, the President and CEO and the independent directors. The Lead Independent Director also reviews and approves, in consultation with both the Chairman and the President and CEO, Board meeting agendas and schedules, coordinates the evaluation of Board and committee performance, coordinates the assessment and evaluation of Board candidates, organizes and leads the Board s annual evaluation of the President and CEO, makes recommendations for changes to the Company s governance practices, and participates in direct engagement with major stockholders. The Lead Independent Director is a standing member of the Board s Executive Committee. The Board believes that the role of the Lead Independent Director provides strong Board leadership and appropriate independent oversight. The 12 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance independent directors of the Board appoint the Lead Independent Director annually. Since 2022, the independent directors have selected Mr. Frederick A. Fritz Henderson to serve as the Lead Independent Director. Mr. Henderson has served on the Board since 2013 and served as our Audit Committee chair from May 2014 to May 2022, and he has extensive experience serving in a variety of other public company board leadership roles. David Marriott Fritz Henderson Tony Capuano Chairman of the Board Lead Independent Director President and CEO Primary Responsibilities Focuses on Board oversight, functioning and governance matters Presides at meetings of the Board and of the stockholders Reviews and approves Board agendas and materials Advises the Lead Independent Director on Board composition, recruitment and succession planning Represents the Company at internal and external events to help further the Company s strategic goals and to promote the Company s business, brands, culture, values and goodwill Provides advice and counsel to the President and CEO Primary Responsibilities Coordinates the activities of the independent directors and presides at executive sessions of independent directors Reviews and approves Board agendas and materials Advises on director recruitment and recommends Board committee chairs Oversees the Board and committee evaluation process Organizes and leads the Board s annual evaluation of the President and CEO Works with the Chairman and the President and CEO to help ensure that management adequately addresses matters identified by the Board and the independent directors Provides advice and counsel to the President and CEO Primary Responsibilities Leads the Company s global business and is responsible for the Company s short- and long-term performance Leads the development and implementation of the Company s purpose and strategy Sets and manages the execution of the Company s business strategies Cultivates and advances the Company s culture and values Evaluates and develops the Company s executive leaders and succession plans and sets the Company s organizational structure Independent Committee Oversight. Our Audit, Human Resources and Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Technology and Information Security Oversight committees are composed solely of independent directors. Consequently, the independent directors directly oversee such critical items as the Company s financial statements, executive compensation, the selection and evaluation of directors, the development and implementation of our corporate governance programs, and technology, information security and privacy. Emeritus Designations Chairman Emeritus. J.W. Marriott, Jr., our former Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board, holds the title of Chairman Emeritus. As Chairman Emeritus, he may attend certain Board meetings or functions, but he is not a nominee for election and is not considered a member of the Board or a director as that term is used in our Amended and Restated Bylaws. He may not vote on any business coming before the Board, and he is not counted as a member of the Board for the purpose of determining a quorum or for any other purpose. He does not receive a salary in his capacity as Chairman Emeritus or compensation for attendance at Board meetings, although he may be reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred to attend such meetings or functions or other business expenses incurred in connection with his role as Chairman Emeritus. Director Emeritus. William J. Shaw, a former director and Vice Chairman of the Company, holds the title of Director Emeritus, but does not vote at or attend Board meetings and is not a nominee for election. 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board Composition The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates the composition of the Board at least annually to assess whether the skills, experience, characteristics, and other criteria established by the Board are currently represented on the Board as a whole, and by individual directors, and to assess the criteria that may be needed in the future in light of the Company s anticipated needs. In addition, while the Board does not maintain a formal diversity policy for Board membership, the Board believes that a board comprised of directors with a variety of backgrounds and experiences improves the dialogue and decision-making in the boardroom and contributes to overall board effectiveness. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seek to achieve a mix of such members, which they define broadly to include, among other things, differences in backgrounds, qualifications, experiences, viewpoints, geographic locations, education, skills and expertise, professional and industry experience, and personal characteristics. The Board believes the current directors, as a group and as individuals, embody such a mix and have the skills and expertise important to oversee our business and strategy. Director Nominees A majority of our director nominees are independent with a mix of short-, medium- and long-term tenure. Five of our 12 director nominees are female and seven are male, and three of our director nominees are people of color. * As of the 2026 Annual Meeting. 14 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Director Skills and Qualifications The skills matrix below summarizes some of the skills and expertise of the director nominees that we believe benefit our current business and strategy. We continue to evaluate the matrix against our needs and strategy so that it can serve as an effective tool for identifying director nominees who collectively have the complementary experience, knowledge, and abilities relevant to service on the Board. 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Selection of Director Nominees The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider candidates for Board membership suggested by its members, other Board members, management, and stockholders. As a stockholder, you may recommend any person for consideration as a nominee for director by writing to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, c/o Marriott International, Inc., Department 52/862, 7750 Wisconsin Avenue, Bethesda, Maryland 20814. Recommendations must include the name and address of the stockholder making the recommendation, a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of Class A common stock, biographical information about the individual recommended, and any other information the stockholder believes would be helpful to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in evaluating the individual recommended. The Board does not have specific requirements for eligibility to serve as a director. However, in evaluating candidates, regardless of how recommended, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the qualifications set out in the Company s Governance Principles, including: CHARACTER EXPERIENCE WILLINGNESS character, judgment, personal and professional ethics, integrity, values, and familiarity with national and international issues affecting business depth of experience, skills, and knowledge relevant to the Board and the Company s business, including the ability to provide effective oversight of long-term strategy and enterprise risk willingness to devote sufficient time to carry out the duties and responsibilities effectively In addition, as described above, when evaluating director candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers and discusses the extent to which a prospective nominee helps the Board achieve a mix of members that represent a variety of backgrounds and experiences. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee makes a recommendation to the full Board as to any persons it believes should be nominated by the Board, and the Board determines the nominees after considering the recommendation and report of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The procedures for considering candidates recommended by a stockholder for Board membership are consistent with the procedures for candidates recommended by members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, other members of the Board, or management. During 2025, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not utilize the services of a third-party executive search firm. 16 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Nominees to our Board of Directors Each of the following director nominees presently serves on our Board and their term of office will expire at the Annual Meeting. The age shown below for each director nominee is as of May 8, 2026, the date of the Annual Meeting. Each director nominee has been nominated to serve until the 2027 annual meeting and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Set forth below is each director nominee s biography as well as the qualifications and experiences each director nominee brings to our Board, in addition to the general qualifications discussed above. Chairman of the Board Age: 52 Joined the Board : 2021 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Executive (Chair) Inclusion and Social Impact Other Public Company Boards (Current) None Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) None David S. Marriott Chairman of the Board, Marriott International, Inc. Former President, U.S. Full Service Managed by Marriott Skills and Qualifications David is only the third Chairman of the Board in the Company s history. As the son of our Chairman Emeritus and the grandson of our founders, he embodies the culture of the Company and provides the Board a deep understanding of the Company s history, core values and mission. Prior to joining the Board, he served in a variety of operational, sales and leadership roles with the Company since 1999. As President, U.S. Full Service Managed by Marriott, the role he held immediately prior to joining the Board, he oversaw hotel operations, human resources, sales and marketing, finance, market strategy, information resources, and development and feasibility for more than 330 hotels operating under 14 brands in 34 states and French Polynesia. David leverages this experience and his lifetime around the Company to provide the Board valuable insight about the Company s operations and the hospitality industry. Career Highlights Chairman of the Board (2022 Present) President, U.S. Full Service Managed by Marriott (2018 2021) Chief Operations Officer, The Americas, Eastern Region (2010 2018) Various operations and sales roles within Marriott with increasing responsibility, including Market Vice President; Senior Vice President, Global Sales; Sales, Boston, MA and Arlington, VA; and Assistant Sous Chef, Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown Other Activities and Memberships JWM Family Enterprises, Inc., Member of the Board of Directors University of Utah, National Advisory Council The J. Willard Alice S. Marriott Foundation, Board of Trustees National Geographic Society, Board of Trustees 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Director Age: 60 Joined the Board: 2021 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Executive Inclusion and Social Impact Other Public Company Boards (Current) McDonald s Corporation Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) None Anthony G. Capuano President and CEO, Marriott International, Inc. Skills and Qualifications Tony has served in a variety of leadership roles at the Company since 1995 and has been instrumental in the Company s growth. Before his appointment as CEO in February 2021, Tony was Group President, Global Development, Design and Operations Services, where he led the strategic unit growth of all of Marriott s brands while overseeing the global design team as well as Marriott s global operating standards and protocols for thousands of properties around the world. His vast knowledge of the Company and its culture, and his deep experience and relationships in the hospitality industry, provide the Board valuable insights and perspective. Tony s service on the boards of directors and board committees of McDonald s Corporation and various not-for-profit entities provides additional industry and governance perspectives. Career Highlights Marriott International President and CEO (2023 present) CEO (2021 2023) Group President, Global Development, Design and Operations Services (2020 2021) Executive Vice President and Global Chief Development Officer (2009 2020) Senior Vice President of Full-Service Development for North America (2005 2008) Kenneth Leventhal and Company s Hospitality Consulting Group, Los Angeles, CA Laventhol Horwath s Leisure Time Advisory Group, Boston, MA Other Activities and Memberships Cornell Hotel Society The Cornell School of Hotel Administration, Dean s Advisory Board Member Business Roundtable, Member American Hotel and Lodging Association, Industry Real Estate Financial Advisory Council Save Venice, Inc., Trustee 18 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Independent Director Age: 66 Joined the Board: 2022 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Audit (Chair) Nominating and Corporate Governance Other Current Public Company Boards GE Aerospace Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) Gap, Inc. LyondellBasell Industries Isabella D. Goren Former Chief Financial Officer, American Airlines, Inc. and AMR Corporation Skills and Qualifications Bella brings to the Board and to our Audit Committee, which she chairs, deep financial expertise and wide-ranging global travel business experience. Her multifaceted career in the travel business spans almost 30 years and includes extensive experience in implementing complex global strategies and leading financial functions, customer technology and data analytics, loyalty programs, customer service organizations, and large-scale international operations. Her responsibilities at American Airlines also included human resources, revenue management, investor relations and marketing. In addition, her service on the boards of directors of various other public, private and not-for-profit organizations adds strategic and governance expertise to the Board. Career Highlights Chief Financial Officer, American Airlines, Inc. (American) and AMR Corporation (AMR) (2010 2013) Senior Vice President, Customer Relationship Marketing, American (2006 2010) Various roles of increasing responsibility with American, including finance, revenue management, human resources and global operational roles: Vice President, Interactive Marketing Vice President, Asia Pacific Operations Vice President, Customer Services Planning President, AMR Services Various Management Positions Other Activities and Memberships MassMutual Financial Group, Member of the Board of Directors Southern Methodist University, Lyle School of Engineering, Executive Board Member The University of Texas at Austin, Cockrell School of Engineering, Advisory Board Member 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Director Age: 69 Joined the Board: 2014 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Inclusion and Social Impact Other Current Public Company Boards None Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) None Deborah Marriott Harrison Global Cultural Ambassador Emeritus, Marriott International, Inc. Skills and Qualifications As the daughter of our Chairman Emeritus and the granddaughter of our founders, Debbie has extensive knowledge of the Company s culture, business and history. Her prior service as our Global Officer, Marriott Culture and Business Councils and continuing service as our Global Cultural Ambassador Emeritus provides the Board valuable insights into our culture and workforce. Debbie also provides the Board important judgment and perspectives on government relations and public policy from her experience leading our government affairs function, and she leverages her current and prior service on the boards of numerous not-for-profit entities to assist the Board with fulfilling its corporate governance responsibilities. Career Highlights Global Officer, Marriott Culture and Business Councils (2013 2019) Senior Vice President, Government Affairs (2007 2013) Vice President, Government Affairs (2006 2007) Various prior operations and accounting roles at Marriott International and Marriott hotels, including positions at the Key Bridge and Dallas Marriott hotels Other Activities and Memberships The J. Willard Alice S. Marriott Foundation, Board of Trustees Bill and Donna Marriott Foundation, Trustee Bridges from School to Work, Board of Trustees Wilmer Eye Institute, Board of Governors 20 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Lead Independent Director Age: 67 Lead Independent Director since: 2022 Joined the Board: 2013 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Audit Executive Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Other Current Public Company Boards Adient plc (Chair) Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) Arconic Corp. (Chair) Horizon Global Corp. Frederick A. Henderson Former Chairman and CEO, SunCoke Energy, Inc. Skills and Qualifications Having served in numerous executive and board leadership roles at other public companies throughout his career, Fritz brings significant leadership and governance experience to our Board and deep expertise in management and strategic planning. He also brings extensive international business experience having lived and worked in numerous countries over his career, and he has deep expertise in the fields of finance and accounting gained from his background as a chief financial officer. Career Highlights Principal, Hawksbill Group (2018 present), a diversified business and communications consulting firm Chairman and CEO, SunCoke Energy, Inc. (2011 2017) and SunCoke Energy Partners GP LLC (2013 2017) Senior Vice President, Sunoco (2010 2011) Various roles of increasing responsibility with General Motors (GM) for more than 25 years, including: President and CEO (2009) President and Chief Operating Officer (2008 2009) Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer (2006 2008) Chairman, GM Europe (2004 2006) Group Vice President and Regional President, GM Asia Pacific (2002 2004) Group Vice President and Regional President, GM Latin America, Africa and Middle East (2000 2002) Various other finance and operational roles starting in 1984 Other Activities and Memberships US Farathane Corporation, Member of the Board of Directors RESRG Automotive, Member of the Board of Directors, Chair 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Independent Director Age: 57 Joined the Board: 2023 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Human Resources and Compensation Technology and Information Security Oversight Other Current Public Company Boards DICK S Sporting Goods, Inc. Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) Yum! Brands, Inc. Lauren R. Hobart President and CEO, DICK S Sporting Goods, Inc. Skills and Qualifications Lauren brings to the Board executive leadership, strategic vision, marketing and digital acumen, and operational expertise gained from her senior executive roles at DICK S Sporting Goods, an omnichannel global retailer serving athletes, sneakerheads, and outdoor enthusiasts through its DICK S and Foot Locker brands, and PepsiCo. She provides the Board expertise in branding and marketing, e-commerce, digital operations, and consumer and employee engagement. In addition, Lauren brings extensive public company boardroom experience, and her status as the first non-family member CEO of DICK S Sporting Goods positions her to assist with governance matters unique to our Company. Career Highlights DICK S Sporting Goods, Inc. President and CEO (2021 present) President (2017 2021) Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Digital Officer (2017) Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer (2015 2017) Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer (2011 2015) PepsiCo, Inc. Chief Marketing Officer, Carbonated Soft Drinks (2009 2011) Senior marketing and strategic planning roles (1997 2009) Associate Vice President, Wells Fargo Co. (1993 1995) Account Officer, JPMorgan Chase Co. (1990 1993) Other Activities and Memberships DICK S Sporting Goods Foundation, President 22 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Independent Director Age: 71 Joined the Board: 2016 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Audit Human Resources and Compensation (Chair) Nominating and Corporate Governance Other Current Public Company Boards The Chefs Warehouse, Inc. Voya Financial, Inc. Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) None Aylwin B. Lewis Former Chairman, CEO and President, Potbelly Corporation Skills and Qualifications As a result of his numerous senior management positions at Yum! Brands, Kmart, Sears and Potbelly, Aylwin brings to the Board significant leadership experience; expertise in corporate branding, marketing, franchising and management of complex global businesses; and insights on meeting consumer needs while driving growth. His service on the boards of directors and board committees of various other public companies provides additional strategic and governance perspectives, and he has extensive knowledge of the hospitality industry from his prior service on the board of directors of Starwood Hotels Resorts. Aylwin holds an MBA in Human Resources Management from Houston Baptist University, and a BS degree in Hotel and Restaurant Management and BA degree in English from the University of Houston. Career Highlights Chairman, CEO and President, Potbelly Corporation (2008 2017) President and CEO, Sears Holdings Corporation (2005 2008); prior to being named CEO of Sears, Mr. Lewis was the President of Sears Holdings and CEO of Kmart and Sears Retail following Sears acquisition of Kmart in 2005 President and CEO, Kmart Holding Corporation (2004 2005) Various roles of increasing responsibility and leadership with Yum! Brands, Inc., including Chief Multi-Branding and Operating Officer (2003 2004), Chief Operating Officer (2000 2003), and Chief Operating Officer, Pizza Hut (1996 1997) Other Activities and Memberships Caliber Collision, Member of the Board of Directors 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Independent Director Age: 72 Joined the Board: 2019 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Audit Technology and Information Security Oversight (Chair) Other Current Public Company Boards Alignment Healthcare, Inc. American Electric Power Company, Inc. First American Financial Corp. Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) Brighthouse Financial, Inc. Margaret M. McCarthy Former Executive Vice President, CVS Health Corporation Skills and Qualifications As a former IT executive at multiple major companies, Meg brings significant information and technology expertise to the Board, including experience helping consumer-facing organizations manage transformational technology change as well as privacy and cybersecurity risks. From her senior leadership experience managing large groups of employees, complex processes and enterprise-critical technology, she is well-positioned to provide the Board and our Technology and Information Security Oversight Committee, which she chairs, with valuable insights into areas of critical importance to the operations of the Company, including information security, data privacy, and technology and innovation. Meg also brings extensive governance expertise gained from having served on various advisory boards, councils, and public and private company boards. Career Highlights Executive Vice President, CVS Health Corporation (2018 2019), a pharmacy healthcare provider Executive Vice President, Operations and Technology, Aetna Inc. (Aetna) (2010 2018), a healthcare benefits company Chief Information Officer and Vice President and Head of Business Solutions Delivery, Aetna (2003 2008) Senior Vice President, Information Technology, Cigna Corporation Chief Information Officer, Catholic Health Initiatives Chief Information Officer, Franciscan Health System Consultant, Andersen Consulting (now Accenture) Consulting Partner, Ernst Young 24 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Independent Director Age: 67 Joined the Board: 2023 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Audit Inclusion and Social Impact Other Current Public Company Boards None Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) None Grant F. Reid Former President and CEO, Mars, Incorporated Skills and Qualifications Grant brings years of experience as a global CEO with a proven track record in driving global business growth, consumer engagement, digital transformation, and purpose-led leadership. As President and CEO of Mars, Incorporated, a family-owned multinational manufacturer of confectionery, pet food and other food products and a provider of animal care services, Grant grew sales and expanded the workforce significantly and transformed Mars s portfolios through innovation and acquisitions. Grant s experience spanned advances in supply chain digitization, AI adoption, automation, data-driven decision-making, and the introduction of Mars Compass, a framework balancing strong financial performance with positive societal impact. Outside of Mars, at the invitation of King Charles III, he chaired a global CEO Task Force focused on scaling regenerative agriculture, served as a board member of Business for Inclusive Growth, and as a board member and co-chair of the Governance Committee of The Consumer Goods Forum. Career Highlights Mars, Incorporated President and CEO (2014 2022), and Member of the Board of Directors (2015 2022) Global President, Mars Chocolate (2009 2014) Global President, Mars Drinks (2007 2009) Executive Vice President, Sales and Customer Care (2001 2007) Various roles of increasing responsibility with Mars (1988 2001) Other Activities and Memberships The Vanguard Group, Member of the Board of Directors and Trustee CVC Capital Partners, Senior Operating Partner, a global alternative investment manager (2023 present) Sustainable Markets Initiative, Chair of the Agribusiness Task Force (2021 2024) 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Independent Director Age: 58 Joined the Board: 2021 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Human Resources and Compensation Technology and Information Security Oversight Other Current Public Company Boards Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc. Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) None Horacio D. Rozanski Chairman, CEO and President, Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc. Skills and Qualifications Horacio brings to the Board extensive senior leadership and global business experience and organizational management expertise gained from his role as Chairman, CEO and President of Booz Allen Hamilton, a global technology company. He has a strong background in technology, innovation, strategic transformation, and business strategy. In addition, having served as Booz Allen Hamilton s chief personnel officer and chief strategy and talent officer, Horacio has a deep understanding of managing and developing talent. Career Highlights Chairman, CEO and President, Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc. (Booz Allen) (2024 present) Various roles of increasing responsibility with Booz Allen since 1992, including: CEO and President (2015 2024) President and Chief Operating Officer (2014) Chief Operating Officer (2011 2014) Chief Strategy and Talent Officer (2010) Chief Personnel Officer (2003 2010) Vice President and various consulting roles (1992 2003) Other Activities and Memberships Children s National Hospital, Member of the Board of Directors, Chair U.S. Holocaust Museum s Committee on Conscience, Member Trump Kennedy Center Corporate Fund Board, Vice Chair Business Roundtable, Member 26 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Independent Director Age: 71 Joined the Board : 2015 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Human Resources and Compensation Technology and Information Security Oversight Other Current Public Company Boards Caterpillar, Inc. FedEx Corporation Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) The Boeing Company Susan C. Schwab Professor Emerita, University of Maryland School of Public Policy and Strategic Advisor , Mayer Brown LLP Skills and Qualifications Ambassador Schwab brings unique senior leadership and global and governmental perspectives to the Board s deliberations. Her experience leading large international trade negotiations and ongoing engagement in international geopolitical and economic and commercial matters positions her well to advise her fellow directors and our senior management on a wide range of key global issues facing the Company. Susan s government experience also allows her to advise the Company on the many challenges and opportunities that relate to government relations at home and abroad. As a result of Susan s prior business experience and current service on other Fortune 100 corporate boards, she brings expertise on a wide range of strategic, operational, corporate governance and compensation matters to the Board and the committees on which she sits. Career Highlights Professor Emerita (2020 present) and Professor (2009 2020), University of Maryland School of Public Policy Strategic Advisor, Mayer Brown LLP, a global law firm (2010 present) U.S. Trade Representative (2006 2009) and Deputy, U.S. Trade Representative (2005 2006) Vice Chancellor, University System of Maryland, and President and CEO, University System of Maryland Foundation (2004 2005) Dean, University of Maryland School of Public Policy (1995 2003) Director Corporate Business Development, Motorola, Inc. (1993 1995) Director-General, U.S. and Foreign Commercial Service (Assistant Secretary of Commerce) (1989 1993) Other Activities and Memberships National Foreign Trade Council, Member of the Board of Directors, Chair Business Council for International Understanding, Member of the Board of Directors The Conference Board, NYC, Vice Chair, Board of Trustees Signature Theatre, Arlington, VA, Member of the Board of Directors 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Independent Director Age: 56 Joined the Board : 2025 Marriott International Board Committee Memberships Inclusion and Social Impact Technology and Information Security Oversight Other Current Public Company Boards None Other Public Company Boards (Past Five Years) None Sean C. Tresvant CEO, Taco Bell and Chief Consumer Officer , Yum! Brands, Inc. Skills and Qualifications Sean brings to the Board expertise in corporate brand management, marketing, consumer insights and strategy, and franchise operations of a complex global business; significant leadership experience; and insights on business transformation while accelerating growth, as a result of his numerous senior management positions at Taco Bell, a global Mexican-inspired quick service restaurant (QSR) brand, and Yum! Brands, a leading operator and franchisor of QSRs. He has a strong background in business strategy, innovation, and technology. In addition, having spent over 15 years at NIKE, an athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories and services corporation, culminating in the role of Chief Marketing Officer for the Jordan Brand, Sean has a deep understanding of the consumer journey, creative collaborations, sponsorship, and omni-channel marketplace design. Career Highlights CEO of Taco Bell (2024 Present) and Chief Consumer Officer of Yum! Brands, Inc. (2025 Present) Global Chief Brand Strategy Officer, Taco Bell (2023 2024) Global Chief Brand Officer, Taco Bell (2022 2023) NIKE, Inc. Chief Marketing Officer for the Jordan Brand (2020 2021) Various senior marketing roles of increasing responsibility (2007 2020) Executive Brand Director, Time Inc. Sports Illustrated Senior Brand Manager, PepsiCo, Inc. Other Activities and Memberships Taco Bell Foundation, Vice Chairman Black Executive CMO Alliance (BECA), Founding Member 28 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Director Attendance The Board met five times in fiscal year 2025. The Company encourages all directors to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. All 13 directors nominated for election in 2025 attended the Company s 2025 annual meeting. During fiscal year 2025, no current director or director nominee attended fewer than 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and committees on which such director served. Governance Principles The Board has adopted Governance Principles that provide a framework for our governance processes. The portion of our Governance Principles addressing director independence appears below, and the full text of the Governance Principles can be found in the Investor Relations section of the Company s website (www.Marriott.com/Investor) by clicking on Governance and then Documents Charters. You also may request a copy from the Company s Secretary. Our Governance Principles establish the limit on the number of public company board memberships for the Company s directors at two, including the Company s Board, for directors who are chief executive officers of public companies, and four, including the Company s Board, for other directors. Additionally, our Governance Principles provide that members of our Audit Committee should not serve on more than three audit committees of public companies, including the Company s Audit Committee. All of our directors are in compliance with this policy. In light of these limits, as part of the annual director nomination process, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers a director s ability to devote sufficient time to prepare for and attend all Board and committee meetings and perform all Board and committee responsibilities. Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policies Our insider trading policy prohibits Marriott associates, officers, and directors from engaging in hedging or derivative transactions with respect to our equity securities, all directors and executive officers (as designated in accordance with Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) from holding our equity securities in a margin account, and all independent directors and executive officers (as designated in accordance with Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) from pledging our equity securities as collateral for a loan. Directors who are not determined to be independent but do not serve as executive officers are prohibited from pledging our equity securities as collateral for a loan without the prior approval of the Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director may approve or deny the request in his or her sole discretion, and may consider a variety of factors in evaluating a request, including, without limitation, the size of the pledge relative to the individual s other holdings, both direct and indirect, and Marriott s shares outstanding; the nature and size of the associated transaction and the risk of foreclosure, including the financial capacity to repay the loan; protections against the appearance of insider trading, including prohibitions on transactions during trading black-outs; and the ability to timely report transactions on Form 4. No such requests for approval were made in 2025. Director Independence Our Governance Principles include the following standards for director independence: 5. Independence of Directors. At least two-thirds of the directors shall be independent, provided that having fewer independent directors due to the departure, addition, or change in independent status of one or more directors is permissible temporarily, so long as the two-thirds requirement is again satisfied by the later of the next annual meeting of stockholders or nine months. To be considered independent under the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ), the Board must determine that a director has no relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director of Marriott. The Board has established the guidelines set forth below to assist it in determining director independence. For the purpose of this section 5, references to Marriott include any of Marriott s consolidated subsidiaries. a. A director is not independent if: (i) the director is, or has been within the preceding three years, employed by Marriott; (ii) the director or a family member is a current partner of Marriott s independent auditor, or was a partner or employee of Marriott s independent auditor and worked on the audit of Marriott at any time during the preceding three years; (iii) a family member of the director is, or has been within the preceding three years, employed by Marriott as an executive officer; (iv) the director or a family member is part of an interlocking directorate in which the director or family member is employed as an executive officer of another company where at any time during the preceding three years a present executive officer of Marriott at the same time serves or served on the compensation committee of that other company; (v) the director has accepted, or a family member has accepted, during any 12-month period within the preceding three years, more than $120,000 in compensation from Marriott, other than compensation for Board or Board committee service, compensation paid to a family member who is an employee (other than an executive officer) of Marriott, benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan, or non-discretionary compensation; (vi) the director or a family member is an executive officer of a charitable organization to which Marriott made discretionary charitable contributions in the current or any of the last three fiscal years that exceed five percent of that organization s 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance consolidated gross revenues for that year, or $200,000, whichever is more; or (vii) the director or a family member is a partner in, or a controlling stockholder or executive officer of, any organization to which Marriott made, or from which Marriott received, payments for property or services in the current or any of the last three fiscal years that exceed five percent of the recipient s consolidated gross revenues for that year, or $200,000, whichever is more, other than payments arising solely from investments in Marriott securities or payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching programs. b. The following commercial or charitable relationships are not relationships that would impair a Marriott director s independence: (i) service as an executive officer of another company which is indebted to Marriott, or to which Marriott is indebted, where the total amount of either company s indebtedness to the other is less than two percent of the total consolidated assets of the other company; and (ii) service by a Marriott director or a family member solely as a non-employee director or trustee of another entity or charitable organization that does business with, or receives charitable contributions from, Marriott. The Board annually reviews each director s independence and makes an affirmative determination regarding the independence of each director. c. For relationships not covered by the guidelines in paragraph (b) above, the determination of whether the relationship would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director of Marriott, and therefore whether the director would be independent, shall be made by the directors who satisfy the independence guidelines set forth in this section 5. The Board undertook its annual review of director independence in February 2026. As provided in the Governance Principles, the purpose of this review is to determine whether any relationships or transactions are inconsistent with a determination that the director or nominee is independent. During the February 2026 review, the Board recognized the former employment of Mr. J.W. Marriott, Jr. and Mr. David S. Marriott, Mrs. Deborah M. Harrison s role as Global Cultural Ambassador Emeritus, and the family relationships of Mr. J.W. Marriott, Jr., Mr. David S. Marriott, and Mrs. Harrison discussed elsewhere in this proxy statement. Based on the standards set forth in the Governance Principles, the Board affirmatively determined that Ms. Goren, Mr. Henderson, Ms. Hobart, Ms. Lee, Mr. Lewis, Ms. McCarthy, Mr. Reid, Mr. Rozanski, Ambassador Schwab, and Mr. Tresvant are each independent of the Company and its management. In making this determination, the Board found that none of these directors had a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director of Marriott. Mr. Anthony Capuano, Mrs. Harrison, and Mr. David S. Marriott are considered not independent as a result of their current or former employment with the Company and/or family relationships. 30 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board Committees The Board has six standing committees: Audit; Human Resources and Compensation; Nominating and Corporate Governance; Inclusion and Social Impact; Technology and Information Security Oversight; and Executive. The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee, Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent under the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Listing Standards, including the standards applicable to compensation committee members, and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), that all members of the Audit Committee meet the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication, and that Ms. Goren, Mr. Henderson, and Mr. Lewis are audit committee financial experts as defined in SEC rules. The Board has adopted a written charter for each committee, and those charters are available on the Investor Relations section of our website ( www.Marriott.com/Investor ) by clicking on Governance and then Documents Charters. You also may request copies of the committee charters from the Company s Secretary. The table below indicates the current members of the applicable Board committee, the primary responsibilities of such committee, and the number of meetings held in 2025. Excluding the Executive Committee, which does not meet on a regular basis, three of the Board s five standing committees are currently chaired by women, and two of the Board s five standing committees are currently chaired by people of color. Audit Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 8 Current Members Key Responsibilities Oversee accounting and financial reporting, including the audit of our financial statements and internal control environment. Appoint and retain our independent registered public accounting firm, manage its compensation, and oversee its work. Oversee the performance of the internal audit function. Oversee compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Review and consider related party transactions and policies regarding related party transactions. Oversee risk management, including efforts to promote the safety and security of guests and associates. Review and approve the Company s use of swaps and other derivative instruments. Recent Committee Focus Areas In addition to its key responsibilities, during 2025 the Committee s oversight included, among other things: At each quarterly meeting, representatives of Ernst Young LLP and finance management were present to review accounting, internal control, auditing, and financial reporting matters. The Committee also holds regular private sessions with the Company s Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Chief Audit Executive, Chief Compliance Officer and representatives of Ernst Young LLP; and Discussing and receiving briefings from management on matters related to accounting, loyalty, operational resilience, insurance, tax, treasury, finance processes and systems, and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. For additional information, please see the Report of the Audit Committee section of this proxy statement below. Isabella D. Goren CHAIR Frederick A. Henderson Aylwin B. Lewis Margaret M. McCarthy Grant F. Reid 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Human Resources and Compensation Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 5 Current Members Key Responsibilities Review the philosophy and design of our executive compensation program. Review and recommend to the Board the compensation of the President and CEO. Review and recommend to the Board our incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans. Review and approve or recommend to the Board, as applicable, senior executive development and compensation programs and oversee senior executives evaluations and plans for executive succession. Oversee our clawback and stock ownership policies. Oversee other human resources strategies and policies, including culture and associate engagement, talent development and retention, organizational effectiveness and efforts to promote the personal health and well-being of associates. Recent Committee Focus Areas In addition to its key responsibilities, during 2025 the Committee s oversight included, among other things: Receiving updates from our President and CEO, Chief Human Resources Officer, other members of management, and outside compensation advisors concerning executive compensation policies and trends, talent development and management, and associate well-being; Reviewing and approving senior executive compensation; Overseeing the Company s senior executive development and succession planning and associate engagement initiatives; and Continuing its oversight of the Company s executive protection program. For additional information, please see the Report of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee section of this proxy statement below. Aylwin B. Lewis CHAIR Lauren R. Hobart Horacio D. Rozanski Susan C. Schwab Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 6 Current Members Key Responsibilities Review and make recommendations to the Board regarding corporate governance documents and related matters (including any necessary modifications to the Governance Principles). Review and make recommendations to the Board regarding the size and composition of the Board and its committees and identify, evaluate, and recruit individuals to become Board members. Review and recommend to the Board planning for CEO succession. Oversee the Board s orientation and evaluation processes. Review policies for political activities, lobbying and related contributions. Recent Committee Focus Areas In addition to its key responsibilities, during 2025 the Committee s oversight included, among other things: Continuing its review of short-term and long-term Board refreshment needs and recommending candidates for election to the Board; Reviewing the Company s Governance Principles and governance-related practices and disclosure, including as relates to Board recruitment, composition and retirement age practices; Overseeing preparation of the Company s proxy and off-season investor engagement strategies; and Evaluating emerging governance issues and practices and related legal and regulatory matters. Frederick A. Henderson CHAIR Isabella D. Goren Debra L. Lee Aylwin B. Lewis 32 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Inclusion and Social Impact Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 4 Current Members Key Responsibilities Oversee, review, and provide guidance to the Board and management regarding strategies, policies, and risks related to cultivating and advancing the Company s efforts to: Welcome all and create a sense of belonging; Provide access to opportunity for the Company s various stakeholders; Make the communities and environments where the Company operates better places to live, work, and visit; and Focus on sustainability and resilience in operations. Recent Committee Focus Areas In addition to its key responsibilities, during 2025 the Committee s oversight included, among other things: Reviewing the Company s Serve 360 goals, progress and reporting, and discussing the Company s next generation Serve 360 goals; Discussing sustainability, social impact, associate well-being and opportunity, and legal and regulatory developments in areas related to the committee s oversight; and Overseeing the Company s sustainability and operational resiliency strategies. Debra L. Lee CHAIR Anthony G. Capuano Deborah M. Harrison David S. Marriott Grant F. Reid Sean C. Tresvant 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Technology and Information Security Oversight Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 4 Current Members Key Responsibilities In the context of technology, cybersecurity and privacy matters, review strategy and investments, the progress of major projects and decisions, and disaster recovery and business continuity planning. Review with management emerging technologies and other trends in technology, including how the Company monitors emerging technologies and trends, such as artificial intelligence, use of large language models, machine learning, and quantum computing; how such technologies are, or may be incorporated into, the Company s operations, services and strategies; and opportunities, threats, and risks introduced by such technologies. Review privacy and information security policies and programs. Review with management significant privacy and information security incidents, including response and recovery plans. Oversee significant regulatory and compliance matters in technology, cybersecurity and privacy matters. Recent Committee Focus Areas In addition to its key responsibilities, during 2025 the Committee s oversight included, among other things: Receiving quarterly reports from our global information security team and other members of management concerning our information security and data privacy programs and related matters; Overseeing the Company s multi-year, company-wide digital and technology transformation; Discussing the Company s strategies and policies related to emerging technologies and artificial intelligence; and Reviewing the Company s enterprise and regional technology and information security strategies. Margaret M. McCarthy CHAIR Lauren R. Hobart Horacio D. Rozanski Susan C. Schwab Sean C. Tresvant The Board also maintains an Executive Committee that is chaired by Mr. Marriott and on which Mr. Capuano, Mr. Henderson and Ms. Lee serve as members. The Executive Committee s responsibilities include exercising the powers of the Board when it is not in session, subject to specific restrictions as to powers retained by the full Board. The Executive Committee did not meet in 2025. 34 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Meetings of Independent and Non-Employee Directors Company policy requires that the independent directors meet in executive session without management present at least twice a year. In 2025, the independent directors and non-employee directors met six times without management present and the independent directors met privately four times. The Lead Independent Director presides at the meetings of the independent directors. Board Refreshment The Board has established a robust Board refreshment process so that the backgrounds and experiences of our Board members are consistent with the needs of the business and our Board reflects a balance of perspectives from shorter- and longer-tenured members. Under the oversight of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board refreshment process includes regular review of Board composition and needs, the comprehensive annual Board evaluation process described below, and ongoing reviews of external candidates. As a result, seven of our 12 nominees have joined the Board within the last five years, including five independent members who have joined the Board since the beginning of 2021. Board and CEO Evaluation Process The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the design and implementation of our annual Board and committee evaluation process and annually reviews the process. The process includes the following components: Annual Board and Committee Questionnaires. Directors provide their assessments of the effectiveness of the Board and the committees on which they serve via written questionnaires. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the assessments, and they are summarized for discussion with the Board and the respective committees during executive sessions. One-on-One Interviews. On a rotating basis, the Chairman of the Board or the Lead Independent Director meet with each director individually. This process is designed to provide additional feedback on Board composition, overall Board effectiveness, and individual director performance and contributions. Ongoing Feedback. Directors provide ongoing, real-time feedback on Board practices and effectiveness throughout the year outside of the formal evaluation process, including in executive sessions after regularly scheduled Board and committee meetings and in informal discussions outside of Board meetings with the Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent Director, and the President and CEO and other members of management. Board Leadership Discussions. The Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent Director, and the President and CEO jointly review the contributions and performance of each director annually. The evaluation process is an important determinant for Board tenure, and both the Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consider the results of the process as part of the nomination and selection process for both the Board and its committees and to assess whether changes to the Board s composition or practices are appropriate. The Board also annually reviews the President and CEO s performance. The Lead Independent Director organizes and leads the evaluation in collaboration with the chair of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee and the Chairman of the Board. 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Director Orientation and Continuing Education All new directors participate in our director orientation program. This orientation program includes a thorough review of background material, meetings with Board members and senior management, and Company education sessions. The orientation allows new directors to become familiar with our industry and our business and strategic plans; significant financial matters; core values, including ethics, compliance programs and corporate governance practices; and other key policies and practices. We also facilitate and encourage the participation of all Board members in continuing education programs, at the Company s expense, that are relevant to the business and affairs of the Company and the fulfillment of the directors responsibilities as members of our Board and its committees. In 2025, in addition to presentations and discussions at our Board meetings and regular ongoing contact with management, our continuing education efforts included the following: Provided memberships and subscriptions to boardroom news resource platforms and leading director education associations, including the National Association of Corporate Directors. Hosted education sessions for the Board led by internal and external experts, including sessions related to brand and marketing innovation and franchise operations. Involved Board members in events, forums, and activities relevant to the responsibilities of board members and/or the business and affairs of the Company, including those that further enhanced their understanding and appreciation of our culture and core values such as Serve 360 events and our annual Awards of Excellence program. Hosted Board meetings at properties in a variety of locations to enhance the Board s exposure to our brands and offerings. In conjunction with each Board meeting, we conducted local market hotel tours or hosted other events that allowed directors to meet and interact with on-property associates and above-property management associates. 36 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Risk Oversight The Board is responsible for overseeing the Company s processes for assessing and managing risk. The Board considers our risk profile when reviewing our annual business plan and incorporates risk assessment into its decisions impacting the Company. Risks are identified and managed in connection with the Company s robust enterprise risk management process, and in performing its oversight responsibilities, the Board reviews with management the most significant enterprise risks that have been identified by both the Board and management, including strategic, operational, financial, external/regulatory, industry, and reputational risks, as well as management s process and resources needed for addressing and mitigating the short- and long-term potential effects of such risks. The Board continuously evaluates its approach in addressing top risks as circumstances evolve, and the Company s risk oversight processes and disclosure controls and procedures are designed to appropriately escalate key risks to the Board as well as to analyze potential risks for disclosure. Board of Directors The Board receives regular updates from management with respect to various enterprise risk management issues, including updates on governance processes associated with managing risks, the status of projects to strengthen the Company s risk mitigation efforts, and recent incidents impacting the industry and threat landscape. The Board receives updates through presentations, written materials, teleconferences, and other appropriate means of communication, with opportunities for questions, robust discussion and feedback. Throughout the year, a portion of the Board and relevant committee meetings are dedicated to reviewing and discussing specific risk topics in greater detail, which in 2025 included discussions related to geopolitical conditions, industry trends and threats, information security and emerging technologies, technology-related projects, safety and security, legal and policy developments and risks, sustainability and climate, and talent and workforce matters. In addition, each regular Board meeting includes a report by the President and CEO that includes discussion of the most significant issues affecting the Company, and the Board receives periodic updates on certain risks and global trends and conditions that may impact the Company s strategy and financial performance. The Board has delegated to its committees responsibility for further oversight of specific risks that fall within the committees areas of responsibility, as summarized below. The committees regularly report back to the full Board. Audit Technology and Information Security Oversight Reviews and discusses the Company s business and financial risk management and risk assessment policies and procedures with senior management, the Company s independent auditor, and/or the Chief Audit Executive, including matters related to disaster recovery, business continuity, foreign currency, and risk disclosure. Primarily responsible for hiring and evaluating our independent registered public accounting firm, reviewing our internal controls, and overseeing our internal audit function. Oversees risks related to certain legal and compliance matters, including fraud and ethics, the Company s compliance systems, and policies and procedures related to related party transactions and conflicts of interest. Oversees the Company s insurance risks and efforts to promote the safety and security of guests and associates. Oversees the Company s information security and privacy risks and the steps taken to monitor and mitigate those exposures. Our global information security team and other members of management regularly report to the committee on topics related to information security and privacy risks and readiness, including with respect to resources deployed to identify, assess and mitigate such risks. Information security and privacy risks are also discussed with the full Board, including in education sessions, as part of regular legal updates and management presentations, and as part of the Board s oversight of enterprise risk management. Reviews emerging technologies and other trends in technology, including how the Company monitors emerging technologies and trends, such as artificial intelligence, use of large language models, machine learning, and quantum computing; how such technologies are, or may be incorporated into, the Company s operations, services and strategies; and opportunities, threats, and risks introduced by such technologies. Human Resources and Compensation Oversees risks related to the Company s human resources policies and practices, including executive development and succession, director and executive compensation and benefits, and other matters pertaining to talent management and organizational effectiveness. Oversees the assessment of risks relating to the Company s compensation policies and programs, including whether the amount and components of compensation and the design of compensation programs might create incentives for excessive risk-taking. Inclusion and Social Impact Oversees risks related to cultivating and advancing the Company s efforts to welcome all and create a sense of belonging, provide access to opportunity for all, make the communities and environments where the Company operates better places to live, work, and visit, and focus on sustainability and resilience in operations. These matters are also discussed with the full Board as part of regular updates and management presentations, and as part of the Board s oversight of enterprise risk management. Nominating and Corporate Governance Monitors the Company s processes to maintain proper corporate governance standards and oversees risks related to Board leadership, composition and refreshment. Reviews the Company s policies governing political contributions, lobbying, and personal political activities, including efforts to assess and manage risks relating to political activities and expenditures. 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Stockholder Engagement We value the insights and perspectives of our stockholders and have extensive engagement with the investment community throughout the year, including as follows: From time to time, the Lead Independent Director participates in discussions with stockholders to discuss proxy items or other issues where Board-level involvement is appropriate. Feedback from these discussions, proxy season developments, and voting results and trends are shared with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the full Board, as needed. Our relevant subject matter experts engage with stockholders on a variety of matters related to the Company, including executive compensation, Board governance and composition, risk oversight, sustainability, and a variety of social issues. These discussions help foster a dialogue around governance practices and additional topics of interest to our investors, and we consider potential changes to governance or compensation practices, public disclosures or other practices in light of investor feedback. Our Investor Relations team regularly speaks with existing and prospective investors in individual and group meetings, as well as at investor conferences. These meetings can include participation by our President and CEO, our Chief Financial Officer, or other senior executives. Discussions cover a wide variety of topics that help augment investors understanding of the Company, including an overview of business trends; our corporate strategy, priorities and goals; our financial performance; and our outlook. During these meetings, we also seek investors input and feedback so we can remain well informed regarding their perspectives. Our quarterly earnings calls are another key aspect of our investor engagement process. During the calls, our President and CEO and our Chief Financial Officer provide prepared remarks and respond to analyst questions regarding historical results, current business trends, the Company s strategies, and the outlook for future periods. We post transcripts from our earnings calls and webcast presentations at investor conferences on our Investor Relations website, where stockholders can also find earnings press releases, Serve 360 reports, stock information, and other financial, operational and governance information. The feedback received from our stockholder engagement is regularly summarized and shared with our Board to help inform our decision-making, enhance our corporate disclosures, and shape our future practices. In total, during 2025, we spoke with investors from approximately 300 institutions in individual and group meetings and at conferences. These investors represent a majority of our institutional investor base. Stockholder Communications with the Board Stockholders and others interested in communicating with the Lead Independent Director, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Audit Committee, or the non-employee directors may do so by email to business.ethics@marriott.com or by writing to the Business Ethics Department, Department 52/923, 7750 Wisconsin Avenue, Bethesda, Maryland 20814. Communications are forwarded to the appropriate directors for their review, except that the Board has instructed the Company not to forward solicitations, bulk mail or communications that do not address Company-related issues. The Company reports to the directors on the status of outstanding concerns addressed to the non-employee directors, the Lead Independent Director, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, or the Audit Committee on a regular basis. The non-employee directors, the Lead Independent Director, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and the Audit Committee may direct special procedures, including the retention of outside advisors or counsel, for any concern addressed to them. 38 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Guide The Company has long maintained and enforced a Code of Ethics that applies to all Marriott associates, including our President and CEO, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer, and to each member of the Board. The Code of Ethics is encompassed in our Business Conduct Guide, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website ( www.Marriott.com/Investor ) by clicking on Governance and then Documents Charters. We intend to post on that website any future changes or amendments to our Code of Ethics, and any waiver of our Code of Ethics that applies to any of our executive officers or a member of our Board, within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit Committee Report and Independent Auditor Fees Report of the Audit Committee The Audit Committee reviews the Company s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements, the reporting process, and maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting. The Company s independent auditor is engaged to audit and express opinions on the conformity of the Company s financial statements to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. In this context, the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements together with the results of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting with management and the Company s independent auditor. The Audit Committee also discussed with the independent auditor those matters required to be discussed by the independent auditor with the Audit Committee under applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) and the SEC. The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures along with the annual communication of independence, including direct discussion with the independent auditor regarding the independent auditor s independence, in accordance with the applicable requirements of the PCAOB. Relying on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee approved the inclusion of the audited financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, for filing with the SEC. Members of the Audit Committee: Isabella D. Goren (Chair) Frederick A. Henderson Aylwin B. Lewis Margaret M. McCarthy Grant F. Reid Pre-Approval of Independent Auditor Fees and Services Policy The Audit Committee s Pre-Approval of Independent Auditor Fees and Services Policy provides for pre-approval of all audit, audit-related, tax and other permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditor on an annual basis and additional services as needed. The policy also requires additional approval of any engagements that were previously approved but are anticipated to exceed pre-approved fee levels. The policy permits the Audit Committee Chair to pre-approve independent auditor services with estimated fees up to $100,000 (provided that the Audit Committee Chair reports to the full Audit Committee at the next meeting on any pre-approval determinations). 40 Marriott International, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit Committee Report and Independent Auditor Fees Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fee Disclosure The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for the audit of our annual financial statements for 2025 and 2024 and fees billed for audit-related services, tax services and all other services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for 2025 and 2024. The Audit Committee approved all of the fees presented in the table below. Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees Paid Related to 2025 Ernst Young LLP ($) Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees Paid Related to 2024 Ernst Young LLP ($) Audit Fees: Consolidated Audit (1) 8,549,000 8,141,000 International Statutory Audits and Other (2) 3,243,000 2,374,000 11,792,000 10,515,000 Audit-Related Fees (3) 1,501,000 1,124,000 Tax Fees (4) 476,000 534,000 Total Fees 13,769,000 12,173,000 (1) Principally fees for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, the audit of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the auditors review of the Company s quarterly financial statements, and services provided in connection with the Company s regulatory filings. (2) Fees for statutory audits of our international subsidiaries and Other Audit Fees. (3) Principally audits as required under agreements with hotel owners. (4) Principally tax compliance services related to our international entities. 2026 Proxy Statement Marriott International, Inc. 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive and Director Compensation Report of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee Marriott is consistently recognized as a global hospitality leader. The Company believes that building a culture of strong and consistent leadership is essential to long-term success in the hospitality industry. In fact, Marriott s long history of service, innovation, and growth is built on our core value of putting people first. Our talent strategy is foundational to the Company s success. Each of the NEOs is a long-standing member of our senior management team, averaging more than 25 years of hospitality experience with the Company. In 2025, our NEOs made significant contributions to achieving the Company s financial and business priorities, while driving strategic Company expansion and supporting leadership transitions in key roles. In 2025, the Committee provided oversight during a period of organizational restructuring and leadership realignment to help ensure that compensation decisions supported continuity, internal development and strategic objectives. Our Company s culture is reflected in, and reinforced by, the design and implementation of the Company s executive compensation program, which emphasizes the following principles: There should be a strong correlation between NEO pay and Company performance. Therefore, a substantial porti