=== MAR_2026-02-10.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. We are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, these risks could cause 10 Table of Contents results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this report or in other Company communications. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face, and our business could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Risks Relating to Our Industry Our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully for guests . We operate in markets that contain many competitors. Our hotel brands and other lodging offerings generally compete with regional, national, and international chains that operate lodging properties or franchise their brands, lodging properties that are not affiliated with a chain, and online platforms that allow travelers to book short-term rentals of homes and apartments. Our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business, group, and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing and driving preference for our lodging products and services, including our Loyalty Program, direct digital channels, consumer-facing technology platforms and services, our co-branded credit cards, and other offerings. If we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to maintain or increase room rates or occupancy in those markets. Economic and other global, national, and regional conditions and events have in the past materially impacted, and could in the future materially impact, our business, operations, financial results, and growth . Because we conduct our business on a global scale, we are affected by changes and uncertainties in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as trade, travel, spending, immigration, labor, healthcare, and related issues), and geopolitical, public health, social and other conditions and events. Our business, financial results, and growth are impacted by weak or volatile economic conditions; pandemics and other outbreaks of disease; natural and man-made disasters; changes in energy prices, interest rates, inflation, and currency values; political instability, geopolitical disputes or conflict, actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, civil unrest and other acts of violence; heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, and disruptions in air and ground travel; and concerns over the foregoing. These conditions and events have in the past materially negatively impacted, and could in the future materially negatively impact, our business, operations, financial results, and growth in many ways, including, but not limited to, as follows: • reducing revenues at hotels in our system, impacting our fees and the ability of hotels to meet expenses, including payment of amounts owed to us; • reducing revenues we receive from other programs and offerings; • adversely affecting the value of our owned and leased properties or investments; • affecting the ability or willingness of hotel owners to service, repay or refinance existing indebtedness or similar obligations, including loans or guaranty advances we have made to or for them; • making it more difficult for hotel owners to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms, or at all; • causing hotel construction, opening, and renovation delays; • decreasing the rate at which new projects enter our pipeline; • causing hotels to exit our system; • increasing operating costs; • requiring us to borrow or otherwise raise a significant amount of cash in order to preserve financial flexibility, repay maturing debt and manage debt maturities; • causing the terms of our borrowing to be more expensive or more restrictive; and • adversely affecting associate hiring and retention. The conditions and events discussed in this risk factor could also give rise to, aggravate, and impact our ability to allocate resources to mitigate the other risks that we identify below, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Relating to Our Business Operational Risks Premature termination of our agreements with hotel owners could materially hurt our financial performance . Our agreements with hotel owners may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner, the failure of a hotel owner to comply with its payment or other obligations under the agreement, a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria which we do not cure, or in certain limited cases, other negotiated contractual termination rights. Hotel owners may assert the right to terminate our agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our agreements and may do so in the future. When terminations occur for certain of these or other reasons, we may seek to enforce our right to damages for breach of 11 Table of Contents contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. We have in the past had, and could in the future have, difficulty collecting damages from the hotel owner, and any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the agreement with the hotel owner. A significant loss of these agreements could materially hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business. Disagreements with hotel owners and other counterparties could materially impact our business, operations, financial results, and growth. Consistent with our focus on franchising, management, and licensing, we own very few of our lodging properties. The nature of our rights and responsibilities under our agreements with hotel owners and other counterparties may be subject to interpretation. From time to time this gives rise to disagreements with such parties, including over new product, service, or systems initiatives and their associated costs, the timing and amount of capital investments, and reimbursement for operating costs, system costs, or other amounts. We have seen, and may in the future see, an increase in such disagreements during periods when hotel returns are weaker. We seek to resolve any disagreements and to develop and maintain positive relations with our hotel owners and other counterparties, but we cannot always do so. Failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in arbitration or litigation. We could suffer significant losses, reduced profits, or constraints on our operations or growth as the result of adverse dispute resolution outcomes. Changes in the way hotel rooms are booked could adversely impact our business . Some of our hotel rooms are booked through Internet travel intermediaries. In addition to their focus on leisure travel, these intermediaries also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. Intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract guests, including the purchase by certain companies of trademarked online keywords such as “Marriott” from Internet search engines. Internet search engines may also divert business away from our direct digital channels to intermediaries. Many intermediaries also operate their own loyalty programs designed to foster customer loyalty to their platforms, which could erode loyalty to our brands, offerings, and direct digital channels. Bookings through these intermediaries are more costly to hotels in our system than bookings through our direct digital channels. To the extent that guest booking preference shifts from our direct digital channels to Internet travel intermediaries, diverting bookings away from our direct digital channels and increasing the overall cost of bookings for hotels in our system, our business and profitability could be harmed. In addition, the introduction of AI capabilities by existing and emerging travel intermediaries may change the way guests plan, book, and pay for travel, which may disrupt how our products and services are marketed and distributed, potentially eroding brand loyalty, increasing distribution costs, and negatively affecting our Loyalty Program, which could adversely impact our financial performance and our ability to grow our business. At the same time, if we are not able to negotiate new agreements on satisfactory terms when our existing contracts with intermediaries (which generally have two- to three-year terms) come up for renewal, our business and prospects could be negatively impacted in a number of ways, including by reducing bookings or making our brands less attractive to hotel owners. Our growth strategy depends upon attracting hotel owners to our platform, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable to us, depending on the terms offered by our competitors . Adding properties to our system entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with hotel owners. Our ability to attract and retain hotel owners and the terms of our agreements with hotel owners are influenced by the value, quality, and performance of our brands, the value and benefits of our Loyalty Program and other programs and services, our willingness to provide incentives to hotel owners to secure new agreements, the overall commercial terms of our agreements, and the relative value and benefits of offerings otherwise available to hotel owners in the market, among other things. We cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to renew agreements or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today. The effects of, or our failure to comply with, applicable laws, regulations, and government policies may disrupt our business, lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, or damage our reputation. We, the hotels in our system, our other lodging offerings, and the programs that we offer are subject to or affected by a variety of laws, regulations, and government policies around the globe, including, among others, those related to employment practices; marketing and advertising; consumer protection; trade and economic sanctions; anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering; intellectual property; cybersecurity, data privacy, data localization, data transfers, the handling of personally identifiable information, and AI and other emerging technologies; the offer and sale of franchises; competition and pricing; climate and the environment; health, safety, and accessibility; food and beverage sales; gaming and other entertainment offerings; and credit card products. These laws, regulations, and government policies may be complex and change frequently and may not be reconcilable across jurisdictions, and could have a range of adverse effects on our business. The compliance programs, internal controls, and policies we maintain and enforce need to be updated regularly to keep pace with changing laws, regulations, and government policies, may not cover all applicable risk areas, and, as we have seen in the past, may not prevent us, our associates, service providers, or agents from materially violating applicable laws, regulations, and government policies. The requirements of applicable laws, regulations, and government policies, our failure to meet such requirements 12 Table of Contents (including investigations and publicity resulting from actual or alleged failures), or actions we take to comply with such requirements or investigations could have significant adverse effects on our results of operations, reputation, or ability to grow our business. Third-party claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others or our failure to defend our own intellectual property rights could materially adversely affect our business . Third parties sometimes make claims against us for infringing their intellectual property rights (including as a result of the actions of our hotel owners, service providers, and other parties with whom we do business). We have been and are currently party to a number of such claims and may be subject to additional claims in the future. Such claims, including pending claims, have in the past, and could in the future: • be expensive and time consuming to defend; • require or result in significant monetary payments to claimants; • require or result in the limitation or cessation of our use of the intellectual property at issue; • force us to redesign or rebrand our products or services; or • result in other adverse effects on our business or reputation. We may also be required to indemnify hotel owners, service providers, and other parties with whom we do business for losses they incur as a result of any infringement claims against them related to our intellectual property or as a result of our use of the intellectual property of third parties. In addition, if third parties copy or use our intellectual property without authorization, the value of our brands, our competitive advantages, or our goodwill could be harmed. The steps we take to secure, protect, and defend our intellectual property rights may not succeed or be adequate to prevent others from infringing, copying, or using our intellectual property without proper authorization. Such steps, including enforcing our intellectual property rights, are costly and could force us to divert our resources, lead to counterclaims or other claims against us, or otherwise result in harm to our business. If our brands, goodwill, or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant non-cash charges to earnings. We hold a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our Balance Sheets. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. Estimated fair values of our brands or reporting units could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory claims, actions or developments, changes in guests’ perception and the reputation of our brands, or changes in interest rates, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. Because of the significance of our goodwill and other intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial condition and results of operations. Our business depends on the quality and reputation of our Company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations . Many factors can affect the reputation and value of our Company or one or more of our brands, hotels in our system, or other offerings, including adherence to service and other brand standards; matters related to, or incidents involving, food quality and safety, guest and associate safety, health and cleanliness, sustainability, supply chain management, access to opportunity, human rights, and support for local communities; actions perceived as relating to political or social matters; and compliance with applicable laws. Reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands, hotels in our system, or other offerings, and it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. While reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations, proceedings or penalties, or litigation. Negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our Loyalty Program, loss of development opportunities, adverse government attention, adverse reaction from hotel owners, service providers, or other third parties, or associate retention and recruiting difficulties. Any material decline in the reputation or perceived quality of our brands or corporate image could affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our hotel owners, service providers, and other third parties are subject to similar risks, which could also impact us. Actions by our hotel owners or others could materially adversely affect our image and reputation . We franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties for lodging, timeshare, and residential properties, and with respect to our credit card programs and other offerings, and enter into marketing and other strategic collaborations with other companies. Under the terms of their agreements with us, these third parties interact directly with guests and others under or in connection with our brand and trade names. These third parties sometimes fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience financial or operational problems, including data or privacy incidents, or negative incidents related to matters described in the preceding risk factor; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, each of which could have a material negative impact on our image and reputation. Although our agreements with these third parties generally provide us 13 Table of Contents with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, certain actions by these third parties may not give rise to recourse or remedies, and for those that do, it could be expensive or time-consuming for us to pursue such remedies, and even if we are successful in pursuing such remedies, that may not be sufficient to mitigate reputational harm to us. We also cannot assure you that in every instance a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights or that we could collect any awarded damages from the defaulting party. Collective bargaining activity and strikes could materially disrupt hotel operations, increase labor costs, and interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies . A significant number of associates at our managed, leased, and owned hotels are covered by collective bargaining agreements. If relationships with our organized associates or the unions that represent them become adverse, then, as we have seen in the past, the properties we operate could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts, and public demonstrations. Numerous collective bargaining agreements are typically subject to negotiation each year, and the successful resolution of such negotiations in the past does not mean that future negotiations will be resolved without significant strikes or disruptions, or on satisfactory terms. For many of the hotels in our system, including our franchised and licensed properties, we do not have the ability to control the negotiations of collective bargaining agreements, and collective bargaining activity and labor disruptions at these properties could adversely impact our business. Labor disputes and disruptions sometimes result in adverse publicity or regulatory investigations and adversely affect operations and revenues at impacted hotels. In addition, labor disputes and disruptions or increased demands from labor unions can sometimes harm associate relations, result in increased regulatory requirements or inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities, harm relationships with guests and hotel owners, divert management attention, and reduce guest demand, all of which could have a significant adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could, as we have seen in the past, lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses and legal costs, and limitations on our ability or the ability of our hotel owners to take cost saving measures during economic downturns. Increased unionization of the workforce at hotels in our system, new labor legislation, or changes in regulations could disrupt operations at hotels in our system, reduce profitability, or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies. Our business could suffer if we or the hotels in our system cannot attract and retain associates or as the result of the loss of the services of our senior executives . We and the hotels in our system compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for personnel. We and the hotels in our system have in the past experienced, and could in the future experience, challenges hiring for certain positions due to various factors, such as increasing wage expectations or competition for labor from other industries, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. If we or the hotels in our system cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of associates, we could experience significant negative impacts on operations, associate morale and turnover, guest satisfaction, or our internal control environment. Insufficient numbers of associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our business. Labor shortages have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in higher wages and initial hiring costs, increasing our labor costs and labor costs at hotels in our system, which could reduce our revenues and profits. In addition, the efforts and abilities of our senior executives are important elements of maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth, and the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives could result in challenges executing our business strategies or other adverse effects on our business. Extreme weather, natural disasters, climate change, and sustainability-related concerns have impacted our business in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations . We, the hotels in our system, and our other lodging offerings are subject to the risks associated with extreme weather, natural disasters, and climate change, including physical impacts, changes in laws and regulations, and changing consumer preferences. We have seen a decline in travel and reduced demand for lodging as a result of natural disasters and extreme weather in some markets and in areas of the world from which we draw guests, and the prevalence and impact of these events may increase or worsen in the future. Natural disasters, extreme weather, and other climate impacts and events (including rising sea levels, extreme hot or cold weather, hurricanes and typhoons, flooding, water shortages, fires, and droughts) have impacted, and continue to impact, hotels in our system, including by causing physical damage that prevents or limits the operations of the property or resulting in increases in insurance, energy or other operating costs. Significant costs could be involved in improving the efficiency and climate resiliency of hotels in our system and otherwise preparing for, responding to, and mitigating climate or sustainability related impacts, events, or concerns affecting hotels in our system. Compliance with climate-related legislation and regulation, and our efforts related to our climate and sustainability initiatives, have been and are expected to continue to be complex and costly. Climate or other sustainability-related concerns may affect guests’ travel choices, including their frequency of travel. As a result of the foregoing, as we have seen in the past to some extent, we may experience reduced demand, increased costs, operating disruptions or limitations, and physical damage to hotels in our system, and we could experience constraints on our growth, all of which could adversely affect our profits and growth. 14 Table of Contents Insurance may not cover damage to, or losses involving, hotels in our system or other aspects of our business, and the cost of such insurance could increase . We require comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for hotels in our system with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary. Market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we or our hotel owners can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. Certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes and floods, terrorist acts, pandemics, or liabilities that result from incidents involving the security of information systems, may result in high deductibles, low limits, or may be uninsurable, or the cost of obtaining insurance may be unacceptably high. As a result, we and our hotel owners may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels, or may not be successful in obtaining insurance at all. For example, over the past several years following the severe and widespread damage caused by natural disasters, coupled with continued large global losses, the property, liability, and other insurance markets have seen significant cost increases. Further, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we or our hotel owners carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. As a result, our revenues and profits could be adversely affected, and for properties we own or lease, we could lose some or all of the capital that we have invested in the property and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations. Our Loyalty Program plays a significant role in our business, and unfavorable developments affecting the program could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our Loyalty Program is an important aspect of our business. Our Loyalty Program faces significant competition from the loyalty programs offered by other hospitality companies, banks, airlines, and others. There is significant competition among loyalty programs in terms of the value and utility of program currency, rewards ranges and values, other program terms and conditions, and other program features, including co-branded credit card affiliations and offerings. If we are not able to maintain a competitive and attractive loyalty program or if we make changes to our Loyalty Program, including as a result of legal or regulatory requirements or considerations, we could experience significant adverse effects on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations, including our ability to acquire, engage, and retain members in our Loyalty Program and our ability to operate other programs (including our co-branded credit card program). In addition, to the extent that legislative or regulatory changes negatively impact credit card issuers or networks, we could also see material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, including reduced revenues from our co-branded credit card agreements and a range of adverse impacts to our Loyalty Program, such as reduced program funding. Exchange rate fluctuations could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results . We earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies in connection with our operations outside of the U.S. Accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of U.S. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the U.S. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. We are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our non-U.S. business are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to U.S. dollars for inclusion in our Financial Statements. As a result, exchange rate changes between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and could have a material negative effect on our financial results. To the extent that our international operations continue to grow, our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow. Even though we enter into foreign exchange hedging arrangements for some of the currencies in which we do business, exchange rate fluctuations will result in foreign currency gains and losses and could materially affect our results. Our hedging arrangements may also create their own costs and risks, including in the form of cash flow impacts, credit requirements, and counterparty risk. Development and Financi

=== MAR_2026-05-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors We are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky. You should carefully consider the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” of our 2025 Form 10-K. There are no material changes to the risk factors discussed in our 2025 Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds (a) Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities None. (b) Use of Proceeds None. (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (in millions, except per share amounts) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 0.9 $ 319.08 0.9 25.7 February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 0.7 344.10 0.7 25.0 March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 0.5 324.80 0.5 24.5 Total 2.1 328.37 2.1 (1) Our Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program. On November 9, 2023, we announced that the Board had increased the common stock repurchase authorization under the program by 25 million shares, and on August 7, 2025, we announced that the Board had further increased the authorization by an additional 25 million shares. These authorizations have no expiration date. As of March 31, 2026, 24.5 million shares remained available for repurchase under the program. We may repurchase shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, and we account for these shares as treasury stock. Item 5. Other Information During the 2026 first quarter, no director or Section 16 officer adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 plans or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements. 22 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits We have not filed as exhibits certain instruments defining the rights of holders of the long-term debt of Marriott pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act, because the amount of debt authorized and outstanding under each such instrument does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request. Exhibit No. Description Incorporation by Reference (where a report is indicated below, that document has been previously filed with the SEC and the applicable exhibit is incorporated by reference thereto) 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Exhibit No. 3.(i) to our Form 8-K filed August 22, 2006 (File No. 001-13881). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. Exhibit No. 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed August 4, 2023 (File No. 001-13881). *10.1 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement for the 2023 Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (February 2026). Filed with this report. *10.2 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for the 2023 Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (February 2026). Filed with this report. *10.3 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the 2023 Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (February 2026). Filed with this report. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). Filed with this report. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). Filed with this report. 32 Section 1350 Certifications. Furnished with this report. 101 The following financial statements from Marriott International, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; and (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 104 The cover page from Marriott International, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). Submitted electronically with this report. * Denotes management contract or compensatory plan. 23 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. May 6, 2026 /s/ Felitia O. Lee Felitia O. Lee Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Duly Authorized Officer) 24 