=== MAR_2026-02-10.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this report and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. Overview We are a worldwide franchisor, operator, and licensor of hotel, residential, timeshare, and other lodging properties under a portfolio of compelling brands at different price and service points. Consistent with our focus on franchising, management, and licensing, we own or lease very few of our lodging properties (less than one percent of our system). As of year-end 2025, our system included 9,805 properties (1,779,936 rooms) in 145 countries and territories, and we also had approximately 4,100 properties (nearly 610,000 rooms) in our development pipeline. We discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: (1) U.S. Canada, (2) Europe, Middle East Africa ( EMEA ), (3) Greater China, and (4) Asia Pacific excluding China ( APEC ). Our Caribbean Latin America ( CALA ) operating segment does not meet the applicable accounting criteria for separate disclosure as a reportable business segment, and as such, we include its results in Unallocated corporate and other. See Note 14 for more information. Brand Portfolio We believe that our brand portfolio offers the most compelling range of brands, lodging properties, and other offerings in hospitality. Our brands are categorized by style of offering - Classic and Distinctive. Our Classic brands offer time-honored hospitality for the modern traveler, and our Distinctive brands offer memorable experiences with a unique perspective - each of which we group into four quality tiers: Luxury, Premium, Select, and Midscale. Luxury offers bespoke and superb amenities and services. Premium offers sophisticated and thoughtful amenities and services. Select offers smart and easy amenities and services. Midscale offers limited services and essential amenities at a more affordable price point. Longer stay brands, which are classified under multiple quality tiers, offer amenities suggestive of the comforts of home. The following table shows the portfolio of brands owned, operated, and/or licensed by Marriott for properties open at year-end 2025. 4 Table of Contents The following table shows the geographic distribution of properties operating under the brands in our portfolio at year-end 2025: U.S. Canada Europe Middle East Africa Asia Pacific excluding China Greater China Caribbean Latin America Total Luxury JW Marriott Properties 36 10 12 32 23 17 130 Rooms 19,518 2,969 4,582 10,233 9,093 4,496 50,891 The Ritz-Carlton Properties 43 12 17 24 19 11 126 Rooms 13,230 2,620 4,059 4,821 5,348 2,201 32,279 The Luxury Collection Properties 21 45 14 32 7 13 132 Rooms 10,108 6,614 2,680 7,512 4,040 1,770 32,724 W Hotels Properties 23 13 6 11 11 8 72 Rooms 7,282 2,536 2,175 2,754 3,893 1,593 20,233 St. Regis Properties 13 7 15 10 15 6 66 Rooms 2,669 887 3,683 2,067 3,948 987 14,241 EDITION Properties 5 6 5 3 2 1 22 Rooms 1,379 967 943 496 646 186 4,617 Bvlgari Properties 4 1 2 2 9 Rooms 328 121 157 201 807 Premium (2) Marriott Hotels Properties 336 79 32 61 76 35 619 Rooms 131,859 22,363 10,327 18,318 26,161 9,209 218,237 Sheraton Properties 165 48 33 58 103 29 436 Rooms 63,854 13,361 9,899 17,156 35,597 8,091 147,958 Westin Properties 137 16 8 42 32 16 251 Rooms 55,569 5,100 2,147 11,886 10,747 4,535 89,984 Autograph Collection Properties 169 96 22 28 5 42 362 Rooms 38,737 13,399 3,890 5,573 1,381 13,419 76,399 Renaissance Hotels Properties 92 23 6 16 34 9 180 Rooms 28,610 5,561 1,728 3,935 11,767 2,476 54,077 Le M ridien Properties 24 17 19 36 23 3 122 Rooms 5,299 5,260 6,197 8,210 6,468 562 31,996 Delta Hotels by Marriott (Delta Hotels ) Properties 91 30 8 4 4 137 Rooms 21,698 5,224 1,593 1,529 759 30,803 MGM Collection with Marriott Bonvoy Properties 12 12 Rooms 26,210 26,210 Tribute Portfolio Properties 102 36 11 15 11 11 186 Rooms 19,080 4,513 2,191 1,794 2,091 1,250 30,919 Gaylord Hotels Properties 7 7 Rooms 11,820 11,820 Design Hotels Properties 25 127 9 25 6 31 223 Rooms 2,693 8,728 768 1,483 929 887 15,488 Marriott Executive Apartments Properties 3 18 15 12 2 50 Rooms 214 3,135 2,228 1,918 240 7,735 Outdoor Collection by Marriott Bonvoy SM (3) Properties 32 32 Rooms 1,532 1,532 Apartments by Marriott Bonvoy SM Properties 2 1 2 5 Rooms 381 44 231 656 5 Table of Contents U.S. Canada Europe Middle East Africa Asia Pacific excluding China Greater China Caribbean Latin America Total Select Courtyard by Marriott (Courtyard ) Properties 1,083 84 12 67 63 53 1,362 Rooms 149,901 15,231 2,635 13,712 16,091 8,520 206,090 Fairfield by Marriott (Fairfield ) Properties 1,191 1 77 94 18 1,381 Rooms 113,031 222 10,363 14,611 2,521 140,748 Residence Inn by Marriott (Residence Inn ) Properties 889 31 8 9 937 Rooms 109,374 3,517 1,114 1,328 115,333 SpringHill Suites by Marriott (SpringHill Suites ) Properties 579 579 Rooms 68,370 68,370 Four Points by Sheraton (Four Points ) Properties 145 27 29 57 102 24 384 Rooms 20,848 4,788 6,340 13,382 23,837 3,213 72,408 TownePlace Suites by Marriott (TownePlace Suites ) Properties 571 571 Rooms 57,577 57,577 Aloft Hotels Properties 169 11 13 19 15 16 243 Rooms 24,408 1,911 2,850 4,676 3,394 2,577 39,816 AC Hotels by Marriott Properties 142 88 2 10 4 21 267 Rooms 23,831 11,844 286 2,597 995 3,275 42,828 Moxy Hotels Properties 49 104 1 15 11 1 181 Rooms 8,604 19,905 160 3,307 1,944 122 34,042 Element Hotels Properties 102 3 7 3 7 122 Rooms 13,920 489 1,189 572 1,398 17,568 Protea Hotels by Marriott Properties 65 65 Rooms 7,020 7,020 citizenM Properties 16 19 1 1 37 Rooms 4,374 3,938 210 267 8,789 Midscale City Express by Marriott SM Properties 11 147 158 Rooms 1,129 17,781 18,910 Four Points Flex SM by Sheraton Properties 34 4 16 54 Rooms 4,106 231 3,469 7,806 Series by Marriott SM (3) Properties 2 37 39 Rooms 164 2,597 2,761 StudioRes SM Properties 4 4 Rooms 496 496 Residences Residences Properties 72 13 20 21 2 16 144 Rooms 7,553 684 2,991 3,818 302 905 16,253 Subtotal Properties 6,360 988 397 733 684 545 9,707 Subtotal Rooms 1,065,108 167,323 84,934 157,326 188,596 93,134 1,756,421 Timeshare (1) Properties 95 Rooms 22,912 Yacht (1) Properties 3 Rooms 603 Total Properties 9,805 Total Rooms 1,779,936 (1) We exclude geographical data for Timeshare and Yacht as these offerings are captured within Unallocated corporate and other. (2) During 2025, we terminated our licensing agreement with Sonder Holdings Inc. (3) The Outdoor Collection by Marriott Bonvoy includes properties under both the Premium and Select quality tiers. Series by Marriott includes properties under both the Select and Midscale quality tiers. Property and room counts presented by brand in the above table include certain hotels in our system that are not yet operating under such brand, but are expected to operate under such brand following the completion of planned renovations. 6 Table of Contents Franchised, Licensed, and Other Properties We have franchise, license, and other arrangements that permit hotel owners and certain other third parties to use many of our lodging brand names and systems. Under our hotel franchising arrangements, we generally receive an initial application fee and continuing royalty fees, which typically range from four to seven percent of room revenues, plus for certain brands, up to four percent of food and beverage revenues, as well as reimbursement for centralized programs and services, such as our Loyalty Program (as defined below), reservations, and marketing. The terms of these agreements vary, but they are generally for periods of 10 to 25 years. We also have license and other agreements with third parties for certain offerings, such as for our timeshare properties, MGM Collection with Marriott Bonvoy, Design Hotels, and The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection , pursuant to which we receive royalty and certain other fees. For our timeshare properties, we receive royalty fees under license agreements with Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation and its affiliates (collectively, MVW ) for certain brands. The royalty fees we receive from MVW consist of a fixed annual fee, adjusted for inflation, plus certain variable fees based on sales volumes. Certain licensees and other counterparties are also charged for certain systems and centralized programs and services, such as our Loyalty Program, reservations, and marketing. At year-end 2025, we had 7,644 franchised, licensed, and other properties (1,183,513 rooms and timeshare units). Company-Operated Properties At year-end 2025, we had 2,017 company-operated properties (580,170 rooms), which included properties under long-term management agreements with hotel owners and properties that we own and lease. Terms of our management agreements vary, but we earn a management fee that is typically composed of a base management fee, which is a percentage of the revenues of the hotel, and an incentive management fee, which is based on the profits of the hotel. In many cases (particularly in our U.S. Canada, Europe, and CALA regions), incentive management fees are subject to a specified owner return. Such agreements are generally for initial periods of 20 to 30 years, with options for us to renew for up to 10 or more additional years. Our lease agreements also vary, but may include fixed annual rentals plus additional rentals based on a specified percentage of annual revenues that exceed a fixed amount. In many jurisdictions, our management agreements may be subordinated to mortgages or other liens securing indebtedness of the hotel owners. Many of our management agreements also permit the hotel owners to terminate the agreement if we do not meet certain performance metrics, financial returns fail to meet defined levels for a period of time, and we have not cured those deficiencies. In certain circumstances, some of our management agreements allow owners to convert company-operated properties to franchised properties under our brands. For the hotels we operate, we generally are responsible for hiring, training, and supervising the associates needed to operate the hotels. In addition to providing hotel-level operating and administrative services, we also provide centralized programs and services, such as our Loyalty Program, reservations, and marketing, as well as various accounting and data processing services. Under our management agreements, hotel owners are generally responsible for hotel operating costs, including centralized programs and services. Residential We use or license certain of our trademarks for the sale of residential real estate, often in conjunction with hotel development. We receive one-time branding fees upon the sale of each branded residential unit by the third-party developers who construct and sell the residences, with limited amounts, if any, of our capital at risk. We often also manage or provide a brand license to the related homeowners association and receive continuing fees for that service or license. At year-end 2025, we had 144 branded residential properties (16,253 residential units). Intellectual Property We operate in a highly competitive industry and our brand names, trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos are very important to our business, including the development, sales and marketing of our brands and other hospitality offerings and services. We believe that our brand names and other intellectual property have come to represent outstanding quality, care, service, and value to our guests, the traveling public, and hotel owners. Accordingly, we register and protect our intellectual property where we deem appropriate and otherwise protect against its unauthorized use. 7 Table of Contents Loyalty and Credit Card Programs Marriott Bonvoy is central to our business strategy. It encompasses our portfolio of compelling brands and other travel offerings, our direct channels, and our award-winning travel loyalty program, which we refer to throughout this report as our Loyalty Program. Loyalty Program members can earn points for stays at participating properties and other travel offerings, such as Homes Villas by Marriott Bonvoy, a global offering focusing on the premium and luxury tiers of rental homes, as well as through purchases with co-branded credit cards and our Loyalty Program partners. Members can redeem points for stays at participating properties, airline tickets, airline frequent flyer program miles, rental cars, products from Marriott Bonvoy Boutiques , and a variety of other awards, including experiences from Marriott Bonvoy Moments . We believe that our Loyalty Program generates substantial repeat business that might otherwise go to competing properties. In 2025, approximately 75 percent of our U.S. hotel room nights and approximately 68 percent of our global hotel room nights were booked by Loyalty Program members. We strategically market to this large and growing guest base to generate revenue, and we are focused on attracting and enrolling new Loyalty Program members. We have co-branded credit cards associated with Marriott Bonvoy in 11 countries. In the U.S., we have multi-year agreements with JPMorgan Chase and American Express. We also license credit card programs internationally, including in Japan, the United Arab Emirates, China, Canada, and other markets. We generally earn fixed amounts that are payable at contract inception and variable amounts that are paid to us monthly over the term of the agreements primarily based on card usage. We believe that our co-branded credit cards create a diverse revenue stream for the Company, reflect the quality, significance and value of Marriott Bonvoy and our global lodging portfolio, and contribute to the strength of our Loyalty Program by creating value for our guests, hotel owners, and other parties with whom we have an affiliation. Payments received under our co-branded credit card agreements represent a significant funding source for the Loyalty Program. See the Loyalty Program caption in Note 2 for more information about our Loyalty Program and co-branded credit cards. Direct Digital Channels, Sales and Revenue Management, and Marketing Marriott.com, the Marriott Bonvoy mobile app, and our other direct digital channels offer seamless guest experiences. We regularly introduce enhancements to improve guests experience exploring and booking rooms across Marriott s extensive portfolio of properties, giving guests access to exclusive offers, rates, and Loyalty Program member perks. In addition, the Marriott Bonvoy mobile app facilitates smooth arrivals and seamless stays with features like contactless check-in and check-out, mobile key, chat, service requests, mobile dining, and more at participating properties. Our focus on creating frictionless experiences across our direct digital channels is foundational to our worldwide technology systems transformation. This multi-year transformation of our reservations, property management, and loyalty systems is focused on introducing new technology that delivers more choices for guests, new capabilities for associates, and new revenue opportunities for hotels in our system. Our above-property sales and revenue management strategies are designed around the way the guest wants to buy and the strategic priorities of hotels in our system. Our above-property sales strategy focuses on offering global business-to-business solutions, driving efficiencies, optimizing revenue, and enhancing guest loyalty while minimizing duplication of efforts at the hotel level. We also utilize innovative and sophisticated revenue management systems, including proprietary systems, which are designed to facilitate pricing decisions, increase efficiency, and optimize property-level revenue. Most of the hotels in our portfolio utilize web-based programs to effectively manage the rate set-up and modification processes, which provides for greater pricing flexibility and increased efficiency. Our marketing strategies focus on building awareness and consideration of Marriott Bonvoy, increasing demand, and increasing guest loyalty. We do this through a variety of brand and marketing programs, offerings, and tools. Competition There is robust competition within the hospitality industry, including as relates to brand recognition and reputation, location, guest satisfaction, room rates, quality of service and accommodations, property amenities and offerings, and guest loyalty programs and offerings (including co-branded credit cards). We encounter strong competition in the short-term lodging market from regional, national, and international chains that operate lodging properties or franchise their brands, lodging properties that are not affiliated with a chain, and online platforms, including Airbnb and Vrbo, that allow travelers to book short-term rentals of homes and apartments as an alternative to hotel rooms. Although we believe that our strong brand recognition assists us in attracting and retaining guests and hotel owners, we compete against many other companies with strong brands and guest appeal, including Hilton, IHG Hotels Resorts, Hyatt, Wyndham Hotels Resorts, Accor, Choice Hotels, Best Western Hotels Resorts, and others. Our direct digital channels also compete for guests with online travel 8 Table of Contents services platforms, such as Expedia.com, Priceline.com, Booking.com, Travelocity.com, Orbitz.com, and Trip.com, and search engines such as Google, Bing, Yahoo, and Baidu. We believe that the location and quality of our lodging offerings, our Loyalty Program, our marketing programs, our reservation systems, and our emphasis on guest service and guest and associate satisfaction contribute to guest preference across our brands. Affiliation with a brand is common in the U.S. lodging industry. In 2025, approximately 73 percent of U.S. hotel rooms were brand-affiliated. Although lodging properties outside the U.S. also often affiliate with a brand, such brand affiliation is less prevalent than in the U.S. Based on lodging industry data, we have an approximately 17 percent share of the U.S. hotel market and a four percent share of the hotel market outside the U.S. (based on number of rooms). We also face strong competition in attracting and retaining hotel owners. We believe that our brands are attractive to hotel owners seeking a franchise, management company, or other licensing affiliation because of our global scale and the benefits of our Loyalty Program, centralized reservation systems, marketing programs, and other offerings, and our emphasis on guest service. Seasonality In general, business at hotels in our system fluctuates moderately with the seasons. Business at some resort properties may be more seasonal depending on location. Human Capital Management Marriott s long history of service, innovation, and growth is built on a culture of putting people first. We are committed to investing in our associates, with a focus on leadership development, competitive compensation, and creating a sense of well-being. At year-end 2025, Marriott managed the employment of approximately 414,000 associates. This number includes approximately 148,000 associates employed by Marriott at properties, customer care centers, and above-property operations, as well as approximately 266,000 associates who are employed by our hotel owners but whose employment is managed by Marriott (which is common outside the U.S.). Approximately 115,000 of the associates employed by Marriott are located in the U.S., of which approximately 19,000 belong to labor unions. Outside the U.S., some of our associates are represented by trade unions, works councils, or employee associations. These numbers do not include hotel personnel employed by our independent franchisees and licensees or management companies hired by our franchisees and licensees. Marriott is committed to conducting its business in accordance with high ethical and legal standards, and our franchisees are expected to develop responsible human capital management practices. We are focused on maintaining Marriott s position as an employer of choice both for job seekers and our existing associates. To attract talent, we are targeting new labor pools, optimizing our recruiting practices, and sharing our story of long-term career potential. Our people brand, Be , showcases associate stories to highlight the meaningful work and numerous opportunities at the Company. At our headquarters in Bethesda, Maryland, we utilize a hybrid work model to allow for flexibility and choice to meet the needs of our corporate workforce. For many hotel-based associates, we are innovating the way hotel jobs are structured by introducing more flexibility and choice through our integrated jobs program, which allows associates to have cross-training and more engaging roles. We encourage continual feedback from our associates at all levels. We measure associate satisfaction through associateVoice surveys, which give all associates the opportunity to provide feedback about their work experience, providing valuable insights so we can drive improvements in our culture. The surveys occur three times per year to allow for frequent feedback. Our associate scores exceeded the Global Best Employer external benchmark in 2025, and we were recognized as a top 5 company on the Fortune World s Best Workplaces TM list in 2025. Our human capital strategy is based on three signature elements Growing Great Leaders, Investing in Associates, and Creating Access to Opportunity. Growing Great Leaders We believe that associates at every level can inspire others through great leadership. Our Leadership Framework, designed to help us grow great leaders, starts with Leadership Essentials that clearly define what great leadership means at Marriott at all levels of the organization. Our leadership development offerings include tailored programming that targets all levels, creating a clear pathway for associates to progressively grow into leadership roles. Our leadership competencies are integrated into our performance management process and leadership development programs. Our talent development strategy is designed to 9 Table of Contents provide opportunities for our associates to develop and grow their careers with Marriott for the long term while driving the performance of our business. Investing in Associates We are focused on providing our associates with the tools, resources, and support they need to thrive both personally and professionally. We provide our eligible U.S. associates and their families access to comprehensive compensation and benefits offerings, such as health care coverage, work/life support benefits, and other offerings, including retirement savings and employee stock purchase plans. Outside the U.S., we offer comprehensive compensation and benefit programs that vary based on the geographic market, and we regularly evaluate these programs for competitiveness against the external talent market. Our TakeCare program provides associates with tools and resources to support their physical, mental, and financial well-being. Globally, Marriott s compensation structures and policies are designed to promote pay equity, including our policy of prohibiting compensation history inquiries. In the U.S., we conduct pay equity audits annually. Creating Access to Opportunity Our focus on access to opportunity encompasses a range of initiatives and programs to support our goal to make all stakeholders (including associates, guests, hotel owners, and suppliers) feel welcome and valued. The Inclusion and Social Impact Committee of our Board of Directors ( Board ), established over 20 years ago, assists the Board in providing oversight of the Company s strategy and efforts to advance the Company s business through the Company s culture and core values, including creating access to opportunity for its various stakeholders and supporting the communities in which the Company operates. Sustainability and Social Impact We are focused on creating a positive and sustainable impact wherever we do business. Our sustainability and social impact platform, Serve 360: Doing Good in Every Direction, is built around four areas: Nurture Our World; Sustain Responsible Operations; Empower Through Opportunity; and Welcome All and Advance Human Rights. We remain focused on meeting the evolving needs of associates, guests, hotel owners, and the communities and environments in which we operate. Our sustainability strategy and initiatives focus on identifying opportunities to integrate sustainable practices across our business, particularly in the areas of energy, emissions, waste, and water. In response to humanitarian crises and natural disasters, hotels in our system often look to support their local communities in need by donating funds, hotel stays, food, supplies, and volunteer hours. We also deploy our Company relief funds to support affected associates and their families and charitable organizations providing relief in impacted areas. Government Regulations As a company with global operations, we are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations, and government policies around the world. Some of the regulations that most affect us and our business include those related to employment practices; marketing and advertising; consumer protection; trade and economic sanctions; anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering; intellectual property; cybersecurity, data privacy, data localization, data transfers, the handling of personally identifiable information, and artificial intelligence ( AI ) and other emerging technologies; the offer and sale of franchises; competition and pricing; climate and the environment; health, safety, and accessibility; food and beverage sales; gaming and other entertainment offerings; and credit card products. Internet Address and Company SEC Filings Our primary Internet address is Marriott.com. On the investor relations portion of our website, Marriott.com/investor, we provide a link to our electronic filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports. We make all such filings available free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after filing. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors. We are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, these risks could cause 10 Table of Contents results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this report or in other Company communications. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face, and our business could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Risks Relating to Our Industry Our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully for guests . We operate in markets that contain many competitors. Our hotel brands and other lodging offerings generally compete with regional, national, and international chains that operate lodging properties or franchise their brands, lodging properties that are not affiliated with a chain, and online platforms that allow travelers to book short-term rentals of homes and apartments. Our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business, group, and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing and driving preference for our lodging products and services, including our Loyalty Program, direct digital channels, consumer-facing technology platforms and services, our co-branded credit cards, and other offerings. If we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to maintain or increase room rates or occupancy in those markets. Economic and other global, national, and regional conditions and events have in the past materially impacted, and could in the future materially impact, our business, operations, financial results, and growth . Because we conduct our business on a global scale, we are affected by changes and uncertainties in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as trade, travel, spending, immigration, labor, healthcare, and related issues), and geopolitical, public health, social and other conditions and events. Our business, financial results, and growth are impacted by weak or volatile economic conditions; pandemics and other outbreaks of disease; natural and man-made disasters; changes in energy prices, interest rates, inflation, and currency values; political instability, geopolitical disputes or conflict, actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, civil unrest and other acts of violence; heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, and disruptions in air and ground travel; and concerns over the foregoing. These conditions and events have in the past materially negatively impacted, and could in the future materially negatively impact, our business, operations, financial results, and growth in many ways, including, but not limited to, as follows: reducing revenues at hotels in our system, impacting our fees and the ability of hotels to meet expenses, including payment of amounts owed to us; reducing revenues we receive from other programs and offerings; adversely affecting the value of our owned and leased properties or investments; affecting the ability or willingness of hotel owners to service, repay or refinance existing indebtedness or similar obligations, including loans or guaranty advances we have made to or for them; making it more difficult for hotel owners to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms, or at all; causing hotel construction, opening, and renovation delays; decreasing the rate at which new projects enter our pipeline; causing hotels to exit our system; increasing operating costs; requiring us to borrow or otherwise raise a significant amount of cash in order to preserve financial flexibility, repay maturing debt and manage debt maturities; causing the terms of our borrowing to be more expensive or more restrictive; and adversely affecting associate hiring and retention. The conditions and events discussed in this risk factor could also give rise to, aggravate, and impact our ability to allocate resources to mitigate the other risks that we identify below, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Relating to Our Business Operational Risks Premature termination of our agreements with hotel owners could materially hurt our financial performance . Our agreements with hotel owners may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner, the failure of a hotel owner to comply with its payment or other obligations under the agreement, a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria which we do not cure, or in certain limited cases, other negotiated contractual termination rights. Hotel owners may assert the right to terminate our agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our agreements and may do so in the future. When terminations occur for certain of these or other reasons, we may seek to enforce our right to damages for breach of 11 Table of Contents contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. We have in the past had, and could in the future have, difficulty collecting damages from the hotel owner, and any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the agreement with the hotel owner. A significant loss of these agreements could materially hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business. Disagreements with hotel owners and other counterparties could materially impact our business, operations, financial results, and growth. Consistent with our focus on franchising, management, and licensing, we own very few of our lodging properties. The nature of our rights and responsibilities under our agreements with hotel owners and other counterparties may be subject to interpretation. From time to time this gives rise to disagreements with such parties, including over new product, service, or systems initiatives and their associated costs, the timing and amount of capital investments, and reimbursement for operating costs, system costs, or other amounts. We have seen, and may in the future see, an increase in such disagreements during periods when hotel returns are weaker. We seek to resolve any disagreements and to develop and maintain positive relations with our hotel owners and other counterparties, but we cannot always do so. Failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in arbitration or litigation. We could suffer significant losses, reduced profits, or constraints on our operations or growth as the result of adverse dispute resolution outcomes. Changes in the way hotel rooms are booked could adversely impact our business . Some of our hotel rooms are booked through Internet travel intermediaries. In addition to their focus on leisure travel, these intermediaries also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. Intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract guests, including the purchase by certain companies of trademarked online keywords such as Marriott from Internet search engines. Internet search engines may also divert business away from our direct digital channels to intermediaries. Many intermediaries also operate their own loyalty programs designed to foster customer loyalty to their platforms, which could erode loyalty to our brands, offerings, and direct digital channels. Bookings through these intermediaries are more costly to hotels in our system than bookings through our direct digital channels. To the extent that guest booking preference shifts from our direct digital channels to Internet travel intermediaries, diverting bookings away from our direct digital channels and increasing the overall cost of bookings for hotels in our system, our business and profitability could be harmed. In addition, the introduction of AI capabilities by existing and emerging travel intermediaries may change the way guests plan, book, and pay for travel, which may disrupt how our products and services are marketed and distributed, potentially eroding brand loyalty, increasing distribution costs, and negatively affecting our Loyalty Program, which could adversely impact our financial performance and our ability to grow our business. At the same time, if we are not able to negotiate new agreements on satisfactory terms when our existing contracts with intermediaries (which generally have two- to three-year terms) come up for renewal, our business and prospects could be negatively impacted in a number of ways, including by reducing bookings or making our brands less attractive to hotel owners. Our growth strategy depends upon attracting hotel owners to our platform, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable to us, depending on the terms offered by our competitors . Adding properties to our system entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with hotel owners. Our ability to attract and retain hotel owners and the terms of our agreements with hotel owners are influenced by the value, quality, and performance of our brands, the value and benefits of our Loyalty Program and other programs and services, our willingness to provide incentives to hotel owners to secure new agreements, the overall commercial terms of our agreements, and the relative value and benefits of offerings otherwise available to hotel owners in the market, among other things. We cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to renew agreements or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today. The effects of, or our failure to comply with, applicable laws, regulations, and government policies may disrupt our business, lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, or damage our reputation. We, the hotels in our system, our other lodging offerings, and the programs that we offer are subject to or affected by a variety of laws, regulations, and government policies around the globe, including, among others, those related to employment practices; marketing and advertising; consumer protection; trade and economic sanctions; anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering; intellectual property; cybersecurity, data privacy, data localization, data transfers, the handling of personally identifiable information, and AI and other emerging technologies; the offer and sale of franchises; competition and pricing; climate and the environment; health, safety, and accessibility; food and beverage sales; gaming and other entertainment offerings; and credit card products. These laws, regulations, and government policies may be complex and change frequently and may not be reconcilable across jurisdictions, and could have a range of adverse effects on our business. The compliance programs, internal controls, and policies we maintain and enforce need to be updated regularly to keep pace with changing laws, regulations, and government policies, may not cover all applicable risk areas, and, as we have seen in the past, may not prevent us, our associates, service providers, or agents from materially violating applicable laws, regulations, and government policies. The requirements of applicable laws, regulations, and government policies, our failure to meet such requirements 12 Table of Contents (including investigations and publicity resulting from actual or alleged failures), or actions we take to comply with such requirements or investigations could have significant adverse effects on our results of operations, reputation, or ability to grow our business. Third-party claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others or our failure to defend our own intellectual property rights could materially adversely affect our business . Third parties sometimes make claims against us for infringing their intellectual property rights (including as a result of the actions of our hotel owners, service providers, and other parties with whom we do business). We have been and are currently party to a number of such claims and may be subject to additional claims in the future. Such claims, including pending claims, have in the past, and could in the future: be expensive and time consuming to defend; require or result in significant monetary payments to claimants; require or result in the limitation or cessation of our use of the intellectual property at issue; force us to redesign or rebrand our products or services; or result in other adverse effects on our business or reputation. We may also be required to indemnify hotel owners, service providers, and other parties with whom we do business for losses they incur as a result of any infringement claims against them related to our intellectual property or as a result of our use of the intellectual property of third parties. In addition, if third parties copy or use our intellectual property without authorization, the value of our brands, our competitive advantages, or our goodwill could be harmed. The steps we take to secure, protect, and defend our intellectual property rights may not succeed or be adequate to prevent others from infringing, copying, or using our intellectual property without proper authorization. Such steps, including enforcing our intellectual property rights, are costly and could force us to divert our resources, lead to counterclaims or other claims against us, or otherwise result in harm to our business. If our brands, goodwill, or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant non-cash charges to earnings. We hold a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our Balance Sheets. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. Estimated fair values of our brands or reporting units could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory claims, actions or developments, changes in guests perception and the reputation of our brands, or changes in interest rates, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. Because of the significance of our goodwill and other intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial condition and results of operations. Our business depends on the quality and reputation of our Company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations . Many factors can affect the reputation and value of our Company or one or more of our brands, hotels in our system, or other offerings, including adherence to service and other brand standards; matters related to, or incidents involving, food quality and safety, guest and associate safety, health and cleanliness, sustainability, supply chain management, access to opportunity, human rights, and support for local communities; actions perceived as relating to political or social matters; and compliance with applicable laws. Reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands, hotels in our system, or other offerings, and it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. While reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations, proceedings or penalties, or litigation. Negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our Loyalty Program, loss of development opportunities, adverse government attention, adverse reaction from hotel owners, service providers, or other third parties, or associate retention and recruiting difficulties. Any material decline in the reputation or perceived quality of our brands or corporate image could affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our hotel owners, service providers, and other third parties are subject to similar risks, which could also impact us. Actions by our hotel owners or others could materially adversely affect our image and reputation . We franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties for lodging, timeshare, and residential properties, and with respect to our credit card programs and other offerings, and enter into marketing and other strategic collaborations with other companies. Under the terms of their agreements with us, these third parties interact directly with guests and others under or in connection with our brand and trade names. These third parties sometimes fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience financial or operational problems, including data or privacy incidents, or negative incidents related to matters described in the preceding risk factor; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, each of which could have a material negative impact on our image and reputation. Although our agreements with these third parties generally provide us 13 Table of Contents with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, certain actions by these third parties may not give rise to recourse or remedies, and for those that do, it could be expensive or time-consuming for us to pursue such remedies, and even if we are successful in pursuing such remedies, that may not be sufficient to mitigate reputational harm to us. We also cannot assure you that in every instance a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights or that we could collect any awarded damages from the defaulting party. Collective bargaining activity and strikes could materially disrupt hotel operations, increase labor costs, and interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies . A significant number of associates at our managed, leased, and owned hotels are covered by collective bargaining agreements. If relationships with our organized associates or the unions that represent them become adverse, then, as we have seen in the past, the properties we operate could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts, and public demonstrations. Numerous collective bargaining agreements are typically subject to negotiation each year, and the successful resolution of such negotiations in the past does not mean that future negotiations will be resolved without significant strikes or disruptions, or on satisfactory terms. For many of the hotels in our system, including our franchised and licensed properties, we do not have the ability to control the negotiations of collective bargaining agreements, and collective bargaining activity and labor disruptions at these properties could adversely impact our business. Labor disputes and disruptions sometimes result in adverse publicity or regulatory investigations and adversely affect operations and revenues at impacted hotels. In addition, labor disputes and disruptions or increased demands from labor unions can sometimes harm associate relations, result in increased regulatory requirements or inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities, harm relationships with guests and hotel owners, divert management attention, and reduce guest demand, all of which could have a significant adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could, as we have seen in the past, lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses and legal costs, and limitations on our ability or the ability of our hotel owners to take cost saving measures during economic downturns. Increased unionization of the workforce at hotels in our system, new labor legislation, or changes in regulations could disrupt operations at hotels in our system, reduce profitability, or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies. Our business could suffer if we or the hotels in our system cannot attract and retain associates or as the result of the loss of the services of our senior executives . We and the hotels in our system compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for personnel. We and the hotels in our system have in the past experienced, and could in the future experience, challenges hiring for certain positions due to various factors, such as increasing wage expectations or competition for labor from other industries, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. If we or the hotels in our system cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of associates, we could experience significant negative impacts on operations, associate morale and turnover, guest satisfaction, or our internal control environment. Insufficient numbers of associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our business. Labor shortages have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in higher wages and initial hiring costs, increasing our labor costs and labor costs at hotels in our system, which could reduce our revenues and profits. In addition, the efforts and abilities of our senior executives are important elements of maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth, and the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives could result in challenges executing our business strategies or other adverse effects on our business. Extreme weather, natural disasters, climate change, and sustainability-related concerns have impacted our business in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations . We, the hotels in our system, and our other lodging offerings are subject to the risks associated with extreme weather, natural disasters, and climate change, including physical impacts, changes in laws and regulations, and changing consumer preferences. We have seen a decline in travel and reduced demand for lodging as a result of natural disasters and extreme weather in some markets and in areas of the world from which we draw guests, and the prevalence and impact of these events may increase or worsen in the future. Natural disasters, extreme weather, and other climate impacts and events (including rising sea levels, extreme hot or cold weather, hurricanes and typhoons, flooding, water shortages, fires, and droughts) have impacted, and continue to impact, hotels in our system, including by causing physical damage that prevents or limits the operations of the property or resulting in increases in insurance, energy or other operating costs. Significant costs could be involved in improving the efficiency and climate resiliency of hotels in our system and otherwise preparing for, responding to, and mitigating climate or sustainability related impacts, events, or concerns affecting hotels in our system. Compliance with climate-related legislation and regulation, and our efforts related to our climate and sustainability initiatives, have been and are expected to continue to be complex and costly. Climate or other sustainability-related concerns may affect guests travel choices, including their frequency of travel. As a result of the foregoing, as we have seen in the past to some extent, we may experience reduced demand, increased costs, operating disruptions or limitations, and physical damage to hotels in our system, and we could experience constraints on our growth, all of which could adversely affect our profits and growth. 14 Table of Contents Insurance may not cover damage to, or losses involving, hotels in our system or other aspects of our business, and the cost of such insurance could increase . We require comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for hotels in our system with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary. Market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we or our hotel owners can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. Certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes and floods, terrorist acts, pandemics, or liabilities that result from incidents involving the security of information systems, may result in high deductibles, low limits, or may be uninsurable, or the cost of obtaining insurance may be unacceptably high. As a result, we and our hotel owners may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels, or may not be successful in obtaining insurance at all. For example, over the past several years following the severe and widespread damage caused by natural disasters, coupled with continued large global losses, the property, liability, and other insurance markets have seen significant cost increases. Further, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we or our hotel owners carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. As a result, our revenues and profits could be adversely affected, and for properties we own or lease, we could lose some or all of the capital that we have invested in the property and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations. Our Loyalty Program plays a significant role in our business, and unfavorable developments affecting the program could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our Loyalty Program is an important aspect of our business. Our Loyalty Program faces significant competition from the loyalty programs offered by other hospitality companies, banks, airlines, and others. There is significant competition among loyalty programs in terms of the value and utility of program currency, rewards ranges and values, other program terms and conditions, and other program features, including co-branded credit card affiliations and offerings. If we are not able to maintain a competitive and attractive loyalty program or if we make changes to our Loyalty Program, including as a result of legal or regulatory requirements or considerations, we could experience significant adverse effects on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations, including our ability to acquire, engage, and retain members in our Loyalty Program and our ability to operate other programs (including our co-branded credit card program). In addition, to the extent that legislative or regulatory changes negatively impact credit card issuers or networks, we could also see material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, including reduced revenues from our co-branded credit card agreements and a range of adverse impacts to our Loyalty Program, such as reduced program funding. Exchange rate fluctuations could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results . We earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies in connection with our operations outside of the U.S. Accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of U.S. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the U.S. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. We are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our non-U.S. business are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to U.S. dollars for inclusion in our Financial Statements. As a result, exchange rate changes between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and could have a material negative effect on our financial results. To the extent that our international operations continue to grow, our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow. Even though we enter into foreign exchange hedging arrangements for some of the currencies in which we do business, exchange rate fluctuations will result in foreign currency gains and losses and could materially affect our results. Our hedging arrangements may also create their own costs and risks, including in the form of cash flow impacts, credit requirements, and counterparty risk. Development and Financing Risks Our hotel owners depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and they may be unable to access capital when necessary . Current and potential hotel owners must periodically spend money to fund new hotel investments, as well as to refurbish and improve existing hotels. The availability of funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels by our current and potential hotel owners depends in large measure on their ability to access the capital markets. Obtaining financing on attractive terms has been, and may in the future be further, constrained by the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. Our ability to grow our system is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments . Our ability to sustain continued growth through franchise, management, or license agreements with hotel owners is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. These include site availability, financing availability, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy and rate, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our agreements with hotel owners, costs of construction, demand for and availability of construction labor, materials, and resources, and other disruptive conditions in global, regional, or local markets. 15 Table of Contents Our owned properties and other real estate investments subject us to numerous risks . We have a number of owned and leased properties and investments in joint ventures that own properties, which are each subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property. We may seek to sell some of these properties over time; however, equity real estate investments can be difficult to sell, and we may not be able to complete asset sales at prices we find acceptable or at all. Moreover, the investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated, if any, by the particular properties, and the expenses incurred. A variety of other factors also affect income from properties and real estate values, including local market conditions and new supply of hotels and other lodging products, operating costs, governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, and the availability of financing. Our real estate investments have been, and could in the future be, impacted by any of these factors, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. If our properties do not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses and make needed capital expenditures, our income could be adversely affected, and we could be required to record additional significant non-cash impairment charges to our results of operations. Risks associated with development and sale of residential properties associated with our lodging properties or brands may reduce our profits . We license many of our brands for use in connection with the development and sale of residential properties. Such projects pose further risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging business, which may reduce our profits or compromise our brand equity, including risks that: (1) changes in residential real estate demand generally may reduce our profits and could make it more difficult to convince future project developers of the value added by our brands; and (2) increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability or the tax benefits of mortgage financing or residential ownership generally, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay. More hotel projects in our development pipeline may be cancelled or delayed in opening, which could adversely affect our growth prospects . We report a significant number of hotels in our development pipeline, including hotels under construction, hotels subject to signed contracts, and hotels approved for development but not yet under contract. The eventual opening of such pipeline hotels and, in particular, the approved hotels that are not yet under contract, is subject to numerous risks, including the other risks described in this section. We have seen construction timelines for pipeline hotels lengthen due to various factors, including challenges related to financing and the other risks described in this section, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that all of our development pipeline will result in additional hotels entering our system, or that those hotels will open when we anticipate. Losses on loans or guarantees that we have made to third parties impact our profits . From time to time, we make loans to hotel owners as described in Note 12 and provide guarantees to hotel owners or lenders as described in Note 7. We have suffered losses, and could suffer losses in the future, when hotel owners default on loans that we provide or when we are required to fund under guarantees and do not receive reimbursement from the hotel owner. If hotel owners cannot repay or refinance mortgage loans secured by their properties, default under property leases, or experience other financial difficulties, our revenues and profits could materially decrease and our business could be significantly harmed . Many hotel owners have pledged their hotels as collateral for mortgage loans that they entered into when those properties were purchased or refinanced. If those hotel owners cannot meet required debt service payments or repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, the lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt, and foreclose on the property, or the hotel owners could declare bankruptcy, as we have seen in the past and could see in the future. In addition, some hotel owners have leased their property from a third-party landlord. If hotel owners cannot make required lease payments or otherwise comply with lease terms, the landlord could declare a default and terminate the lease, as we have seen in the past and could see in the future. In some cases, such foreclosures, bankruptcies, lease terminations, or other financial difficulties have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in the termination of our franchise, management, or license agreements, eliminating our anticipated income and cash flows, which could have a significant negative effect on our results of operations or reputation. Technology, Information Protection, and Privacy Risks Disruption in the functioning of our reservation, Loyalty Program, or other core operational systems, or our use of certain new technologies, could adversely affect our business . In the operation of our business, we manage or use sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, customer relationship management, analytics, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our Loyalty Program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for associates. The cost, speed, accuracy, and efficiency of these technologies and systems are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. Our business may suffer if we or our hotel owners, service providers, or other third parties fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to these systems. Disruptions in or changes to these systems, including during upgrades or replacements, could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data. 16 Table of Contents We are incorporating AI and other emerging technologies into certain of our processes, offerings, and services, and these technologies may become increasingly important in our operations over time. The introduction of these technologies, particularly generative AI, into our processes, offerings, and services may also result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, including due to increased government attention and rapidly-evolving regulatory frameworks governing such technologies, legal claims and assertions, compliance and ethical considerations, data security and privacy risks, and other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, it is possible that AI could be improperly utilized by associates while carrying out their responsibilities or lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or biased, or that results in other unintended harmful impacts, which could harm our reputation and business and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position . The lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, customer relationship management, finance, analytics, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our Loyalty Program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for associates, and these and other technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis. Our business could suffer if we cannot refine, update, and/or replace technologies and systems as quickly or effectively as our competitors, sufficiently in advance of obsolescence or performance failure or degradation, or within budgeted costs and time frames. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new or upgraded technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower guest satisfaction or could impair our operating results. We are undertaking a multi-year transformation of our reservations, property management, and loyalty systems. The development and deployment of our new systems could involve delays, system interruptions, compromises of data security, or other operational impacts, including impacts on our financial reporting or internal control environment. Additionally, if we fail to keep pace with rapidly-evolving technological developments in AI and other emerging technologies, our competitive position and business may suffer. We are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of data . In the operation of our business, we collect, store, use, and transmit large volumes of personal data regarding associates, guests, customers, hotel owners, service providers, other third parties, and our own business operations, including credit card numbers, reservation and loyalty data, and other personal data, in various information systems that we maintain and in systems maintained by third parties, including those of our hotel owners, service providers, and other third parties with whom we or they do business. The integrity and protection of this personal data are critical to our business. Our guests and associates also have a high expectation that we, as well as our hotel owners, service providers, and other third parties with whom we or they do business, will adequately protect and appropriately use their personal data. The information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by global laws and regulations, our contractual obligations, and the requirements of the payment card industry continue to become increasingly stringent in many jurisdictions in which we operate. Our information systems and the information systems maintained or used by our hotel owners, service providers, and other third parties with whom we or they do business may not be able to satisfy these changing legal and regulatory requirements and associate and guest expectations; we and/or these third parties may require significant additional investments or time to do so; and security controls that we and/or these third parties may implement sometimes do not operate effectively or as intended. We have incurred and may in the future incur significant additional costs to meet these requirements, obligations, and expectations, and in the event of alleged or actual noncompliance, we may experience increased operating costs, increased exposure to payment obligations and litigation, and increased risk of damage to our reputation and brand. The Data Security Incident, and other information security incidents, could have numerous adverse effects on our business . As a result of the data security incident involving unauthorized access to the Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, LLC, formerly known as Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc. ( Starwood ), reservations database that we disclosed in November 2018 (the Data Security Incident ), numerous lawsuits and investigations were filed or initiated against us, as described further in Note 7, and we may become subject to additional actions related to the Data Security Incident. Responding to and resolving these lawsuits, claims, and/or investigations has resulted in payments and other expenses, and could result in material additional payments or remedial or other expenses. In 2024, we reached final resolutions with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) and the Attorney General offices from 49 U.S. states and the District of Columbia (the AG Offices ) in relation to the Data Security Incident, which include, among other terms, various long-term requirements relating to our data privacy and information security programs. In the event of alleged or actual noncompliance with these resolutions, we could face enforcement actions or contempt proceedings that could potentially result in fines, penalties, requirements to make additional changes to our data privacy and information security programs or business practices, or other adverse outcomes, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and damage our reputation and brand. Insurance coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the Data Security Incident is costly and may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including payments, fines, or penalties 17 Table of Contents resulting from legal proceedings or investigations) related to the Data Security Incident, and certain expenses by their nature (such as, for example, expenses related to enhancing our data privacy and information security programs) are not covered by our insurance program. Additional cybersecurity incidents could have adverse effects on our business. We have enhanced our security measures to safeguard our information systems and data, and we intend to continue implementing additional measures in the future, but, as we have seen in the past, our measures may not be sufficient to maintain the confidentiality, security, or availability of the data we collect, store, and use to operate our business. Security measures implemented by our hotel owners, service providers, and other third parties with whom we or they do business also may not be sufficient, as we have seen in the past. Efforts to hack or circumvent security measures, efforts to gain unauthorized access to, exploit or disrupt the operation or integrity of our data or information systems, failures of information systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, ransomware or other malware, supply chain attacks, phishing or other types of business communications compromises, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data have impacted, and may in the future impact, our information systems and records or those of our hotel owners, service providers, or other third parties with whom we or they do business. Security measures, no matter how well designed or implemented, may only mitigate and not fully eliminate risks, and security events, when detected by security tools or third parties, may not always be immediately understood or acted upon. Our reliance on computer, Internet-based, and mobile systems and communications, and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by third parties to gain unauthorized access or prevent authorized access to such systems, have greatly increased in recent years. Our increased reliance on cloud-based services and on remote access to information systems and our use of AI and other emerging technologies increases the Company s exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. We and our hotel owners, service providers, and other third parties with whom we or they do business have experienced cyberattacks, attempts to disrupt access to systems and data, and attempts to affect the operation or integrity of data or systems, and the frequency and sophistication of such efforts could continue to increase. Any additional significant theft of, unauthorized access to, compromise or loss of, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of guest, associate, hotel owner, service provider, Company, or other data as a result of a cybersecurity incident could adversely impact our reputation and could result in legal, regulatory, and other consequences, including remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. Depending on the nature and scope of the event, future compromises in the security of our information systems or those of our hotel owners, service providers, or other third parties with whom we or they do business, or other future disruptions or compromises of data or information systems, could lead to future interruptions in, or other adverse effects on, the operation of our systems or those of our hotel owners, service providers, or other third parties with whom we or they do business. This could result in operational interruptions and/or outages and a loss of profits, as well as negative publicity and other adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, loss of consumer confidence, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our Loyalty Program, litigation, regulatory investigations or actions, diminished associate satisfaction, and/or retention and recruiting difficulties, all of which could materially affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. Because we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, additional cybersecurity incidents or the failure to detect and appropriately respond to additional cybersecurity incidents could magnify the severity of the adverse effects on our business. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage information systems change frequently (including the integration of AI and other emerging technologies), can be difficult to detect for long periods of time, and can involve difficult or prolonged assessment or remediation periods even once detected, which could also magnify the severity of these adverse effects. We cannot assure you that all potential causes of past significant cybersecurity incidents have been identified and remediated; additional measures may be needed to prevent significant incidents in the future. The steps we take may not be sufficient to prevent future significant cybersecurity incidents, and as a result, such incidents may occur again. Although we carry cyber insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, that insurance coverage may not be sufficient or available to cover all expenses or other losses (including payments, fines, or penalties) or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cyberattacks, security compromises, and other related incidents. Furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Changes in privacy and data security laws could increase our operating costs and increase our exposure to payment obligations and litigation . We are subject to numerous, complex, and frequently changing laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information. Various U.S. federal and state laws, non-U.S. laws, payment card industry security standards, and other information privacy and security standards are all applicable to us. Significant legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes have been and could be issued in the future. Compliance with changes in applicable data security and privacy laws and regulations and contractual obligations (including resolutions with regulators), including the need to respond to investigations into our compliance, has increased and is expected to in the future increase our costs, and may restrict our business operations, increase our exposure to payment obligations and litigation in the event of alleged noncompliance, and adversely affect our reputation. Compliance with evolving regulatory frameworks governing AI and other emerging technologies may affect our use of such technologies and our ability to incorporate such technologies into our processes, offerings, and services, and may result in increased costs and exposure to legal proceedings or investigations in the event of 18 Table of Contents alleged noncompliance. In addition, uncertainty around cross-border data transfers, including from the U.S., may require us to restrict certain data transfers, cease doing business with certain third parties, or change how data flows throughout our business, any of which could materially impact our operations. General Risk Factors Delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our Board of Directors could implement, anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. Under the Delaware business combination statute, a stockholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without our Board of Directors consent for at least three years after the date the stockholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. Our governing corporate documents also, among other things, require supermajority votes for mergers and similar transactions. In addition, our Board of Directors could, without stockholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a stockholder rights plan. Changes in tax law, interpretations of existing tax law, or agreements or disputes with tax authorities could increase our tax costs. Determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation and significant judgment, including because of the number of countries and territories in which we provide programs and services and the accounting complexity of certain of those programs and services. Applicable domestic and foreign tax authorities audit and review our determinations, and an adverse outcome resulting from any such audit or review could have a material negative effect on our operating results, cash flows, and financial condition. Our tax expenses and liabilities have in the past been and could in the future be affected by changes in tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws in any of the many jurisdictions in which we do business, as well as changes in our business operations. 