=== MS_2026-04-02.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 MORGAN STANLEY (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS April 2, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders, I cordially invite you to attend Morgan Stanley s 2026 annual meeting of shareholders on Thursday, May 14, 2026, which will be conducted virtually. I hope that you will be able to attend, and if not, I encourage you to vote by proxy. Your vote is very important. Morgan Stanley delivered record revenues and net income in 2025. This outstanding performance reflects the deliberate execution of our strategy, the strength of our diversified business model and the extraordinary talent of our people. The Firm s trusted advisor franchise delivered growth across businesses and regions with consistent performance throughout the year. Morgan Stanley produced full-year net revenues of $70.6 billion, diluted earnings per share of $10.21 and a return on average tangible common equity of 21.6%. Total client assets reached $9.3 trillion, marking another year of significant growth. The Firm executed its strategy of helping clients raise, manage and allocate capital from a position of strength. In Institutional Securities, Investment Banking pipelines strengthened throughout the year amid renewed confidence among issuers, and our world-class Markets segment gained share. In our Wealth and Investment Management divisions, client engagement strengthened resulting in increased asset inflows. Our performance reflects the multi-year investments that have contributed to growth across the Integrated Firm. The Firm s capital position remains strong with a standardized CET1 ratio of 15.0%, providing scope for ongoing investment in clients and technology across the Integrated Firm while supporting continued dividend growth and disciplined allocation of capital. Our strategy is working. The transformation of Morgan Stanley over the past decade and a half has produced a global, diversified franchise that performs durably across varying markets. Our Integrated Firm s business model, with a scaled wealth and investment manager alongside a leading global investment bank, compounds earnings in a capital-efficient way. We are executing across the four pillars of the Integrated Firm Strategy, Culture, Financial Strength and Growth to drive long-term value for shareholders. The extraordinary talent of our people and a client-centric culture rooted in Rigor, Humility and Partnership is at the heart of delivering a higher plane of performance. Key drivers of our success have been the breadth and tenure of our talent, as well as a unique culture and a set of values that guide our employees. We view Morgan Stanley s talent and culture as a key competitive advantage enabling the Firm to achieve its potential and drive future success. Morgan Stanley benefits from a seasoned and highly capable Board of Directors, guided by Independent Lead Director Tom Glocer. The Operating Committee greatly values their insight, direction and ongoing partnership. The Board remains deeply engaged throughout the year on the Firm s strategic priorities, including our approach to risk management and resilience. During 2025, we added Lynn Good, former Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Duke Energy, and Douglas Peterson, former Chief Executive Officer of S P Global, to our Board. They bring additional depth as successful CEOs of world-class organizations. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Masato Miyachi will step down from our Board at the annual meeting. We thank him for his many miles of travel and for his dedication and contributions to the Board, including serving on the Operations Technology Committee. We are nominating Yasushi Itagaki to replace him as an MUFG director representative and will benefit from his many years of international banking experience. Morgan Stanley entered 2026 from a position of strength. We continue to make investments in our core businesses and see significant opportunities ahead. Wealth Management s client acquisition funnel is expanding and driving growth, and Investment Management maintains a well-diversified portfolio. Institutional Securities plays a leadership role around the world and is positioned well for a robust corporate finance cycle. With Morgan Stanley s scale and business mix, we are supporting clients holistically, leveraging all our capabilities to meet their needs. We remain mindful of risk and are well-minded to proceed with equal doses of optimism and humility. Morgan Stanley s mission through periods of uncertainty and through the long arc of economic and market cycles remains the same: to raise, manage and allocate capital with excellence; to invest in our people; to deliver the Integrated Firm to our clients; and to compound earnings for our shareholders. Please also read my Letter to Shareholders where I discuss our achievements and opportunities for the future in greater detail. I look forward to hearing from you at the Annual Meeting next month. Thank you for your continued support of Morgan Stanley. Very truly yours, Ted Pick Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 2 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 4 OVERVIEW OF VOTING ITEMS 6 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS 15 Election of Directors 15 Director Succession and Nomination Process 15 Director Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills 17 Director Nominees 17 Corporate Governance Practices 27 Board Structure and Independence 27 Rotation of Board Leadership and Committee Appointments 27 Board Oversight 28 Director Orientation and Continuing Education 29 Senior Management Succession and Development Planning 29 Annual Evaluation of Board, Committees and Independent Lead Director 29 Shareholder Rights and Accountability 31 Shareholder Engagement 31 Corporate Political Activities 32 Sustainability 33 Community Development 35 Giving Back to the Community 36 Human Capital Management 37 Communication by Shareholders and Other Interested Parties with the Board of Directors 38 Additional Corporate Governance Information Available on Corporate Governance Webpage 38 Director Independence 38 Director Attendance at Annual Meeting 40 Board Meetings and Committees 41 Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 44 Compensation Governance and Risk Management 48 Director Compensation 50 Related Person Transactions Policy 52 Certain Transactions 53 AUDIT MATTERS 54 Ratification of Appointment of Morgan Stanley s Independent Auditor 54 Audit Committee Report 56 Independent Auditor s Fees 58 COMPENSATION MATTERS 59 Company Proposal to Approve the Compensation of Executives as Disclosed in the Proxy Statement (Non-Binding Advisory Vote) 59 Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) 61 Compensation, Management Development and Succession Committee Report 92 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 92 Executive Compensation 93 2025 Summary Compensation Table 93 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 95 2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 96 2025 Stock Vested 96 2025 Pension Benefits 97 2025 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 98 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 99 Compensation Ratio Disclosure 101 Pay Versus Performance 103 Commitment to Equitable Compensation Practices 109 OWNERSHIP OF OUR STOCK 110 Executive Equity Ownership Commitment 110 Director Equity Ownership Requirement 110 Insider Trading Policy 111 Prohibition Against Pledging and Hedging 111 Stock Ownership of Executive Officers and Directors 111 Principal Shareholders 113 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL 114 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING 119 Questions and Answers 119 Other Business 122 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS 1585 Broadway New York, NY 10036 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders TIME AND DATE 8:00 a.m. (EDT) on May 14, 2026 LOCATION In furtherance of Morgan Stanley s commitment to reduce our carbon footprint and facilitate shareholder participation regardless of physical location, we will hold our annual meeting virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MS2026. As always, we encourage you to vote your shares prior to the annual meeting. ITEMS OF BUSINESS Elect the Board of Directors for a one-year term Ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP (Deloitte Touche) as independent auditor Approve the compensation of executives as disclosed in the proxy statement (non-binding advisory vote) Consider a shareholder proposal, if properly presented at the meeting Transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof RECORD DATE The close of business on March 16, 2026 is the date of determination of shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting of shareholders (Record Date). ACCESS Record or beneficial owners of Morgan Stanley s common stock as of the Record Date may attend, vote and submit questions at our annual meeting from any location via the internet by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MS2026 and entering the control number on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice. If you are not a shareholder or do not have a control number, you may still access the meeting as a guest, but you will not be able to participate. See Information About the Annual Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, MARTIN M. COHEN Corporate Secretary April 2, 2026 VOTING It is important that all of your shares are voted. You may submit your proxy to have your shares voted online or by telephone or by returning your proxy card or voting instruction form, if you receive one in the mail. BY MOBILE DEVICE You can vote by scanning the QR Barcode on your proxy materials. BY INTERNET You can vote online at www.proxyvote.com. BY TELEPHONE You can vote by calling the number on your proxy materials. BY MAIL You can vote by mail by completing, dating, and signing your proxy card or voting instruction form and returning it in the postage-paid envelope. WEBCAST If you are unable to participate in the meeting, a replay of the meeting will be available at www.morganstanley.com/about-us-ir after the meeting. Please go to our website for details. NOTICE We are distributing to certain shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (Notice) on or about April 2, 2026. The Notice informs those shareholders how to access this proxy statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2025 Form 10-K) online and how to submit a proxy online. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to Be Held on May 14, 2026: Our Letter to Shareholders, proxy statement and 2025 Form 10-K are available free of charge on our website at www.morganstanley.com/2026ams. 4 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY INFORMATION AND FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This proxy statement includes statements that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the attainment of certain financial and other targets, objectives and goals. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts and represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. For a discussion of some of the risks and important factors that could affect our future results and financial condition, see Risk Factors in the 2025 Form 10-K. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the dates they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. References throughout this proxy statement to webpages, policies, or reports (including hyperlinks) are provided for our shareholders reference. None of the webpages, policies or reports referenced or discussed herein (including content accessible via hyperlinks) are deemed part of, or incorporated by reference in, this proxy statement or any other filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Overview of Voting Items This overview presents certain information that you should consider before voting on the items presented at this year s annual meeting; however, you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. In this proxy statement, we refer to Morgan Stanley as the Company, the Firm, we, our or us and the Board of Directors as the Board. Item 1 Election of Directors Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the election of all director nominees. See page 15 for Corporate Governance Matters and additional information, including qualifications of all director nominees. DIRECTOR NOMINEES Name, Age, Independence Occupation highlights Director since Other current U.S.-listed public boards Morgan Stanley Committees A CMDS G S O T R Megan Butler, 61 Independent Former Executive Director at the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) 2024 None M Thomas H. Glocer, 66 Independent Lead Director Former Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Thomson Reuters Corporation (Thomson Reuters) 2013 - Merck Co., Inc. M M Lynn J. Good, 67 Independent Former Chair, CEO and President of Duke Energy Corporation (Duke Energy) 2025 - The Boeing Company M Robert H. Herz, 72 Independent Former Partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC); Former Chair of Financial Accounting Standards Board 2012 - Workiva Inc. C M Yasushi Itagaki, 61 Non-Management Deputy Chairman of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (MUFG) None M * Erika H. James, 56 Independent Dean of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania 2022 None M M Hironori Kamezawa, 64 Non-Management Chairman of MUFG 2021 - MUFG M Shelley B. Leibowitz, 65 Independent Former Group Chief Information Officer (CIO) for the World Bank and CIO of several financial services firms 2020 - Elastic NV (Elastic) M M Jami Miscik, 67 Independent CEO of Global Strategic Insights; Former CEO and Vice Chair of Kissinger; Former Deputy Director for Intelligence at the Central Intelligence Agency 2014 - General Motors Company C M - HP Inc. Dennis M. Nally, 73 Independent Former Chair of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Ltd. 2016 - Cencora, Inc. f/k/a AmerisourceBergen Corporation (Cencora) M C Douglas L. Peterson, 67 Independent Former President and CEO of S P Global Inc. (SPGI) 2025 None M Edward Pick, 57 Chairman of the Board (Chairman) and CEO of Morgan Stanley 2024 None Mary L. Schapiro, 70 Independent Vice Chair for Global Public Policy and Special Advisor to the Founder and Chair of Bloomberg L.P.; Former Chair of the SEC 2018 None M M Perry M. Traquina, 70 Independent Former CEO and Managing Partner of Wellington Management Company LLP (Wellington) 2015 - eBay Inc. M C - The Allstate Corporation Rayford Wilkins, Jr., 74 Independent Former CEO of Diversified Businesses of AT T 2013 - Caterpillar Inc. M C - Valero Energy Corporation Note: Director ages are as of the date of the annual meeting. * Effective upon his election by shareholders, Mr. Itagaki will join the Operations and Technology Committee. A: Audit Committee G S: Governance and Sustainability Committee C: Chair CMDS: Compensation, Management Development and Succession Committee O T: Operations and Technology Committee R: Risk Committee M: Member 6 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Overview of Voting Items THE MORGAN STANLEY BOARD OF DIRECTORS Board Tenure Balance * Board Composition * Nominees Skills Align with Firm Business Model and Strategy * Board Independence * Data and metrics are as of the annual meeting and are based on information self-identified by each director nominee. KEY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Overview of Voting Items Item 2 Ratification of Appointment of Morgan Stanley s Independent Auditor Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the ratification of Deloitte Touche s appointment as our independent auditor. See page 54 for Audit Matters and additional information, including the Audit Committee Report and fees paid to Deloitte Touche. Item 3 Company Proposal to Approve the Compensation of Executives as Disclosed in the Proxy Statement (Non-Binding Advisory Vote) Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR this proposal. See page 61 for the Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) and additional information relating to the metrics and certain non-GAAP measures referenced below in Section 7 Explanatory Notes of the CD A. CEO PAY OVERVIEW: HOW WE DECIDE CEO PAY AND CEO PAY DECISION The CMDS Committee follows a prescribed framework for determining executive compensation to ensure that Morgan Stanley s compensation program delivers pay for sustainable performance, aligns compensation with shareholders interests, is motivating and competitive, and reflects shareholder input and best practices. The CMDS Committee established financial and non-financial Firmwide and business-segment performance priorities based on the Firm s strategic objectives, considered market pay data and peer practices in assessing relative pay positioning, evaluated absolute and relative Firm and CEO performance after the end of the year against the pre-determined performance priorities and strategic objectives, and determined compensation with shareholder-aligned features based on that performance assessment. The CMDS Committee based its decision of Mr. Pick's 2025 compensation on its assessment of his outstanding performance during his second year as CEO and first year as Chairman of the Board, evidenced by the Firm s exceptional results and Mr. Pick s consistent execution of the Firm s well-defined strategy of raising, managing and allocating capital. The CMDS Committee evaluated Mr. Pick s performance relative to the Firm s absolute and relative performance priorities and strategic objectives aligned with the CMDS Committee s CEO compensation framework, including his continued focus on the Firm s four pillars of the Integrated Firm - Strategy, Culture, Financial Strength and Growth. Under Mr. Pick s leadership, for 2025: The Firm achieved strong financial performance, with net revenues at a record $70.6 billion (up 14% year-over-year), net income applicable to Morgan Stanley of $16.9 billion, and earnings per share (EPS) also at a record of $10.21. The Firm delivered pre-tax profit of $22.0 billion (up 25% year-over-year). The Firm reported full-year ROTCE of 21.6% reflecting best-in-class returns, and an efficiency ratio of 68% exceeding our stated goal. The standardized Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Ratio at December 31, 2025 was 15.0%, after accreting $8.1 billion of CET1 capital, and ended the year with over 300 basis points (bps) of excess capital. The Firm continued to increase returns to shareholders as the quarterly dividend increased by $0.075 per share for a fourth year in a row to $1.00, with total dividends paid in 2025 of $6.1 billion. The Firm achieved market capitalization of $282 billion (an increase of 39%), retaining its premium valuation among peers, and delivered total shareholder returns of 45%. In 2025, Mr. Pick continued to execute the Firm s consistent strategy and deliver best-in-class performance, while upholding a strong culture, and retaining and motivating an exceptional, long-tenured leadership team that was critical to sustaining the positive momentum built over years of strategic evolution and long-term shareholder value creation. 8 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Overview of Voting Items Consistent with our pay-for-performance compensation framework and based on this performance assessment, Mr. Pick s total pay for 2025 was set at $45 million, with shareholder-aligned features. As described in CD A Section 4.2 How We Evaluate Market Pay, the CMDS Committee determined that due to meaningful market movement in the pay of CEOs at the Firm s Core Peers (Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, and Wells Fargo) for 2024, 2025 being Mr. Pick s second year as CEO, and Mr. Pick assuming the additional role of Chairman for 2025, Mr. Pick s 2024 compensation was not sufficiently aligned with current market pay norms. As a result, the CMDS Committee determined that market pay aligned with Mr. Pick s expanded role and Firm performance for 2024 was the more appropriate reference before factoring in its holistic review of absolute and relative Firm and individual performance across financial and non-financial results for 2025. 75% of Mr. Pick s incentive compensation is deferred for three years and is subject to cancellation and 100% of Mr. Pick s deferred incentive compensation is delivered in the form of performance stock units (PSUs). The significant weighting of performance-based equity aligns with shareholder interests by tying a significant portion of Mr. Pick s compensation to the Firm s long-term financial performance and reinforcing his accountability for the achievement of the Firm s financial and strategic objectives. His ultimate realizable award value is directly linked to prospective performance against core financial metrics over a three-year period. The key features of the PSUs are described in CD A Section 5.4 Performance Stock Unit Program. Additional shareholder-aligned features of our compensation program are summarized in CD A Section 5.1 How We Incorporate Performance into CEO Pay Decision under the heading How We Ensure CEO Pay Is Tied to Long-Term Sustainable Value Creation. As discussed in CD A Section 5.4 Performance Stock Unit Program, for grants beginning in 2026, the CMDS Committee amended performance-vested equity awards to ensure that the awards are appropriately balanced, aligned with strategic objectives and competitive with the market, and continue to attract, retain and motivate top talent at the executive level. 2025 CEO Incentive Compensation MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Overview of Voting Items HOW WE EVALUATE FIRM PERFORMANCE In its assessment of 2025 performance in determining the annual incentive compensation of the CEO, the CMDS Committee considered Morgan Stanley s overall financial performance and business segment performance and progress towards its strategic objectives and against absolute and relative performance priorities tied to the four pillars that support our Integrated Firm a clear and consistent Strategy in support of clients; a Culture of rigor, humility and partnership; Financial Strength through strong capital, liquidity, and earnings; and Growth by investing across the Firm. In 2025, Mr. Pick continued to execute the Firm s consistent strategy and achieve best-in-class performance, while also upholding a strong culture and retaining and motivating an exceptional leadership team with a long tenure at the Firm that was critical to maintaining the positive momentum achieved over the years in evolving the Firm s strategy and creating long-term shareholder value. Strong results in 2025 are on track or exceeding Firmwide goals supported by our four pillars of the Integrated Firm. Client Asset growth accelerated with an additional $1.4 trillion in 2025. ROTCE exceeded the Firm s goal. Wealth Management s pre-tax margins were at record levels. Institutional Securities continued to gain durable Wallet Share with clients across underwriting and equities trading reflecting the strength of our integrated investment bank and global franchise. Strategic Objectives The Firm s trusted advisor franchise across all business segments drove revenue, asset and client share growth, while maintaining strong capital and growing the dividend. Our Wealth Management and Investment Management businesses ended the year with $9.3 trillion in total Client Assets, the Firm delivered a full-year ROTCE of 21.6%, and the Firm generated a record EPS of $10.21 for the full year. The Firm accreted $8.1 billion of CET1 capital while supporting our clients, growing our business and returning capital to shareholders. The CET1 Ratio at December 31, 2025 was 15.0%. The Firm continued to prudently grow the dividend, invest in the three businesses and across our infrastructure, and repurchase stock. The Firm raised the quarterly dividend by $0.075 per share for a fourth year in a row to $1.00 per share and, for the full year, bought back $4.6 billion of common stock. In 2025, the Firm effectively deployed capital to support clients and translated that into earnings growth. 10 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Overview of Voting Items Total Client Assets Revenue Growth Robust Excess Capital Supporting Consistent Dividend Growth 2025 ROTCE (%) Under Mr. Pick s leadership, for 2025, the Firm achieved strong financial performance across revenues, net income and EPS, and delivered a record year for Morgan Stanley, reflecting prudent investments for growth and operating leverage. Multiyear investments for growth in each of Wealth Management, Institutional Securities and Investment Management via talent, clients, resiliency, technological innovation, the integration of acquisitions and the execution of the Integrated Firm were supported by ongoing disciplined prioritization of our expense base. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Overview of Voting Items Expanding Our Capabilities Through Strategic Investments and Inorganic Growth Opportunities The Firm also continued to generate strong shareholder returns reflecting consistently excellent performance and durable growth. Five-year shareholder returns continue to outpace Core Peers and benefit shareholders, and one-, three- and five-year shareholder returns outperformed the S P 500 Financials Index. 1-Year (2025) TSR 3-Year (2023 2025) TSR 5-Year (2021 2025) TSR For more detail regarding the CMDS Committee s assessment of 2025 Firm and CEO performance, see CD A Section 4.3 How We Evaluate Firm Performance and Section 4.4 How We Evaluate Individual Performance. 12 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Overview of Voting Items HOW WE INCORPORATE PERFORMANCE INTO CEO PAY DECISION The 2025 pay decision for the CEO was made by the CMDS Committee, in consultation with the Board, following its assessment of Mr. Pick s performance relative to the Firm s absolute and relative performance priorities and strategic objectives aligned with the CMDS Committee s CEO compensation framework, as well as its evaluation of market pay. The CMDS Committee also based its 2025 CEO pay decision on its assessment of Mr. Pick s performance as outstanding during his second year as CEO and first year as Chairman of the Board, evidenced by the Firm s exceptional results and Mr. Pick s consistent execution of the Firm s well-defined strategy of raising, managing and allocating capital. The CMDS Committee determined that the 2025 pay decision for Mr. Pick of $45 million, with shareholder-aligned features, was appropriate. 2025 Performance Evaluation 2025 CEO Compensation Elements ** This is the amount the CMDS Committee awarded to the CEO in early 2026 for 2025 performance. This amount differs from the SEC required disclosure in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Overview of Voting Items HOW WE ENGAGE WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND OUR SAY ON PAY VOTE Morgan Stanley is committed to open and ongoing communication with our shareholders and takes the opportunity to engage with shareholders directly on compensation and other matters. We highly value engaging with our shareholders and have a demonstrable history of being responsive to their feedback. A substantial majority (approximately 95.43%) of the votes cast at the May 2025 annual meeting of shareholders were in favor of our annual Say on Pay proposal. In 2025, we continued our engagement program, seeking feedback from shareholders and proxy advisory firms on a variety of topics, including our strategy, financial performance, human capital management, corporate governance, and sustainability. The feedback that we received during the engagement program was conveyed to the CMDS Committee and the Board. Shareholders who provided feedback during our engagement program generally emphasized their support for the Firm s leadership team, the Firm s strategy and long-term performance, and the Firm s annual compensation program for executives. Many shareholders also praised the quality of the Firm s disclosure and reported that the CMDS Committee s use of discretion in the administration of the executive compensation program is reasonable and that the general structure of our compensation program is viewed as well-aligned with absolute and relative performance and in line with the market. The CMDS Committee factored shareholder feedback, including the Say on Pay vote results, into its consideration of the executive compensation structure and determination of 2025 named executive officer (NEO) pay levels. After carefully considering shareholder feedback and other factors, the CMDS Committee maintained its performance-based approach to executive compensation for 2025. For a discussion of our shareholder engagement efforts, see the CD A Section 6 How We Engage with Shareholders and Our Say on Pay Vote. Item 4 Shareholder Proposal Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote AGAINST the shareholder proposal requesting an independent Board Chairman. See pages 114 - 118 for the shareholder proposal and our Board s opposition statement. 14 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Item 1 Election of Directors Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the election of all director nominees. Director Succession and Nomination Process KEY STATISTICS ON BOARD SUCCESSION 7 years 66 years 5 Average tenure of Board upon election at annual meeting Average age of Board upon election at annual meeting New directors in the last three years (since the beginning of 2023) The Governance and Sustainability (G S) Committee s charter provides that the committee will actively seek and identify nominees for recommendation to the Board consistent with the criteria in the Morgan Stanley Board of Directors Corporate Governance Policies (Corporate Governance Policies), which provide that the Board values members who: Combine a broad spectrum of experience and expertise with a reputation for integrity. Have experience in positions with a high degree of responsibility. Are leaders in the companies or institutions with which they are affiliated. Can make contributions to the Board and management. Represent the interests of shareholders. Possess a willingness to appropriately challenge management in a constructive manner. The Board has not adopted a formal written policy regarding director diversity. The Corporate Governance Policies provide that the Board will take into account, among other things, diversity of a director candidate s perspectives, background and work experience. The G S Committee and the Board may also determine specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills they are seeking in director candidates based on the needs of the Firm in light of the Firm s long-term strategy. In considering candidates for the Board, the G S Committee assesses the entirety of each candidate s credentials in the context of these criteria. The Board is committed to the ongoing review of Board composition and director succession planning. The G S Committee continuously reviews, among other things, the experience, qualifications, attributes, skills and tenure of the members of the Board and maintains a list of potential director candidates that is reviewed and refreshed regularly throughout the course of the year. The G S Committee may retain and terminate, in its sole discretion, a third party to assist in identifying director candidates or gathering information regarding a director candidate s background and experience. The G S Committee may also consider director candidates proposed by shareholders, as provided for in the Corporate Governance Policies. Members of the G S Committee, the Independent Lead Director and other members of the Board interview potential director candidates as part of the selection process when evaluating new director candidates. The Corporate Governance Policies provide that Board members may serve on three other public company boards (in addition to the Board), unless they are a CEO of another public company, in which case they may serve on one other public company board (in addition to the Board). In accordance with the Corporate MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Governance Policies, the Board expects a director to advise the Chairman and Corporate Secretary if he or she plans to join the board of directors or similar governing body of another public or private company or advisory board, or experiences other changed circumstances that could diminish his or her effectiveness as a director or otherwise be detrimental to the Firm. In addition, the Corporate Governance Policies provide that the Board expects a director to advise and to offer to tender his or her resignation for consideration by the Board if his or her principal occupation or employer changes. The G S Committee reviews a director s change in circumstances and time commitment to the Board throughout the year, including as part of the annual evaluation process, and considers a director s other time commitments, including service on other public company boards, when recommending the director nominees for election by shareholders at an annual meeting. The Corporate Governance Policies also provide that a director candidate should not be nominated for election if the candidate would be 75 years old or older at the time of election. Our Board currently includes two directors (Messrs. Kamezawa and Miyachi) who are designated in accordance with the terms of the Investor Agreement between Morgan Stanley and MUFG, dated October 13, 2008, as amended and restated (Investor Agreement), pursuant to which Morgan Stanley agreed to take all lawful action to cause two of MUFG s senior officers or directors to become members of the Board. Masato Miyachi, an Advisor of MUFG Bank, Ltd. (MUFG Bank) and Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co., Ltd., who has served on the Board since May 2022, will not be standing for re-election at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. The Board acknowledges Mr. Miyachi for his service as a director of Morgan Stanley, including his contributions as a member of the Operations and Technology (O T) Committee. MUFG has designated Yasushi Itagaki, Deputy Chairman of MUFG and Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of MUFG Bank, as a representative director under the Investor Agreement to stand for election, along with MUFG s other representative director, Hironori Kamezawa, Chairman of MUFG, at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. The G S Committee considered the experience, qualifications and skills of Mr. Itagaki, including his nearly 40 years of international banking experience and financial services, risk management and strategic expertise, and unanimously recommended that the Board nominate Mr. Itagaki as a director for election at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. Based on the recommendation of the G S Committee, the Board unanimously nominated and recommends that Mr. Itagaki be elected as a director at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. 16 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Director Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills When the Board nominates directors for election at an annual meeting, it evaluates the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that an individual director candidate contributes to the tapestry of the Board as a whole to assist the Board in discharging its duties and overseeing the Firm s strategy. This evaluation is part of the G S Committee s ongoing Board succession planning processes as well as the Board s annual self-evaluation. OUR DIRECTORS EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS ARE ALIGNED WITH FIRM STRATEGY The Firm believes that an effective board consists of individuals who possess a variety of complementary skills and a range of tenures. The G S Committee and the Board regularly consider these skills in the broader context of the Board s overall composition, with a view toward constituting a board that has the best skill set and experience to oversee the Firm s business and the broad set of challenges that it faces. Director Nominees The Board has nominated the following 15 director nominees for election at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. The Board believes that, in totality, the mix of experience, qualifications, attributes and skills among the nominees enhances our Board s effectiveness and is aligned with the Firm s long-term strategy. Our directors have a combined wealth of leadership experience derived from extensive service guiding large, complex organizations as executive leaders or board members and in government, academia and public policy, and possess a variety of qualifications, attributes and skills applicable to our business and long-term strategy. The Board stands for election at each annual meeting of shareholders. Each director holds office until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified or the director s earlier resignation, death or removal. Each nominee has indicated that he or she will serve if elected. We do not anticipate that any nominee will be unable or unwilling to stand for election, but if that happens, your proxy may be voted for another person nominated by the Board, or the Board may reduce the number of directors to be elected. In the biographical information for each director nominee that follows, the ages indicated are as of the date of the annual meeting and all other information is current as of the date of the filing of this proxy statement. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Notes: Data and metrics in the table above are as of the annual meeting and are based on information self-identified by each director nominee. Effective upon his election by shareholders, Mr. Itagaki will join the Board. 18 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Megan Butler, 61 Independent Director Director Since: 2024 Morgan Stanley Committees: Audit Thomas H. Glocer, 66 Independent Lead Director Director Since: 2013 Morgan Stanley Committees: CMDS G S Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Ms. Butler s extensive background in legal and regulatory matters, including her prior leadership roles at the PRA and FCA, brings to the Board a global perspective on the financial services industry and global regulatory framework as well as legal and risk management experience. Professional Experience: Executive Director of the FCA from 2020 to 2022. Executive Director of Supervision, Investment Wholesale and Specialists Division of the FCA from 2015 to 2020. Executive Director of International Banks Directorate of the PRA from 2013 to 2015. Head of Investment Banks Supervision from 2012 to 2013, and Director in the International Banks Division from 2008 to 2012 of the Financial Services Authority. Member of the Jersey Financial Services Board of Commissioners since June 2023. Member of the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley Co. International plc (MSIP), Morgan Stanley Bank International Limited (MSBIL) and Morgan Stanley International Limited (MSIL), each since October 2022. Qualified lawyer admitted to the Bar of England and Wales. Educational Experience: University of Sheffield, Bachelor of Laws Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Glocer s leadership positions, including in his capacity as Independent Lead Director appointed by our independent directors and as the former CEO of Thomson Reuters, bring to the Board extensive management experience as well as finance, operational and technology experience and an international perspective. Professional Experience: Founder of Angelic Ventures, LP (Angelic), a family office focusing on early-stage investments in financial technology, cyber defense and media, and Managing Partner of Angelic since 2012. CEO of Thomson Reuters, a news and information provider for businesses and professionals, from April 2008 through December 2011 and as CEO of Reuters Group PLC from July 2001 to April 2008. Joined Reuters Group PLC in 1993 and served in a variety of executive roles before being named CEO. Mergers and acquisitions lawyer at the law firm of Davis Polk Wardwell LLP from 1984 to 1993. Educational Experience: Columbia University, Bachelor s Degree Yale Law School, Juris Doctor Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards: Merck Co., Inc. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Lynn J. Good, 67 Independent Director Director Since: 2025 Morgan Stanley Committees: Audit Robert H. Herz, 72 Independent Director Director Since: 2012 Morgan Stanley Committees: Audit (Chair) G S Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Ms. Good brings to the Board leadership, strategic, governance, sustainability, cybersecurity and management experience as the former Chair, CEO and President of Duke Energy, one of the largest grid and generation operators, as well as an understanding of accounting and financial reporting matters through her prior service as CFO of Duke Energy and as an audit partner at Arthur Andersen LLP and Deloitte Touche. Professional Experience: Chair, CEO and President of Duke Energy from January 2016 to April 2025. CEO and President of Duke Energy from July 2013 to December 2015 and served in a variety of other executive positions at Duke Energy before being appointed CEO, including Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) from July 2009 to June 2013. Executive Vice President and CFO of Cinergy Corporation, prior to its merger with Duke Energy, in 2006, and Vice President, Controller and Chief Compliance Officer of Cinergy Corporation from 2003 to 2005. Audit Partner at Deloitte Touche from 2002 to 2003 and Arthur Andersen LLP from 1992 to 2002. Joined Arthur Andersen LLP in 1981 and held positions in risk consulting and internal audit practices before becoming an Audit Partner. Educational Experience: Miami University, Bachelor s Degrees Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards: The Boeing Company Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards in the Past Five Years: Duke Energy Corporation Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Herz brings to the Board extensive and global regulatory, public accounting, financial reporting, risk management, sustainability and financial services experience through his private and public roles, including as the former Chair of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Professional Experience: President of Robert H. Herz LLC, providing consulting services on financial reporting and other matters since September 2010. Member of the Integrated Reporting and Connectivity Council, advising the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) and International Accounting Standards Board, since August 2022. Member of the Transition Advisory Group, advising the International Financial Reporting Standards Foundation Trustees and the ISSB from August 2022 to October 2024. Director of the International Foundation for Valuing Impacts from June 2022 to November 2025, the Value Reporting Foundation Board from June 2021 to August 2022 and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Foundation Board from October 2014 to June 2021. Chair of the Financial Accounting Standards Board from July 2002 to September 2010 and a part-time member of the International Accounting Standards Board from January 2001 to June 2002. Member of the Standing Advisory Group of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board from 2012 to 2020 and served on the Accounting Standards Oversight Council of Canada from 2011 to March 2017. Partner of PwC from 1985 to 2002. Educational Experience: The University of Manchester, Bachelor s Degree Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards: Workiva Inc. Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards in the Past Five Years: Federal National Mortgage Association 20 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Yasushi Itagaki, 61 Non-Management Director Director Nominee Morgan Stanley Committees: O T * Erika H. James, 56 Independent Director Director Since: 2022 Morgan Stanley Committees: CMDS G S Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Itagaki brings to the Board nearly 40 years of international banking experience and financial services, risk management and strategic expertise, including in his various senior roles across MUFG and its associated companies. Professional Experience: Deputy Chairman of MUFG and Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of MUFG Bank since April 2026, and a Director of MUFG Bank since June 2023. Senior Managing Corporate Executive, Group Chief Operating Officer-International (COO-I) and Group Head of Global Commercial Banking Business Group of MUFG and Deputy President, Chief Executive of Global Commercial Banking Business Unit and COO-I of MUFG Bank from April 2023 to March 2026. President Commissioner and Director of PT Bank Danamon Indonesia Tbk (Bank Danamon) since April 2023. Former CEO (President Director) of Bank Danamon from October 2019 to March 2023. Managing Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Executive of the Global Commercial Banking Business Unit of MUFG Bank and Executive Officer of MUFG from May 2017 to March 2023. General Manager of Global Planning Division of MUFG Bank from May 2015 to April 2017. Executive Officer and General Manager of Planning Division for Asia and Oceania of MUFG Bank from June 2013 to April 2015. Numerous senior-level positions since joining The Bank of Tokyo, Ltd. (now MUFG Bank) in April 1987, including in Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory in Investment Banking in Tokyo, New York and London. Educational Experience: Kyoto University, Bachelor s Degree * Effective upon his election by shareholders, Mr. Itagaki will join the O T Committee. Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: As the Dean of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, Ms. James brings to the Board strong management and strategy experience as a leading expert in crisis leadership and human capital management. Professional Experience: Dean of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania since July 2020. Dean of Emory University s Goizueta Business School from July 2014 to May 2020. Senior Associate Dean for Executive Education at Darden School of Business, University of Virginia from January 2012 to July 2014. President of the Institute for Crisis Management, a consulting and research organization for crisis preparedness and response, from November 2012 to June 2014. Educational Experience: Pomona College of the Claremont Colleges, Bachelor s Degree University of Michigan, Master s Degree and Doctor of Philosophy Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards in the Past Five Years: Momentive Global Inc. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Hironori Kamezawa, 64 Non-Management Director Director Since: 2021 Morgan Stanley Committees: Risk Shelley B. Leibowitz, 65 Independent Director Director Since: 2020 Morgan Stanley Committees: Audit O T Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Kamezawa brings to the Board global leadership as well as 40 years of international banking experience and financial services, risk management, digital transformation and information technology expertise, including as the former President and Group CEO at MUFG and its associated companies. Professional Experience: Chairman of MUFG since April 2026 and Director of MUFG since June 2019. President and Group CEO of MUFG from April 2020 to March 2026. Director of MUFG Bank from June 2017 to March 2026. Deputy President of MUFG from April 2019 to March 2020 and Deputy President of MUFG Bank from April 2019 to March 2020. Chief Digital Transformation Officer from May 2017 to March 2020, Chief Operating Officer from April 2019 to March 2020, Chief Information Officer from May 2017 to March 2019 and Chief Data Officer of MUFG from May 2016 to May 2017. Deputy CEO of MUFG Americas and Chief Risk Officer for the Americas, based in New York, from May 2014 to May 2016. Numerous senior-level positions in Japan since joining The Mitsubishi Bank, Limited (now MUFG Bank) in April 1986, including in the Global Markets Planning Division and Credit Policy and Planning Division. Educational Experience: University of Tokyo, Bachelor s Degree University of Tokyo Graduate School of Mathematical Sciences, Master s Degree Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards: MUFG Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Ms. Leibowitz brings to the Board extensive leadership in technology and financial services, with expertise in digital transformation, innovation programs, technology oversight and risk management and information security. Professional Experience: President of SL Advisory since 2016, which provides advice and insights in innovation and digital transformation, information technology portfolio and risk management, digital trust, performance metrics and effective governance. Director of E*TRADE Financial Corporation (E*TRADE) from December 2014 until its acquisition by Morgan Stanley in October 2020. Group Chief Information Officer for the World Bank from 2009 to 2012. Chief Information Officer positions at Morgan Stanley, Greenwich Capital Markets, Barclays Capital and Investment Risk Management. Member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the New York Board of the National Association of Corporate Directors. Educational Experience: Williams College, Bachelor s Degree Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards: Elastic 22 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Jami Miscik, 67 Independent Director Director Since: 2014 Morgan Stanley Committees: O T (Chair) Risk Dennis M. Nally, 73 Independent Director Director Since: 2016 Morgan Stanley Committees: Audit CMDS (Chair) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Ms. Miscik brings to the Board extensive leadership in navigating geopolitical, macroeconomic and technology risks through her private and public roles, including her experience as CEO and Vice Chair of Kissinger and her service with the Central Intelligence Agency, as well as financial services experience. Professional Experience: CEO of Global Strategic Insights, a private consulting firm focused on advising on geopolitical issues, since July 2022. CEO and Vice Chair of Kissinger, a New York-based strategic international consulting firm that assesses and navigates emerging market geopolitical and macroeconomic risks for its clients, from March 2017 to June 2022. Co-CEO and Vice Chair of Kissinger from 2015 to 2017 and President and Vice Chair of Kissinger from 2009 to 2015. Global Head of Sovereign Risk at Lehman Brothers from 2005 to 2008. Various positions at the Central Intelligence Agency from 1983 to 2005, including as Deputy Director for Intelligence from 2002 to 2005. Co-Chair of the President s Intelligence Advisory Board from 2014 to 2017 and served as Senior Advisor for Geopolitical Risk at Barclays Capital. Educational Experience: Pepperdine University, Bachelor s Degree University of Denver Josef Korbel School of International Studies, Master s Degree Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards: General Motors Company HP Inc. Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Nally brings to the Board over 40 years of global regulatory, public accounting and financial reporting experience, including through his role as the former Chair of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Ltd., as well as extensive technology and risk management experience. Professional Experience: Chair of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Ltd., the coordinating and governance entity of the PwC network, from 2009 to July 2016. Chair and Senior Partner of the U.S. firm of PwC from May 2002 to June 2009. Joined PwC in 1974 and became a partner in 1985, serving in numerous leadership positions within PwC, including National Director of Strategic Planning, Audit and Business Advisory Services Leader and Managing Partner. Educational Experience: Western Michigan University, Bachelor s Degree Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards: Cencora MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Douglas L. Peterson, 67 Independent Director Director Since: 2025 Morgan Stanley Committees: Risk Edward Pick, 57 Chairman Director Since: 2024 Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Peterson has over 40 years of experience in the financial services industry and brings to the Board an international and financial markets perspective. As the former President and CEO of SPGI, he has extensive leadership experience, an established record as a strategic thinker, and risk management, human capital management, sustainability and technology experience. Professional Experience: Senior Advisor of SPGI from November 2024 to December 2025. Former President and CEO of SPGI from November 2013 to November 2024 and Director of SPGI from July 2013 to May 2025. Joined Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup) in 1985 and served in senior leadership positions, including Chief Operating Officer of Citibank, N.A. from 2010 to 2011, Chairman and CEO of Citigroup Japan from 2004 to 2010, Chief Auditor of Citigroup from 2000 to 2004 and positions of increasing responsibility in Latin America. Member of the Boards of Directors of the UN Global Compact, Japan Society and National Bureau of Economic Research. Member of the Advisory Board of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s Systemic Resolution Advisory Committee. Educational Experience: Claremont McKenna College, Bachelor s Degree Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, Master of Business Administration Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards in the Past Five Years: SPGI Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: As CEO of Morgan Stanley, Mr. Pick s over 30 years of experience with the Firm, including as Head of Institutional Securities and Co-Head of Corporate Strategy, brings to the Board the perspective of a strategic leader with deep knowledge of the Firm s businesses and risk management expertise. Professional Experience: Chairman of Morgan Stanley since January 2025 and CEO since January 2024. Co-President and Co-Head of Corporate Strategy of Morgan Stanley from June 2021 to December 2023. Head of Institutional Securities from July 2018 to December 2023. Global Head of Sales and Trading of Morgan Stanley from October 2015 to July 2018. Head of Global Equities from March 2011 to October 2015. Co-Head of Global Equities from April 2009 to March 2011. Co-Head of Global Capital Markets from July 2008 to April 2009. Co-Head of Global Equity Capital Markets from December 2005 to July 2008. Educational Experience: Middlebury College, Bachelor s Degree Harvard Business School, Masters in Business Administration 24 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Mary L. Schapiro, 70 Independent Director Director Since: 2018 Morgan Stanley Committees: G S Risk Perry M. Traquina, 70 Independent Director Director Since: 2015 Morgan Stanley Committees: O T Risk (Chair) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Ms. Schapiro s leadership experience, including at the SEC, FINRA and the CFTC, brings to the Board extensive legal and regulatory compliance, finance, risk management and public policy and government affairs experience, as well as markets, financial services and sustainability perspective. Professional Experience: Vice Chair for Global Public Policy and Special Advisor to the Founder and Chair of Bloomberg L.P. since October 2018. Vice Chair of the Advisory Board of Promontory Financial Group LLC (Promontory), a leading strategy, risk management and regulatory compliance firm, from January 2014 through 2018. Managing Director of Promontory from April 2013 to January 2014. Vice Chair of the Value Reporting Foundation Board from June 2021 to August 2022 and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board from May 2014 to June 2021. Chair of the SEC from January 2009 to December 2012. Chair and CEO of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) from 2006 to 2008, and served in numerous other key executive positions at FINRA and its predecessor from 1996 to 2006, including Vice Chair and President of NASD Regulation. Chair of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) from 1994 to 1996. Educational Experience: Franklin Marshall College, Bachelor s Degree The George Washington University Law School, Juris Doctor Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards in the Past Five Years: CVS Health Corporation Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Traquina brings to the Board extensive senior executive, financial services, regulatory and risk management experience, as well as investor perspective, sustainability and market knowledge from his over 30 years at the global investment management firm Wellington. Professional Experience: Chair, CEO and Managing Partner of Wellington, a global, multi-asset investment management firm, from 2004 through June 2014 as CEO and Managing Partner and from 2004 through December 2014 as Chair. Partner, Senior Vice President and Director of Global Research at Wellington from 1998 to 2002 and President from 2002 to 2004. Joined Wellington in 1980 and served in a number of executive roles. Educational Experience: Brandeis University, Bachelor s Degree Harvard Business School, Master of Business Administration Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards: eBay Inc. The Allstate Corporation MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Rayford Wilkins, Jr., 74 Independent Director Director Since: 2013 Morgan Stanley Committees: CMDS G S (Chair) Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Wilkins brings to the Board extensive leadership, risk management, technology and operational experience, as well as international perspective, through the various management positions he held at AT T, as well as a sustainability perspective. Professional Experience: CEO of Diversified Businesses of AT T, the telecommunications company, responsible for international investments, AT T Interactive, AT T Advertising Solutions and Customer Information Services from October 2008 to March 2012. Served in numerous other management roles at AT T, including as Group President and CEO of SBC Enterprise Business Services, Group President of SBC Marketing and Sales and President and CEO of Pacific Bell Telephone Company and Nevada Bell Telephone Company. Began career at Southwestern Bell Telephone in 1974. Educational Experience: The University of Texas at Austin, Bachelor s Degree Other U.S.-Listed Public Company Boards: Caterpillar Inc. Valero Energy Corporation Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the election of all of the director nominees. Proxies solicited by the Board will be voted FOR each nominee unless otherwise instructed. 26 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Corporate Governance Practices Morgan Stanley is committed to best-in-class governance practices, which are embodied in our Corporate Governance Policies available at www.morganstanley.com/about-us-governance. The Board initially adopted the Corporate Governance Policies in 1995 and reviews and approves them, and the Board committee charters, at least annually to ensure they reflect evolving best practices and regulatory requirements, including the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) corporate governance listing standards. The governance practices highlighted below are reflected in the Corporate Governance Policies, our bylaws and the Board committee charters, as applicable. Board Structure and Independence Our Board represents a tapestry of complementary skills, attributes and perspectives and includes individuals with financial services experience and a diverse international background. Directors may not stand for election if they will be 75 years old or older at the time of election. Our Board conducts an ongoing review of Board composition and succession planning, resulting in substantial refreshment of the Board and a variety of skills, attributes and perspectives on the Board. Upon election at the annual meeting, the average tenure of the members of the Board will be approximately seven years. Our Board has a substantial majority of independent directors. Our Chairman and CEO is the only member of management who serves on the Board. Our Independent Lead Director is selected from and appointed by the independent directors annually and has expansive duties set forth in our Corporate Governance Policies. The Independent Lead Director chairs regularly scheduled executive sessions without the Chairman present. See Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight. Rotation of Board Leadership and Committee Appointments It is expected that the Independent Lead Director and committee chairs will generally serve for a term that facilitates rotation of Board leadership and committee chairs while maintaining experienced leadership. In accordance with the Board s policy regarding the periodic rotation of committee appointments, the Board has approved the following committee appointments since the beginning of 2025: Ms. Good was appointed to the Audit Committee Mr. Peterson was appointed to the Risk Committee Mr. Itagaki will be appointed to the O T Committee effective upon his election by shareholders MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Board Oversight STRATEGIC, CAPITAL AND ANNUAL BUSINESS PLANS The Board oversees the Firm s strategic, capital and annual business plans. The Board: Conducts an annual strategy offsite with the CEO and senior management to review the Firm s long-term strategy. Receives regular reporting regarding strategy at Board meetings as well as by the CEO and Operating Committee outside of regularly scheduled meetings. Reviews the Firm s annual strategic presentation to shareholders, which summarizes the Firm s progress on its strategic objectives, provides an overview of long-term strategic priorities and includes specific financial and non-financial goals. The Firm s 2026 strategic presentation to investors is available at www.morganstanley.com/about-us-ir. CULTURE AND RISK MANAGEMENT The Board oversees the Firm s practices and procedures relating to culture, values and conduct and the global ERM framework, and is responsible for helping to ensure that the Firm s risks, including reputational risks, are managed in a sound manner. The Board regularly reviews the Firm s financial and non-financial risks and the responsibilities of management and the Board committees to assist the Board in its risk oversight. The Board has a separate committee responsible for operations and technology, including cybersecurity risk, and the Board receives briefings on cybersecurity. See Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight Board Oversight of Cybersecurity Risk, Board Meetings and Committees Committees Operations and Technology Committee and Board Meetings and Committees Committees Risk Committee. ACCESS TO THE FIRM S REGULATORS, EMPLOYEES AND INDEPENDENT ADVISORS Independent directors, including the Independent Lead Director and the Chairs of the Audit, Risk and O T committees, meet with our primary regulator, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve) and other global regulators as requested. Directors also have complete and open access to senior members of management and other employees of the Firm. For instance: Board members have met with local management and independent control functions throughout the world and have visited several of our global offices. The Independent Lead Director and committee chairs meet with management between regularly scheduled meetings to discuss key items, develop Board and committee agendas and provide feedback regarding information reported to the Board and on other topics to be reviewed. The Firm s Co-Presidents, Chief Audit Officer, Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Chief Legal Officer (CLO) and Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) and Chief Risk Officer (CRO) regularly attend Board meetings and maintain an ongoing dialogue with Board members between Board meetings. The CMDS Committee, in conjunction with the entire Board, reviews succession and development plans for the CEO and senior executives on a recurring basis. The Board, the Independent Lead Director and each committee have the right at any time to retain independent financial, legal or other advisors at the Firm s expense. ALIGNMENT WITH SHAREHOLDER INTERESTS The director equity ownership requirement helps to align director and shareholder interests. Directors also may not enter into hedging transactions in respect of Morgan Stanley common stock or pledge Morgan Stanley common stock in connection with a margin or other loan transaction. See Director Equity Ownership Requirement. 28 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Director Orientation and Continuing Education Director education about Morgan Stanley, our strategy, control framework, regulatory environment and our industry begins when a director is elected to our Board and continues throughout his or her tenure on the Board. The G S Committee oversees an orientation program for new directors, which includes an overview of director duties, our Corporate Governance Policies, Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and other applicable policies. New directors also receive presentations by senior management on the Firm s strategy and regulatory framework, its primary business lines and risk and control framework and have a one-on-one session with the Chairman and CEO. As directors are appointed to new committees or assume a leadership role, such as committee chair, they receive additional orientation sessions specific to such responsibilities. We also conduct ongoing educational briefings on regulatory and control matters, as well as deep dive presentations on certain businesses, emerging risks and focus areas identified by the Board. In addition, we provide directors a listing of educational resources and reimburse directors for reasonable costs incurred attending educational sessions on subjects that would assist them in discharging their duties. Senior Management Succession and Development Planning The CMDS Committee oversees CEO and senior management succession and development planning, which covers unexpected as well as planned events, and is formally reviewed, in conjunction with the entire Board, periodically. The CMDS Committee, with the CEO, reviews succession planning for the CEO at least annually. Our CEO and our Co-Chief Human Resources Officers review recommendations and evaluations of potential internal CEO and senior management successors, and their qualifications, skills, accomplishments and developmental areas. Potential internal CEO and senior management successors regularly attend Board meetings and engage with Board members periodically between Board meetings, including during preparatory meetings, client-related events and visits to our offices around the world. These interactions provide the Board with the opportunities to become familiar with the Firm s executive talent in different settings, which is critical to the Firm s succession planning. The goal of succession planning deeper into the organization is to ensure that the Firm has a bench of well-rounded and capable talent. Career development is purposeful and intended to set the Firm up for long-term future success. In 2025, two senior leadership appointments were made to continue developing our senior leaders. Michael Pizzi assumed responsibility for Operations globally, in addition to his role as Global Head of Technology, and Mandell Crawley assumed responsibility as Chief Client Officer for Integrated Firm Management, a new organization to ensure a consistent and systematic delivery of Morgan Stanley s comprehensive solution set in partnership with the business units. Annual Evaluation of Board, Committees and Independent Lead Director OVERVIEW OF EVALUATION PROCESS The Board believes that establishing and maintaining a constructive evaluation process is essential to maintaining Board effectiveness and best corporate governance practices. Accordingly, the G S Committee reviews and approves the evaluation process annually so that it continues to be effective in identifying areas to enhance the performance and effectiveness of the Board, the Independent Lead Director and the Board committees. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Multi-Step Evaluation Process This process is aided by written discussion guides used to facilitate the evaluations. These guidelines are reviewed and updated annually to reflect significant new developments and areas of focus as the G S Committee determines appropriate and encompass many factors, including: Board Structure Duties and Responsibilities Board Composition Process, Information and Resources Board Succession Planning Key Strengths Culture Areas of Focus 30 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters ADDRESSING FEEDBACK Upon conclusion of such evaluations, Board and committee policies and practices are revised as appropriate. The Board evaluation process has led to: Adjustments to the frequency, location and format of Board meetings, including the use of virtual meeting technology. Enhancements to executive succession planning. The prioritization of Board and committee meeting agendas in order to allow sufficient time for discussion of our strategy, regulatory matters and key risks. Enhanced management reporting to the Board to highlight the most important information, including key risks. Deep dives on certain Firm businesses, location strategy, control areas, technology initiatives, including artificial intelligence, and emerging risks. Enhanced coordination among Board committees, including joint committee meetings and increased coordination among committee chairs. Focus on particular qualifications, attributes and skills of potential Board candidates. Shareholder Rights and Accountability Our Corporate Governance Policies are consistent with the Investor Stewardship Group Corporate Governance Principles for U.S.-listed companies. All directors are elected annually, and, in uncontested director elections, directors are elected by a majority of votes cast. Our Board meets regularly in executive session. Proxy access permits up to 20 shareholders owning 3% or more of our stock continuously for at least three years to nominate the greater of two directors or up to 20% of our Board and include those nominees in our proxy materials. Our Board has an Independent Lead Director with expansive duties. See Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight Independent Lead Director. Shareholders who own at least 25% of common stock have the ability to call a special meeting of shareholders. There are no supermajority vote requirements in our charter or bylaws. We do not have a poison pill in effect. Shareholders and other interested parties may contact any of our Firm s directors. Shareholders may submit recommendations for director candidates for consideration by the G S Committee at any time by sending the information set forth under Director Candidates Recommended by Shareholders in the Corporate Governance Policies to the G S Committee, Morgan Stanley, Suite D, 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036. Under the Corporate Governance Policies, the G S Committee evaluates director candidates recommended by shareholders in the same manner as other director candidates. In order for director candidate recommendations to be considered for the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders, recommendations must be submitted in accordance with the Corporate Governance Policies by December 3, 2026. Shareholder Engagement Our Board and management value the views of our shareholders and engage with them year-round on a broad range of topics, including our strategy, financial performance, executive compensation, human capital management, corporate governance and sustainability. Our Board receives reporting on feedback from investors and shareholder voting results. In addition, management routinely engages with investors at conferences and other forums. We also speak with proxy advisors to discuss, and receive feedback on, our governance practices and executive compensation programs. Feedback from investors informs the Board s ongoing review of governance and compensation matters. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Responsive to such feedback, in recent years, we have enhanced our proxy disclosure of: Alignment of compensation and performance Board evaluations Director orientation and education Board succession planning Sustainability matters After discussion with shareholders, we have also: Amended our bylaws to implement proxy access Provided a board matrix identifying the qualifications, attributes and skills of each director nominee Published enhanced reporting on human capital (including EEO-1 data) and sustainability Amended our Corporate Governance Policies to reduce the number of public boards that non-CEO Board members may serve on from five to four Enhanced our political activities disclosures as described below Corporate Political Activities Our Corporate Political Activities Policy Statement (Policy Statement) aims to ensure transparency of the Firm s practices and procedures regarding political activities and oversight by senior management and the Board. Our Policy Statement confirms that: Morgan Stanley does not make U.S. political contributions. Morgan Stanley may, from time to time, make contributions to organizations that may make independent expenditures and/or electioneering communications in alignment with the interests of the financial services industry and broader business community. Morgan Stanley does not sponsor any state or local political action committees. The Morgan Stanley Political Action Committee is funded solely through voluntary employee contributions. The Government Relations Department coordinates Morgan Stanley s public policy priorities. The Head of Government Relations reports to Morgan Stanley s CLO and CAO, who is a member of Morgan Stanley s Operating Committee and reports to our CEO. Morgan Stanley does not generally engage in grassroots lobbying but if we did engage in grassroots lobbying in a given year, any related expenditures would be disclosed in our annual Corporate Political Contributions Disclosure Statement. As necessary, and in instances where we disagree with positions taken by trade associations and social welfare organizations organized under Section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code to which we make expenditures, Morgan Stanley expresses its independent views on issues directly with the organization or in other ways to seek alignment in a constructive manner on policy issues significant to Morgan Stanley shareholders, clients and employees. Morgan Stanley does not generally participate in any tax-exempt organization in the U.S. that is primarily organized to write, endorse or promote model legislation. Morgan Stanley informs its principal U.S. trade associations to use payments made by Morgan Stanley for election-related activity that are consistent with the Policy Statement. Morgan Stanley s principal U.S. trade association memberships and expenditures relating to such memberships are reviewed annually with the Government Relations Department and the G S Committee. The G S Committee oversees the Policy Statement and the activities addressed by it. 32 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Morgan Stanley complies with all legally required disclosure requirements. In addition, our Policy Statement provides transparent disclosures of our political activities, including: Links to Morgan Stanley s quarterly lobbying reports; Morgan Stanley s average lobbying expenditures for the last three fiscal years; Morgan Stanley s approximate aggregate state lobbying expenditures; and The percentage of Morgan Stanley s membership dues attributable to lobbying for each of our principal U.S. trade associations. Sustainability GOVERNANCE Morgan Stanley considers sustainability and climate, as appropriate, throughout our business, operations and risk management activities. Morgan Stanley s Firm Sustainability Committee has oversight of the Firm s climate goals and sustainability matters and provides regular reporting to the G S Committee. Morgan Stanley s management-level Climate Risk Committee oversees climate risk, with reporting to the Firm Risk Committee and subsequently to the Risk Committee, which oversees climate risk as part of the ERM Framework at the Board level. The Audit Committee reviews the Firm s voluntary public sustainability and climate disclosures. The CMDS Committee assists the Board in its oversight of strategies, policies, practices and disclosures related to human capital management. In addition, our Environmental and Social Policy Statement reviewed and approved by the Firm Sustainability Committee, Global Franchise Risk Committee and G S Committee outlines our approach to environmental and social risk management. Our due diligence and risk management processes are designed to identify, assess and address, as appropriate, potentially significant environmental and social issues that may impact us, our clients and other stakeholders. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Global Sustainability Office Morgan Stanley s central team of sustainability professionals is led by our Chief Sustainability Officer. CLIMATE STRATEGY 1 FINANCE We aim to reach net-zero financed emissions by 2050, with interim 2030 targets. We seek to mobilize $750 billion to support low-carbon and green solutions by 2030. 2 RISK Firm Risk Management and the Operational Risk Department, in partnership with other areas of the Firm, identify, measure, manage and monitor climate-related financial and operational risks, respectively. 3 OPERATIONS Morgan Stanley has achieved carbon neutrality across our global operations since 2022.* 4 REPORTING We publish climate-related disclosures in Morgan Stanley s annual Sustainability Report. * For more information, see the 2024 Morgan Stanley Sustainability Report, including the Maintain Carbon Neutral Status Section, which is located on our sustainability webpage at www.morganstanley.com/about-us/sustainability-at-morgan-stanley. 34 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Community Development Morgan Stanley aims to create investment opportunities that attract both philanthropic and private capital to create lasting positive changes in communities across the U.S. Our U.S. subsidiary banks, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and Morgan Stanley Private Bank, National Association, have consistently received Outstanding ratings from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency for their track records in meeting community needs. We made over $2.7 billion in Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) qualified community development loans and investments in 2025. The CRA program seeks to transform communities quality of life through a focus on: Quality Multi-family Affordable Housing - New Construction and Rehabilitation - Preservation and Extension of Affordability - Resident Services - Homelessness Prevention - Capital for Public Housing Healthy Communities - Primary Care Clinics - Healthy Foods - Transit-Oriented Developments Economic Development - Quality Jobs - Entrepreneurs MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Giving Back to the Community Morgan Stanley is committed to creating significant and meaningful impact for the communities where we live and work through long-lasting partnerships and engaging our best asset our employees. Our Firm and employees continue to support children s physical and mental health, volunteer for local organizations in our communities, deliver strategic pro bono work, and more. The impact of our philanthropic initiatives includes: Giving and Initiatives In 2025, the Firm and its charitable foundations donated over $127 million to nonprofit organizations. The Morgan Stanley Foundation and the Morgan Stanley International Foundation support charities focused on the fundamentals of children s health, including wellness, nutrition, mental health and play. We focus on long-standing partnerships with nonprofit organizations to fund impactful programs in the communities where we live and work. In 2025, Morgan Stanley marked five years of its partnership with the Alliance for Children s Mental Health (the Alliance) and announced $15 million in new multi-year grants to its nonprofit members, as part of the Firm s $50 million commitment to advancing youth mental health solutions. The Alliance combines the resources and reach of Morgan Stanley with the knowledge and experience of distinguished nonprofits to address the youth mental health crisis, reaching over 53 million children, caregivers and educators globally between 2020 and 2025. Morgan Stanley s Institute for Inclusion and the Morgan Stanley Foundation continue to collaborate to drive education and career outcomes for high-school and first-generation college students from low-to-moderate income backgrounds, reaching nearly 90,000 students between 2021 and 2025. Employee Engagement and Volunteering During our annual Global Volunteer Month in 2025 , over 65,000 employees approximately 83% of our Firm in 36 countries devoted approximately 290,000 hours to volunteer projects that supported local organizations addressing hunger relief, environmental conservation, education and much more. Since the program s inception in 2006, Morgan Stanley employees have provided 3.4 million hours to our communities through Global Volunteer Month projects and that does not include the many ways we give back year-round. Morgan Stanley again ran our annual Strategy Challenge pro bono program where teams of employees help nonprofit organizations address key strategic questions that are critical to their missions. Since the program s inception in 2009, employees have delivered 170,000 hours of pro bono service to 206 nonprofits. Team recommendations have led to more effective business models, expanded services, productivity improvements and more all in service of the nonprofit s mission. Employees continue to volunteer and donate throughout the year to give back to the communities where we live and work. The Firm provides financial support to nonprofit organizations where employees are dedicated volunteers or governing board members and runs giving and matching programs in all of our regions. 36 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Human Capital Management Morgan Stanley s 83,000 employees are our most valuable asset. Our workforce enables Morgan Stanley s ability to deliver for our clients through a continued focus on Strategy, Culture, Financial Strength and Growth. Talent is evaluated against four pillars: Performance and Impact; Risk and Control; Culture and Values; and, where applicable, Manager Effectiveness. Employee contributions are rewarded, in the form of incentives, based on merit the what and the how (what did the employee contribute and how did the employee execute). We offer a comprehensive and competitive suite of benefits and are committed to providing resources that support the health and wellbeing of our workforce. All of these programs are designed to support world-class talent in the delivery of first-class solutions. Examples of these programs which may vary by region include: Talent Acquisition and Engagement Employee Benefits and Incentives Through a multifaceted approach, including engaging with internal and external networks, partnerships, digital platforms and global recruiting programs, identify and recruit industry leading experienced talent and best and the brightest of the next generation to drive innovation and results Invest in advanced technology platforms and solutions including AI/machine learning to maximize performance and drive an enhanced employee experience Offer employees at all levels professional development programs to enhance skills, increase connectivity and drive mobility and career progression Improve and expand real time feedback mechanisms to encourage and support on-going development throughout the year Support Employee Networks open to all employees around the globe across a broad spectrum of interests to increase engagement and talent retention Sponsor an annual Global Volunteer Month through which our employees have provided over 3.4 million hours to local and international charities since 2006 Offer comprehensive health care benefits , flexible spending and health savings accounts, life and disability insurances, as well as wellbeing programs, such as a fitness subsidy Sponsor robust mental health offerings , including enhanced employee assistance programs and access to mindfulness and meditation resources Provide financial wellness programs including retirement savings and employee stock purchase plans, access to financial advisors and money coaches, investing and cash management solutions, a legal plan and student loan refinancing Support employees and their families through flexible work schedules, paid parental and caregiver leave, financial help with family building, access to health and parenting experts, back-up child and elder care, tutoring and a college prep program Continue to advance our wellbeing strategy through our Global Wellbeing Board comprised of senior Firm leaders and our Global Wellbeing Influencer Network of employee culture carriers Invest in upgraded office space and technology along with onsite health, childcare and fitness at principal locations, which promotes wellbeing, flexibility and collaboration For more detailed information on our human capital programs and initiatives, see Human Capital in Part 1, Item 1 of the 2025 Form 10-K. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Communication by Shareholders and Other Interested Parties with the Board of Directors As set forth under Communications with the Board in the Corporate Governance Policies, shareholders and other interested parties may contact the Board, the non-management or independent directors, an individual director (including the Independent Lead Director or Chairman) or a committee of the Board, by writing to them at Morgan Stanley, Suite D, 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036. Such communications will be handled in accordance with the procedures approved by the independent directors of the Board. Additional Corporate Governance Information Available on Corporate Governance Webpage In addition to the Corporate Governance Policies and other policies and reports described above, our corporate governance webpage (www.morganstanley.com/about-us-governance), includes the following: Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Policy Regarding Corporate Political Activities Equity Ownership Commitment Board Committee Charters Information Regarding the Integrity Hotline Policy Regarding Shareholder Rights Plan Environmental and Social Policies Hard copies of the materials described above are available without charge to any shareholder who requests them by writing to Morgan Stanley, Suite D, 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036 or calling our Investor Relations Department at 212-762-8131. Director Independence The Board has adopted Director Independence Standards, which are consistent with the independence requirements outlined in the NYSE rules and delineate relationships that are deemed to impair independence and categories of relationships that are not deemed material for purposes of director independence (Director Independence Standards). The Director Independence Standards, which are part of our Corporate Governance Policies available at www.morganstanley.com/about-us-governance, provide that, for a director to be considered independent, a director must meet the following categorical standards: 1. Employment and commercial relationships affecting independence A. Current Relationships A director will not be independent if: (i) the director is a current partner or current employee of Morgan Stanley s internal or external auditor; (ii) an immediate family member of the director is a current partner of Morgan Stanley s internal or external auditor; (iii) an immediate family member of the director (a) is a current employee of Morgan Stanley s internal or external auditor and (b) personally works on Morgan Stanley s audit; or (iv) the director is a current employee, or an immediate family member of the director is a current executive officer, of an entity that has made payments to, or received payments from, Morgan Stanley for property or services in an amount which, in any of the last three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of $1 million or 2% of such other company s consolidated gross revenues. 38 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters B. Relationships within Preceding Three Years A director will not be independent if, within the preceding three years: (i) the director is or was an employee of Morgan Stanley; (ii) an immediate family member of the director is or was an executive officer of Morgan Stanley; (iii) the director or an immediate family member of the director (a) was a partner or employee of Morgan Stanley s internal or external auditor and (b) personally worked on Morgan Stanley s audit within that time; (iv) the director or an immediate family member of the director received more than $120,000 in direct compensation in any 12-month period from Morgan Stanley, other than (a) director and committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service) and (b) compensation paid to an immediate family member of the director who is an employee (other than an executive officer) of Morgan Stanley; or (v) a present Morgan Stanley executive officer is or was on the compensation committee of the board of directors of a company that concurrently employed the Morgan Stanley director or an immediate family member of the director as an executive officer. 2. Relationships not deemed material for purposes of director independence In addition to the provisions above, each of which must be fully satisfied with respect to each independent director, the Board must affirmatively determine that the director has no material relationship with Morgan Stanley. To assist the Board in this determination, it has adopted the following categorical standards of relationships that are not considered material for purposes of determining a director s independence. Any determination of independence for a director that does not meet these categorical standards will be based upon all relevant facts and circumstances and the Board shall disclose the basis for such determination in the Firm s proxy statement. A. Equity Ownership A relationship arising solely from a director s ownership of an equity or limited partnership interest in a party that engages in a transaction with Morgan Stanley, so long as such director s ownership interest does not exceed 10% of the total equity or partnership interests in that other party. B. Other Directorships A relationship arising solely from a director s position as (i) director or advisory director (or similar position) of another company or for-profit corporation or organization or (ii) director or trustee (or similar position) of a tax-exempt organization. C. Ordinary Course Business A relationship arising solely from transactions, including financial services transactions such as underwriting, banking, lending or trading in securities, commodities or derivatives, or from other transactions for products or services, between Morgan Stanley and a company of which a director is an executive officer, employee or owner of 10% or more of the equity of that company, if such transactions are made in the ordinary course of business and on terms and conditions and under circumstances (including, if applicable, credit or underwriting standards) that are substantially similar to those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions, products or services for or with unaffiliated third parties. D. Contributions A relationship arising solely from a director s status as an executive officer of a tax-exempt organization, and the contributions by Morgan Stanley (directly or through the Morgan Stanley Foundation or any similar organization established by Morgan Stanley) to the organization are less than the greater of $1 million or 2% of the organization s consolidated gross revenues during the organization s preceding fiscal year (matching of employee charitable contributions is not included in Morgan Stanley s contributions for this purpose). E. Products and Services A relationship arising solely from a director utilizing products or services of Morgan Stanley in the ordinary course of business and on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable products or services provided to unaffiliated third parties. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters F. Professional, Social and Religious Organizations and Educational Institutions A relationship arising solely from a director s membership in the same professional, social, fraternal or religious association or organization, or attendance at the same educational institution, as an executive officer or director. G. Family Members Any relationship or transaction between an immediate family member of a director and Morgan Stanley shall not be deemed a material relationship or transaction that would cause the director not to be independent if the standards in this Section 2 would permit the relationship or transaction to occur between the director and Morgan Stanley. The Board has determined that 12 of our 15 director nominees (Ms. Butler, Mr. Glocer, Ms. Good, Mr. Herz, Mss. James, Leibowitz and Miscik, Messrs. Nally and Peterson, Ms. Schapiro and Messrs. Traquina and Wilkins) are independent in accordance with the Director Independence Standards. To assess independence, the Board was provided with information about relationships between the independent director nominees (and their immediate family members and affiliated entities) and Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, including information about the director nominees professional experience and affiliations. In making its determination as to the independence of director nominees, the Board reviewed the categories of relationships between Morgan Stanley and the director nominees described above and the following specific relationships under those Director Independence Standards: Commercial relationships (such as financial services offered by the Firm to clients in the ordinary course of the Firm s business) in the last three years between Morgan Stanley and entities where the director nominees are employees or executive officers, or their immediate family members are executive officers (Ms. James, Mr. Peterson and Ms. Schapiro). In each case the fees the Firm received were in compliance with the Director Independence Standards and the NYSE rules and did not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of such other entity s consolidated gross revenues in any of the last three years and were considered immaterial to director independence. Director nominees utilization of Morgan Stanley products and services offered by the Firm as a client of the Firm (such as Wealth Management brokerage accounts and investments in funds sponsored by the Firm) in the ordinary course of the Firm s business on terms and conditions substantially similar to those provided to unaffiliated third parties (Mr. Glocer, Ms. Good, Mr. Herz, Mss. James, Leibowitz and Miscik, Messrs. Nally and Peterson, Ms. Schapiro and Messrs. Traquina and Wilkins). In each case the provision of such products and services was in compliance with the Director Independence Standards and the NYSE rules and was considered immaterial to director independence. Employment by the Firm of an immediate family member of a director in a non-executive role, with compensation and benefits determined in accordance with the Firm s compensation practices applicable to similarly situated employees (Mr. Peterson). Director Attendance at Annual Meeting The Corporate Governance Policies state that directors are expected to attend our annual meetings of shareholders. All directors who were on the Board at the time, including all current directors who were nominees at the time, attended the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. 40 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Board Meetings and Committees BOARD MEETINGS Our Board met 15 times during 2025. Each current director attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and committees on which such director served that were held during 2025 while the director was a member. In addition to Board and committee meetings, our directors also engaged in less formal communications between meetings, including discussions, briefings and educational sessions, with the Independent Lead Director, Chairman and CEO, committee chairs, members of senior management and others as appropriate regarding matters of interest. The Board s standing committees have oversight over risk management and risk assessment guidelines and policies related to each committee s duties and responsibilities. Each committee coordinates with management and the other committees of the Board to help ensure that it has received the information necessary to permit it to fulfill its duties and responsibilities with respect to oversight of risk management. COMMITTEES The Board s standing committees, their membership and the number of meetings in 2025 are set forth below. Charters for each of our standing committees are available at our corporate governance webpage at www.morganstanley.com/about-us-governance. The Board has determined that: Each member of the Audit Committee, the CMDS Committee and the G S Committee satisfies the standards of independence applicable to members of such committees, including NYSE listing standards. Each member of the CMDS Committee is a non-employee director as defined in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Each member of the Audit Committee is independent and financially literate within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards and each of Robert H. Herz, the Audit Committee Chair, Lynn J. Good and Dennis M. Nally is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC rules. All members of the Risk Committee and the O T Committee are non-employee directors and a majority of the members of such committees satisfy the independence requirements of the Firm and the NYSE, and the Risk Committee members satisfy other applicable legal and regulatory criteria. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters AUDIT COMMITTEE (1) Current Members Robert H. Herz (Chair) Megan Butler Lynn J. Good Shelley B. Leibowitz Dennis M. Nally 11 Meetings Held in 2025 Primary Responsibilities Oversees the integrity of the Firm s consolidated financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and effectiveness of the Firm s system of internal controls. Reviews the Firm s voluntary public sustainability and climate disclosures. Oversees risk management and risk assessment guidelines and policies related to the Audit Committee s duties and responsibilities in coordination with management and other Board committees. Reviews the major legal, financial crimes and compliance risk exposures of the Firm and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. Selects, determines the compensation of, evaluates and, when appropriate, replaces the independent auditor. Reviews and assesses the qualifications, independence and performance of the independent auditor, and pre-approves audit and permitted non-audit services. Oversees the appointment, compensation and performance of the Chief Audit Officer, who reports functionally to the Audit Committee and the scope of work of the internal audit function. After review, recommends to the Board the acceptance and inclusion of the annual audited consolidated financial statements in the Firm s Annual Report on Form 10-K. See also Audit Matters. COMPENSATION, MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT AND SUCCESSION (CMDS) COMMITTEE Current Members Dennis M. Nally (Chair) Thomas H. Glocer Erika H. James Rayford Wilkins, Jr. 7 Meetings Held in 2025 Primary Responsibilities Reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the CEO and evaluates his performance in light of these goals and objectives. Determines the compensation of executive officers and other employees, as appropriate. Administers equity-based compensation plans and cash-based nonqualified deferred compensation plans. Oversees plans for management development and succession and assists the Board in its oversight of Firm strategies, policies and practices related to human capital management. Reviews and discusses the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and provides a recommendation to the Board regarding its inclusion in the proxy statement. Oversees incentive compensation practices and arrangements to help ensure that such practices and arrangements appropriately balance risk and financial results in a manner that does not encourage employees to expose the Firm to imprudent financial or non-financial risk and are consistent with applicable related regulatory rules and guidance. Reviews and approves equity retention and ownership policies for executive officers and other employees, as appropriate. Oversees cancellation and clawback policies and procedures for incentive compensation awards. Reviews voluntary public disclosures and shareholder proposals relating to human capital, executive compensation and other matters subject to Committee oversight, and oversees actions to seek shareholder approval of executive compensation matters. Receives relevant reports from management, including reports regarding employee discipline matters, adjustments to compensation, risk management performance of employees and performance management and incentive compensation outcomes. See also Compensation Governance and Risk Management. 42 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY (G S) COMMITTEE Current Members Rayford Wilkins, Jr. (Chair) Thomas H. Glocer Robert H. Herz Erika H. James Mary L. Schapiro 4 Meetings Held in 2025 Primary Responsibilities Oversees succession planning for the Board and Board leadership appointments. Reviews the overall size and composition of the Board and its committees. Identifies and recommends qualified individuals for election to the Board. Oversees the orientation program for newly elected directors. Reviews annually the adequacy of the Board s Corporate Governance Policies. Oversees and approves the process and guidelines for the annual evaluation of performance and effectiveness of the Independent Lead Director, the Board and its committees. Reviews and approves related person transactions in accordance with the Firm s Related Person Transactions Policy. Reviews and approves directors service on other public or private company boards and committees and changes in director circumstances. Reviews the director compensation program. Reviews the Firm s Corporate Political Activities Policy Statement and oversees political activities, the Firm s significant lobbying priorities and expenditures attributable to lobbying in the U.S. and the Firm s membership in, and expenditures to, its principal U.S. trade associations. Oversees sustainability matters, as appropriate, and the Firm s philanthropic programs. Reviews shareholder proposals relating to governance and sustainability matters and management s proposed response to such proposals. OPERATIONS AND TECHNOLOGY (O T) COMMITTEE (2)(3) Current Members Jami Miscik (Chair) Shelley B. Leibowitz Masato Miyachi Perry M. Traquina 4 Meetings Held in 2025 Primary Responsibilities Oversees the Firm s operations and technology strategy, including trends that may affect such strategy, such as artificial intelligence. Reviews the operations and technology budget and associated significant expenditures and investments. Reviews at least quarterly the significant operational risk exposures of the Firm and its business units, including information technology, information security, fraud, third-party oversight, business disruption and resilience and cybersecurity risks, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. Oversees the Firm s process and significant policies for determining operational risk tolerance and, as appropriate, confirms operational risk tolerance levels as set forth in the Firm s Risk Appetite Statement. See also Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight Board Oversight of Cybersecurity Risk. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters RISK COMMITTEE (4) Current Members Perry M. Traquina (Chair) Hironori Kamezawa Jami Miscik Douglas L. Peterson Mary L. Schapiro 8 Meetings Held in 2025 Primary Responsibilities Oversees the Firm s global ERM framework. Oversees the Firm s Risk Appetite Statement, including risk tolerance levels and limits, and the ongoing alignment of the Risk Appetite Statement with the Firm s strategy and capital plans. Oversees the Firm s capital, liquidity and funding planning and strategy. Oversees the significant financial risk exposures of the Firm, including market, credit, model and liquidity risk, against established risk measurement methodologies and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. Reviews reports regarding significant new product risk, emerging risks, climate risk and regulatory matters. Oversees the risk identification framework. Reviews the contingency funding plan, effectiveness of the Firm s Basel III advanced systems, capital planning process and the Firm s Title I Resolution Plan and Recovery Plan, as necessary. Oversees the performance of the CRO (who reports to the Risk Committee and the CEO) and the risk management function. See also Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight Board Role in Risk Oversight. (1) Effective July 18, 2025, Ms. Good joined the Audit Committee. (2) Effective at the annual meeting, Mr. Miyachi will conclude service on the Board and the O T Committee. (3) Effective upon his election by shareholders, Mr. Itagaki will join the O T Committee. (4) Effective May 15, 2025, Mr. Peterson joined the Risk Committee. Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE The Board is responsible for reviewing the Firm s leadership structure. As set forth in the Corporate Governance Policies, the Board believes that the Firm and its shareholders are best served by maintaining the flexibility to have any director serve as Chairman based on what is in the best interests of the Firm at a given point in time, taking into consideration, among other things: The composition of the Board. The role of the Firm s Independent Lead Director. The Firm s strong corporate governance practices. The CEO s working relationship with the Board. The challenges specific to the Firm. The Board has determined that the appointment of a strong Independent Lead Director, as set forth below, together with a combined Chairman and CEO, serves the best interests of the Firm and its shareholders. By serving in both positions, the Chairman and CEO is able to draw on his knowledge of the Firm to provide the Board in coordination with the Independent Lead Director, leadership in focusing its discussions and review of the Firm s strategy. In addition, a combined role of Chairman and CEO ensures that the Firm presents its message and strategy to its shareholders, employees and clients with a unified voice. The Board elected Mr. Pick, the Firm s CEO, as Chairman, effective January 1, 2025. The Board believes that it is in the best interest of the Firm and its shareholders for Mr. Pick to serve as Chairman and CEO, considering the strong 44 MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters role of our Independent Lead Director and other corporate governance practices providing independent oversight of management to conclude that having the Board s current leadership structure serves the best interests of the Firm and its shareholders at the present time. INDEPENDENT LEAD DIRECTOR The Corporate Governance Policies provide for an independent and active Independent Lead Director who is appointed and reviewed annually by the independent directors with clearly defined leadership authority and responsibilities. Our Independent Lead Director, Thomas H. Glocer, was appointed by our other independent directors and as part of his formal duties and responsibilities shall: Board Governance and Leadership Advising the Chairman and CEO Board Effectiveness and Succession Planning Preside at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present Have the authority to call, and lead, non-management director sessions and independent director sessions Help facilitate communication among the Chairman and CEO and the non-management and independent directors, including serving as liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors Approve the types and forms of information sent to the Board Solicit the non-management directors for advice on agenda items for meetings of the Board and executive sessions to help facilitate Board focus on key issues and topics of interest to the Board Be available, if requested, to meet with the Firm s primary regulators Be available, if requested by major shareholders, for consultation and direct communication in accordance with the Corporate Governance Policies Communicate with the Chairman and CEO between meetings and act as a sounding board and advisor Consult with the non-management and independent directors and advise the Chairman and CEO of the Board s informational needs Collaborate with the Chairman and CEO in developing the agenda for meetings of the Board Approve Board meeting agendas and the schedule of Board meetings to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items Have authority to request inclusion of additional agenda items Communicate with the Chairman and CEO and other members of management, as appropriate, about decisions reached, suggestions and views expressed by non-management directors in executive sessions or outside of Board meetings Lead the annual evaluation of the performance and effectiveness of the Board including consultation with each non-management director regarding Board performance and effectiveness and, as necessary, individual director performance Help facilitate the efficient and effective functioning and performance of the Board Help facilitate discussion and open dialogue among non-management directors during Board meetings, executive sessions and outside of Board meetings Consult with the Chair of the G S Committee on Board succession planning and Board committee appointments Coordinate with the Chair of the G S Committee on recruiting and interviewing candidates for the Board Consult with the Chair of the CMDS Committee on the annual evaluation of the performance of the CEO INDEPENDENT OVERSIGHT OF MANAGEMENT The Firm s corporate governance practices and policies ensure substantial independent oversight of management. For instance: The Board has a substantial majority of independent and non-management directors. Twelve of the 15 director nominees are independent as defined by the NYSE listing standards and the Firm s Director Independence Standards. Fourteen of the 15 director nominees are non-management directors. All of the Firm s directors are elected annually. The Board s key standing committees are composed solely of non-management directors. The Audit Committee, the CMDS Committee and the G S Committee are each composed solely of independent directors. The O T Committee and the Risk Committee are chaired by independent directors, consist of a majority of independent directors and are comprised of only non-management directors. All of the committees meet regularly in executive session without management present and provide independent oversight of management. MORGAN STANLEY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 45 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters The Board s non-mana