=== MRK_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 10. Contingencies and Environmental Liabilities below. 15 Table of Contents Worldwide, all of the Company s important products are sold under trademarks that are considered in the aggregate to be of material importance. Trademark protection continues in some countries as long as used; in other countries, as long as registered. Registration is for fixed terms and can be renewed indefinitely. Royalty income in 2025 on patent and know-how licenses and other rights amounted to $1.5 billion. Merck also incurred royalty expenses amounting to $1.9 billion in 2025 under patent and know-how licenses it holds. Research and Development The Company s business is characterized by the introduction of new products or new uses for existing products through a strong research and development program. At December 31, 2025, approximately 24,700 people were employed in the Company s research activities. The Company prioritizes its research and development efforts and focuses on candidates that it believes represent breakthrough science for unmet medical needs that will make a difference for patients and payers. The Company maintains a number of long-term exploratory and fundamental research programs in biology and chemistry as well as research programs directed toward product development. The Company s research and development model is designed to increase productivity and improve the probability of success by prioritizing the Company s research and development resources on candidates the Company believes are capable of providing unambiguous, promotable advantages to patients and payers and delivering the maximum value of its approved medicines and vaccines through new indications and new formulations. Merck is pursuing emerging product opportunities independent of therapeutic area or modality. The Company is committed to ensuring that externally sourced programs remain an important component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research through acquisitions as well as a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies. The Company s clinical pipeline includes candidates in multiple disease areas, including cancer, cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases, infectious diseases, neurosciences, immunology, ophthalmology, respiratory diseases, and vaccines. In the development of human health products, industry practice and government regulations in the U.S. and most foreign countries provide for the determination of effectiveness and safety of new chemical compounds through preclinical tests and controlled clinical evaluation. Before a new drug or vaccine may be marketed in the U.S., recorded data on preclinical and clinical experience are included in the New Drug Application (NDA) for a drug or the Biologics License Application (BLA) for a vaccine or biologic submitted to the FDA for the required approval. Once the Company s scientists discover a new small molecule compound or biologic that they believe has promise to treat a medical condition, the Company commences preclinical testing with that compound. Preclinical testing includes laboratory testing and animal safety studies to gather data on chemistry, pharmacology, immunogenicity and toxicology. Pending acceptable preclinical data, the Company will initiate clinical testing in accordance with established regulatory requirements. The clinical testing begins with Phase 1 studies, which are designed to assess safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and preliminary pharmacodynamic activity of the compound in humans. If favorable, additional, larger Phase 2 studies are initiated to determine the efficacy of the compound in the affected population, define appropriate dosing for the compound, as well as identify any adverse effects that could limit the compound s usefulness. In some situations, the clinical program incorporates adaptive design methodology to use accumulating data to decide how to modify aspects of the ongoing clinical study as it continues, without undermining the validity and integrity of the trial. One type of adaptive clinical trial is an adaptive Phase 2a/2b trial design, a two-stage trial design consisting of a Phase 2a proof-of-concept stage and a Phase 2b dose-optimization finding stage. If data from the Phase 2 trials are satisfactory, the Company commences large-scale Phase 3 trials to confirm the compound s efficacy and safety. Another type of adaptive clinical trial is an adaptive Phase 2/3 trial design, a study that includes an interim analysis and an adaptation that changes the trial from having features common in a Phase 2 study (e.g., multiple dose groups) to a design similar to a Phase 3 trial. An adaptive Phase 2/3 trial design reduces timelines by eliminating activities which would be required to start a separate study. Upon completion of Phase 3 trials, if satisfactory, the Company submits regulatory filings with the appropriate regulatory agencies around the world to have the product candidate approved for marketing. There can be no assurance that a compound that is the result of any particular program will obtain the regulatory approvals necessary for it to be marketed. Vaccine development follows the same general pathway as for drugs. Preclinical testing focuses on the vaccine s safety and ability to elicit a protective immune response (immunogenicity). Pre-marketing vaccine clinical trials are typically done in three phases. Initial Phase 1 clinical studies are conducted in normal subjects to evaluate the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of the vaccine candidate. Phase 2 studies are dose-ranging studies and provide additional data on safety, immunogenicity and/or effectiveness. Finally, Phase 3 trials are conducted in the 16 Table of Contents intended population for licensure and provide data on immunogenicity and/or effectiveness, as well as safety, to support applications for regulatory approvals. If successful, the Company submits regulatory filings with the appropriate regulatory agencies. United States In the U.S., the FDA review process begins once a complete NDA or BLA is submitted, received and accepted for review by the agency. Within 60 days after receipt, the FDA determines if the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. The FDA also assesses, at that time, whether the application will be granted a priority review or standard review. Pursuant to the Prescription Drug User Fee Act VII (PDUFA), the FDA review period target for original NDAs or BLAs is either six months, for priority review, or ten months, for a standard review, from the time the application is deemed sufficiently complete. For original efficacy supplements to an NDA or BLA, the FDA review period target is six months, for priority review, or ten months, for a standard review, from the time the supplemental application is received. Once the review timelines are determined, the FDA will generally act upon the application within those timeline goals, unless a major amendment has been submitted (either at the Company s own initiative or the FDA s request) to the pending application. If this occurs, the FDA may extend the review period to allow for review of the new information, but by no more than three months. Extensions to the review period are communicated to the Company. The FDA can act on an application either by issuing an approval letter or by issuing a Complete Response Letter (CRL) stating that the application will not be approved in its present form and describing all deficiencies that the FDA has identified. Should the Company wish to pursue an application after receiving a CRL, it can resubmit the application with information that addresses the questions or issues identified by the FDA in order to support approval. Resubmissions are subject to review period targets, which vary depending on the underlying submission type and the content of the resubmission. The FDA has four program designations Fast Track, Breakthrough Therapy, Accelerated Approval, and Priority Review to facilitate and expedite development and review of new drugs to address unmet medical needs in the treatment of serious or life-threatening conditions. The Fast Track designation provides pharmaceutical manufacturers with opportunities for frequent interactions with FDA reviewers during the product s development and the ability for the manufacturer to do a rolling submission of the NDA/BLA. A rolling submission allows completed portions of the application to be submitted and reviewed by the FDA on an ongoing basis. The Breakthrough Therapy designation provides manufacturers with all of the features of the Fast Track designation as well as intensive guidance on implementing an efficient development program for the product and a commitment by the FDA to involve senior managers and experienced staff in the review. The Accelerated Approval designation allows the FDA to approve a product based on an effect on a surrogate or intermediate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a product s clinical benefit and generally requires the manufacturer to conduct required post-approval confirmatory trials to verify the clinical benefit. The Priority Review designation means that the FDA s goal is to take action on the NDA/BLA within six months, compared to ten months under standard review, priority review may be granted by the FDA or obtained using a Priority Review Voucher. More than one of these special designations can be granted for a given application (i.e., a product designated as a Breakthrough Therapy may also be eligible for Priority Review). Additionally, in 2025, the FDA announced a Commissioner s National Priority Voucher (CNPV) pilot program, which offers the ability to seek expedited approval for a drug or biologic application or efficacy supplement. Pilot program eligibility requires alignment with one or more critical national health priorities, which include addressing a health crisis in the U.S., bringing innovative therapies to the American people, addressing a large unmet medical need, promoting domestic manufacturing, and increasing affordability. The pilot program is intended to enable enhanced communications with the FDA and action on an application within one to two months. In December 2025, the FDA selected enlicitide decanoate and sacituzumab tirumotecan, investigational candidates that the Company is developing for hypercholesterolemia and certain cancers, respectively, to receive CNPVs; these candidates are currently in Phase 3 development. Due to the COVID-19 public health crisis, in 2020, the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services (Secretary) exercised statutory authority to determine that a public health emergency existed, and declared those circumstances justified the emergency use of drugs and biological products as authorized by the FDA. In 2023, the Secretary issued an amended determination that a public health emergency or a significant potential for a public health emergency existed and declared that circumstances continued to justify authorization of emergency use of these products. While in effect, this declaration (as amended) enables the FDA to issue Emergency Use Authorizations (EUAs) permitting distribution and use of specific medical products absent NDA/BLA submission or approval, including products to treat or prevent diseases or conditions caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus, subject to the terms of any such EUAs. The Company is currently marketing Lagevrio in the U.S. pursuant to an EUA. The FDA must make certain findings to grant an EUA, including that it is reasonable to believe based on the totality of evidence that the drug or biologic may be effective, and that known or potential benefits when used under the terms of the EUA outweigh known or potential risks. Additionally, the FDA must find that there is no adequate, approved and available 17 Table of Contents alternative to the emergency use of the authorized drug or biologic. The FDA may revise or revoke an EUA if the circumstances justifying its issuance no longer exist, the criteria for its issuance are no longer met, or other circumstances make a revision or revocation appropriate to protect the public health or safety. European Union The primary method the Company uses to obtain marketing authorization of pharmaceutical products in the EU is through the centralized procedure. This procedure is compulsory for certain pharmaceutical products, in particular those using biotechnological processes, and is also available for certain new chemical compounds and products. A company seeking to market an innovative pharmaceutical product through the centralized procedure must file a complete set of safety data and efficacy data as part of a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) with the European Medicines Agency (EMA). After the EMA evaluates the MAA, it provides a recommendation to the EC and the EC then approves or denies the MAA. It is also possible for new chemical products to obtain marketing authorization in the EU through a mutual recognition procedure in which an application is made to a single member state and, if the member state approves the pharmaceutical product under a national procedure, the applicant may submit that approval to the mutual recognition procedure of some or all other EU Member States. Japan In Japan, the Company submits new drug applications to the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) for its pharmaceutical regulatory review. The PMDA is an independent administrative agency which is under the jurisdiction of the MHLW. The PMDA considers multiple factors in its review process, including the drug s safety, efficacy, quality, and manufacturing process in accordance with the Act on Securing Quality, Efficacy and Safety of Products Including Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices. In addition, there are various other regulations and guidelines issued by the MHLW or the PMDA that must also be complied with in order to secure approval. The length of the PMDA review process can vary, but it typically takes around one year for a new drug to be approved in Japan. The review period may be shortened if the drug candidate is designated by the MHLW as an innovative drug satisfying certain conditions. China In China, the Company submits marketing applications to the NMPA for an independent review. The NMPA considers multiple factors in its review process, including the drug s safety, efficacy, quality, and manufacturing process. Moreover, the NMPA implements strict regulations to ensure that all drugs meet the same standards as those set by the WHO. The NMPA establishes stringent safety and efficacy requirements for drug approval. The length of the NMPA review process can vary, but it typically takes around one to two years for a new drug to be approved in China. Other Markets Outside of the U.S., the EU, Japan and China, the Company submits marketing applications to national regulatory authorities. Examples of such are Health Canada, Ag ncia Nacional de Vigil ncia Sanat ria in Brazil, Korea Food and Drug Administration in South Korea, and the Therapeutic Goods Administration in Australia. Each country has a separate and independent review process and timeline. In many markets, approval times can be longer as the regulatory authority requires approval in a major market, such as the U.S. or the EU, and issuance of a Certificate of Pharmaceutical Product from that market before initiating their local review process. Research and Development Update The Company currently has several candidates under regulatory review in the U.S. and internationally or in late-stage clinical development. MK-8591A, doravirine/islatravir, an investigational, once-daily, oral two-drug regimen for adults with HIV-1 infection that is virologically suppressed on antiretroviral therapy, is under review by the FDA. The FDA set a PDUFA, or target action, date of April 28, 2026 for the new drug application, which is based on findings of the Phase 3 MK-8591A-051 and MK-8591A-052 clinical trials. MK-8591A is also under review in Japan. MK-8591A is also being evaluated for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in previously untreated adults, and in November 2025, the Company announced positive topline results from the pivotal Phase 3 MK-8591A-053 trial evaluating MK-8591A in this setting. MK-1654, Enflonsia , a prophylactic long-acting monoclonal antibody designed to protect infants from RSV disease during their first RSV season, is under review in the EU and Japan. In September 2025, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the EMA recommended the approval of Enflonsia for the prevention of RSV lower respiratory tract disease in neonates (newborns) and infants during their first RSV season. The CHMP recommendation, which is supported by results from the pivotal Phase 2b/3 CLEVER trial and the Phase 3 SMART trial, was sent to the EC for review for marketing authorization in the EU, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. In October 2025, Merck informed the EMA and other health authorities, including the FDA, that Merck had identified a 18 Table of Contents data entry issue related to solicited complaints (injection site pain, injection site swelling, injection site erythema, drowsiness, irritability, and/or lost appetite). On October 31, 2025, the EC informed Merck that it would return the CHMP opinion to the EMA to allow the CHMP to assess Merck s update. This step has delayed a final EC decision on the marketing authorization for Enflonsia . Updates to solicited complaint data were submitted to the EMA, and to the FDA, in December 2025. The Company believes that these updates do not meaningfully impact the favorable risk-benefit profile of Enflonsia . Merck remains confident in the robustness of the CLEVER and SMART trials as pivotal studies for Enflonsia and the risk-benefit profile of Enflonsia. MK-7962, Winrevair (sotatercept-csrk), an activin signaling inhibitor for the treatment of adults with PAH (WHO Group 1 pulmonary hypertension), is under review by the FDA in connection with a proposed update to the U.S. product label based on the results of the Phase 3 HYPERION trial. The FDA set a PDUFA date of September 21, 2026. MK-3475, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), is an anti-PD-1 therapy available for intravenous administration. MK-3475A, Keytruda Qlex , combines pembrolizumab with berahyaluronidase alfa to enhance dispersion and permeability to enable subcutaneous administration. Keytruda and Keytruda Qlex each are approved for the treatment of many cancers and continue to be studied in additional Phase 3 trials. Keytruda is under review in the EU and Japan in combination with chemotherapy with or without bevacizumab for the treatment of certain patients with platinum-resistant recurrent ovarian cancer. The applications are based on data from the Phase 3 KEYNOTE-B96 trial. Keytruda is also under review in the EU and Japan in combination with Padcev (enfortumab vedotin) as neoadjuvant treatment, then continued after radical cystectomy as adjuvant treatment, for patients with MIBC who are ineligible for cisplatin-based chemotherapy. The application is based on data from the Phase 3 KEYNOTE-905 trial conducted in collaboration with Pfizer and Astellas. Keytruda and Keytruda Qlex are under review by the FDA in combination with Gilead Sciences Inc. s sacituzumab govitecan (Trodelvy) for the first-line treatment of certain patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic TNBC whose tumors express PD L1. The FDA set PDUFA dates in the second half of 2026 for these applications. The supplemental BLAs are based on data from the Phase 3 KEYNOTE-D19 trial. MK-6482, Welireg (belzutifan), Merck s first-in-class oral hypoxia-inducible factor-2 alpha (HIF-2 ) inhibitor, in combination with Keytruda or Keytruda Qlex is under priority review by the FDA for the adjuvant treatment of certain patients with clear cell RCC following nephrectomy. The FDA set a PDUFA date of June 19, 2026. The applications for Welireg , Keytruda and Keytruda Qlex are based on data from the Phase 3 LITESPARK-022 trial. Welireg , in combination with MK-7902, Lenvima (lenvatinib), an orally available multiple receptor TKI, is under review by the FDA for the treatment of certain patients with advanced RCC following previous treatment with a PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitor. The FDA set a PDUFA date of October 4, 2026. The application is based on data from the Phase 3 LITESPARK-011 trial. Lenvima is being developed as part of a collaboration with Eisai Co., Ltd. The Company is diversifying its oncology portfolio and executing on its strategy which is broadly based on three strategic pillars: immuno-oncology, precision molecular targeting and tissue targeting. Merck has numerous Phase 3 oncology programs within these pillars. Immuno-oncology V940 (mRNA-4157), intismeran autogene, is an investigational individualized neoantigen therapy being evaluated in combination with Keytruda for the adjuvant portion of treatment in patients with certain types of melanoma and NSCLC. The FDA and EMA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation and Priority Medicines (PRIME) scheme designation, respectively, for intismeran autogene in combination with Keytruda for the adjuvant treatment of patients with certain stages of high-risk melanoma following complete resection. Intismeran autogene is being developed as part of a collaboration with Moderna, Inc. MK-1308A is the coformulation of quavonlimab, Merck s novel investigational anti-cytotoxic T-lymphocyte associated protein 4 (CTLA-4) antibody, in combination with pembrolizumab, being evaluated for the treatment of RCC. 19 Table of Contents Precision molecular targeting MK-1026, nemtabrutinib, is an investigational oral, reversible, non-covalent Bruton s tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor, being evaluated for the treatment of hematological malignancies, including chronic lymphocytic leukemia and small lymphocytic lymphoma. MK-1084, calderasib, is an investigational oral selective KRAS G12C inhibitor being evaluated with or without Keytruda or Keytruda Qlex for the treatment of certain patients with colorectal cancer and NSCLC. Calderasib is being developed as part of a collaboration with Taiho Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. and Astex Pharmaceuticals (UK), a wholly owned subsidiary of Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. MK-3543, bomedemstat, is an investigational orally available lysine-specific demethylase 1 inhibitor being evaluated for the treatment of certain patients with essential thrombocythemia. Bomedemstat has FDA Orphan Drug and Fast Track Designation for the treatment of essential thrombocythemia and myelofibrosis, Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia and PRIME scheme designation by the EMA for the treatment of myelofibrosis. MK-5684, opevesostat, is an investigational cytochrome P450 11A1 (CYP11A1) inhibitor being evaluated for the treatment of certain patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. MK-6482, Welireg , is being developed for expanded indications in RCC in combination with Keytruda and Lenvima, and in other combinations. MK-7339, Lynparza, is an oral PARP inhibitor being evaluated in combination with Keytruda for expanded indications in the therapeutic areas of NSCLC and small cell lung cancer (SCLC). Lynparza is being developed as part of a collaboration with AstraZeneca PLC. Tissue targeting MK-1022, patritumab deruxtecan, is an investigational human epidermal growth factor receptor 3 (HER3) directed ADC being evaluated in certain patients with breast cancer. Patritumab deruxtecan is being developed as part of a collaboration with Daiichi Sankyo. MK-2140, zilovertamab vedotin, is an investigational ADC targeting receptor tyrosine kinase-like orphan receptor 1 (ROR1) being evaluated for the treatment of hematological malignancies, including diffuse large B cell lymphoma. MK-2400, ifinatamab deruxtecan, is an investigational B7-H3 directed ADC being evaluated in certain patients with esophageal, prostate and small cell lung cancers. In August 2025, ifinatamab deruxtecan was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with extensive-stage SCLC with disease progression on or after platinum-based chemotherapy. Ifinatamab deruxtecan is being developed as part of a collaboration with Daiichi Sankyo. MK-2870, sacituzumab tirumotecan, is an investigational trophoblast cell-surface antigen 2 (TROP2) directed ADC being evaluated for certain patients with breast, cervical, endometrial, gastric, non-small cell lung, and ovarian cancers. The FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation to sacituzumab tirumotecan for the treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations whose disease progressed on or after TKI and platinum-based chemotherapy. In 2025, the FDA selected sacituzumab tirumotecan for the CNPV pilot program. Sacituzumab tirumotecan is being developed as part of a collaboration with Kelun-Biotech. A portion of sacituzumab tirumotecan 2026 development costs will be funded by Blackstone Life Sciences. See Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 3. Acquisitions, Research Collaborations and Licensing Agreements below. MK-5909, raludotatug deruxtecan, is an investigational CDH6 targeting ADC being evaluated in patients with platinum resistant ovarian cancer. In September 2025, raludotatug deruxtecan was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with platinum-resistant epithelial ovarian, primary peritoneal, or fallopian tube cancers expressing CDH6 who have received prior treatment with bevacizumab. Raludotatug deruxtecan is being developed as part of a collaboration with Daiichi Sankyo. Additionally, the Company currently has candidates in Phase 3 clinical development in several other therapeutic areas. MK-0616, enlicitide decanoate, is an investigational oral proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitor being evaluated for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia, including in studies evaluating low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) reduction and a cardiovascular outcomes study. In December 2025, the FDA selected enlicitide decanoate for the CNPV pilot program. The Company plans to submit an NDA for enlicitide decanoate to the FDA in early 2026. 20 Table of Contents V181 is an investigational quadrivalent vaccine for the prevention of dengue disease caused by any of the four dengue virus serotypes (DENV-1, DENV-2, DENV-3, and DENV-4), regardless of prior dengue exposure. MK-3000 is an investigational, potentially first-in-class tetravalent, tri-specific antibody that acts as an agonist of the Wingless-related integration site signaling pathway, which is in clinical development for the treatment of diabetic macular edema. MK-8591D is an investigational once-weekly, oral combination of Merck s islatravir, a nucleoside analog leveraging translocation inhibition, and Gilead Sciences Inc. s lenacapavir being evaluated for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in virologically suppressed adults. In 2021, the FDA placed a clinical hold on the islatravir/lenacapavir once-weekly treatment regimen based on observations of decreases in total lymphocyte and CD4+ T-cell counts in some participants receiving islatravir in clinical studies; the islatravir/lenacapavir combination remains under a partial clinical hold for any studies that would use islatravir doses higher than the doses considered for the revised clinical programs. MK-8527 is an investigational once-monthly, oral nucleoside analog leveraging translocation inhibition, for HIV-1 pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP). MK-1406 (formerly CD388) is an investigational small molecule neuraminidase inhibitor stably conjugated to a proprietary Fc fragment of a human antibody designed to prevent seasonal and pandemic influenza. MK-1406, which received Breakthrough Therapy designation from the FDA in 2025, was obtained in connection with the January 2026 acquisition of Cidara Therapeutics, Inc. MK-7240, tulisokibart, is an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody directed to tumor necrosis factor-like ligand 1A, a central amplifier of inflammatory pathways and fibrotic mechanisms in inflammatory bowel disease, being evaluated for the treatment of Crohn s disease and ulcerative colitis. MK-4482, Lagevrio , is an investigational oral antiviral medicine for the treatment of mild to moderate COVID-19 in adults who are at risk for progressing to severe disease. Merck is developing Lagevrio in collaboration with Ridgeback Biotherapeutics LP. The FDA granted Emergency Use Authorization for Lagevrio in December 2021, which was last reissued in November 2023. Lagevrio is authorized for the treatment of adults with a current diagnosis of mild to moderate COVID-19, and who are at high risk for progression to severe COVID-19, including hospitalization or death, and for whom alternative COVID-19 treatment options approved or authorized by the FDA are not accessible or clinically appropriate. Lagevrio is not approved for any use in the U.S. and is authorized only for the duration of the declaration that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of its emergency use under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, unless the authorization is terminated or revoked sooner. In 2024, an additional Phase 3 clinical trial (MOVe-NOW) was initiated to evaluate Lagevrio for the treatment of adults with COVID-19 at high risk for disease progression. MOVe-NOW will build on existing Lagevrio data to assess efficacy in the current COVID-19 environment and support applications for licensure. Additionally, the Company announced in November 2025 that the Phase 2, proof-of-concept CADENCE trial of Winrevair met the primary endpoint of reduction in pulmonary vascular resistance from baseline at 24 weeks compared to placebo in adults with combined post- and precapillary pulmonary hypertension due to heart failure with preserved ejection fraction. Based on the pharmacological activity observed in this proof-of-concept study, the Company intends to proceed with Phase 3 development. 21 Table of Contents The chart below reflects the Company s research pipeline as of February 20, 2026. Candidates shown in Phase 3 include the date such candidate entered into Phase 3 development. Candidates shown in Phase 2 include the most advanced compound with a specific mechanism or, if listed compounds have the same mechanism, they are each currently intended for commercialization in a given therapeutic area. Small molecules and biologics generally are given MK-number designations and vaccine candidates generally are given V-number designations. Except as otherwise noted, candidates in Phase 1, additional indications in the same therapeutic area (other than with respect to cancer, immunology and certain other indications) and additional claims, line extensions or formulations for in-line products are not shown. Phase 2 Alzheimer s Disease MK-1167 MK-2214 Atherosclerosis MK-7262 Cancer MK-1022 (patritumab deruxtecan) (1) Biliary Bladder Cervical Endometrial Esophageal Gastric Head and Neck Hepatocellular Melanoma Non-Small Cell Lung Ovarian Pancreatic Prostate MK-1084 (calderasib) (1) Solid Tumors MK-2400 (ifinatamab deruxtecan) (1) Biliary Bladder Breast Cervical Endometrial Head and Neck Hepatocellular Melanoma Non-Small Cell Lung Ovarian Pancreatic Cancer MK-2870 (sacituzumab tirumotecan) (1) Biliary Bladder Esophageal Neoplasm Malignant Pancreatic MK-3120 Bladder MK-3475 Keytruda Prostate MK-3475A Keytruda Qlex Hematological Malignancies (U.S.) MK-5684 (opevesostat) Breast Endometrial Ovarian MK-5909 (raludotatug deruxtecan) (1) Bladder Cervical Endometrial Gastric Non-Small Cell Lung Renal Cell Small Cell Lung MK-6070 (gocatamig) (1) Small Cell Lung MK-6482 Welireg Breast Cancer V940 (intismeran autogene) (1) Bladder Renal Cell Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseases MK-5884A (ensifentrine+glycopyrrolate) Eye Disorders MK-8748 HIV-1 Infection MK-8591B (islatravir+ulonivirine) Immunology MK-7240 (tulisokibart) Axial Spondyloarthritis Hidradenitis Suppurativa Rheumatoid Arthritis Systemic Sclerosis Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Steatohepatitis (MASH) MK-6024 (efinopegdutide) Pulmonary Hypertension-Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease MK-5475 Pulmonary Hypertension Due To Left Heart Disease MK-7962 Winrevair 22 Table of Contents Phase 3 (Phase 3 entry date) Under Review Cancer MK-1022 (patritumab deruxtecan) (1) Breast (July 2025) MK-1026 (nemtabrutinib) Hematological Malignancies (March 2023) MK-1084 (calderasib) (1) Colorectal (July 2025) Non-Small Cell Lung (May 2024) MK-1308A (quavonlimab+pembrolizumab) Renal Cell (April 2021) MK-2140 (zilovertamab vedotin) Hematological Malignancies (September 2024) MK-2400 (ifinatamab deruxtecan) (1) Esophageal (March 2025) Prostate (May 2025) Small Cell Lung (July 2024) MK-2870 (sacituzumab tirumotecan) (1) Breast (April 2024) Cervical (July 2024) Endometrial (December 2023) Gastric (May 2024) Non-Small Cell Lung (November 2023) Ovarian (April 2025) MK-3475 Keytruda Small-Cell Lung (May 2017) MK-3543 (bomedemstat) Myeloproliferative Disorders (December 2023) MK-5909 (raludotatug deruxtecan) (1) Ovarian (December 2025) MK-5684 (opevesostat) Prostate (December 2023) MK-7339 Lynparza (1) Non-Small Cell Lung (June 2019) Small Cell Lung (December 2020) V940 (intismeran autogene) (1) Melanoma (July 2023) Non-Small Cell Lung (December 2023) COVID-19 MK-4482 Lagevrio (U.S.) (May 2021) (1)(2) Dengue Fever Virus Vaccine V181 (June 2025) Diabetic Macular Edema MK-3000 (3) HIV-1 Infection MK-8591A (doravirine+islatravir) (February 2020) ( EU ) MK-8591D (islatravir+lenacapavir) (October 2024) (1)(4) HIV-1 Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis MK-8527 (July 2025) Hypercholesterolemia MK-0616 (enlicitide decanoate) (August 2023) Immunology MK-7240 (tulisokibart) Crohn s Disease (June 2024) Ulcerative Colitis (October 2023) Influenza MK-1406 (September 2025) New Molecular Entities HIV-1 Infection MK-8591A (doravirine+islatravir) (U.S.) (JPN) Respiratory Syncytial Virus MK-1654 Enflonsia (EU) (JPN) Certain Supplemental Filings Cancer MK-3475 Keytruda Platinum-Resistant Recurrent Ovarian Cancer (KEYNOTE-B96) (EU) (JPN) Cisplatin-Ineligible Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer (KEYNOTE-905) (EU) (JPN) First-Line Unresectable Locally Advanced or Metastatic Triple Negative Breast Cancer (KEYNOTE-D19) (U.S.) MK-3475A Keytruda Qlex First-Line Unresectable Locally Advanced o r Metastatic Triple Negative Breast Cancer (KEYNOTE-D19) (U.S.) MK-6482 Welireg Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma Following Nephrectomy (LITESPARK-022) (U.S.) (5) Previously Treated Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (LITESPARK-011) (U.S.) (1) Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension MK-7962 Winrevair (HYPERION) (U.S.) Footnotes: (1) Being developed in a collaboration. (2) Available in the U.S. under Emergency Use Authorization. (3) Program is in a Phase 2/3 study that commenced in August 2024. (4) On FDA partial clinical hold for higher doses of islatravir than those used in current clinical trials. (5) Under review for combination use with Keytruda or Keytruda Qlex. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, the Company had approximately 75,000 employees worldwide, including approximately 30,000 people in the U.S., including Puerto Rico, and approximately 15,000 third-party contractors globally. Third-party contractors include temporary workers, independent contractors, and freelancers who are considered full-time equivalent employees; outsourced service providers are excluded. Approximately 73,000 employees are full-time employees. Approximately 21% of employees worldwide are covered by collective bargaining agreements. For 2025, the voluntary turnover rate was approximately 4.8%. The Company s success depends on the integrity, skill, and collaboration of its employees, who are essential to meeting the needs of patients and customers. Talent Acquisition, Management and Development The Company takes a comprehensive approach to recruiting and leadership development to hire and retain qualified leaders with a range of knowledge, skills, backgrounds, and perspectives. The Company s communications strategy, employer branding, marketing outreach, social media, and strategic partnerships help it reach talent across its critical business areas. In 2025, the Company hired approximately 6,800 people globally through its external career site, direct candidate sourcing, employee referrals, universities, and other channels. As the Company strives to be the world s premier research-based biopharmaceutical company, it remains focused on 23 Table of Contents continuously developing the leadership and management skills of its people, building workforce capabilities to accelerate talent, improving performance, and mitigating risk through relevant continuous learning experiences and technical and functional trainings for all employees. Employee Engagement and Culture Collaboration is central to the Company s success and future innovation. The Company strives to create an environment of respect, engagement, and empowerment, and seeks to hire and develop top talent by providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. The Company believes these practices create a competitive edge by focusing on the needs of patients worldwide and leveraging employee insights to improve performance. By building strong relationships with its employees, the Company fosters an engaging employee experience that propels the Company forward. Compensation and Benefits The Company s compensation and benefits programs are designed to attract, retain, and motivate talent, and to support employees and their families in every stage of life. The Company continually monitors and adjusts its compensation and benefits programs to remain competitive, contemporary, helpful, and engaging and to ensure that they are anchored in fairness, flexibility, quality, security, and affordability. The Company regularly reviews pay practices and policies to help ensure employees are fairly compensated. The Company offers a personal health care concierge service to assist U.S. employees participating in its medical plan with their health care needs. In support of the Company s cancer care strategy, Merck provides enhanced cancer screening benefits with cash incentives, immediate access to two leading cancer centers of excellence for U.S. employees and high-value cancer support resources, including caregiving and mental health services, for employees and their families. Globally, the Company has a minimum standard of 12 weeks of paid parental leave. In the U.S., the Company s benefits rank in the top quartile of Fortune s Most Admired Companies and 100 Best Companies to Work For of companies that participated in the Aon 2025 Benefits Index. Employee Well-being The Company is committed to helping its employees and their families improve their health and well-being, including physical, mental, financial, and social. This commitment has earned the Company recognition including the Business Group on Health s Best Employers Excellence in Health Well-being. As part of the Company s culture of well-being, it offers flexible work arrangements and onsite services to help employees thrive. In the U.S., these services include onsite health care professionals at many major sites, onsite cafeterias, childcare, gyms, and convenient banking through an employee credit union. Environmental Matters Environmental Sustainability The Company is committed to enabling a safe, sustainable, and healthy future, consistent with its purpose to save and improve lives. In alignment with the Company s Corporate Strategic Framework and long-standing environmental stewardship efforts, the Company s environmental sustainability strategy focuses on: (1) driving operational efficiency, (2) designing new products to minimize environmental impact, and (3) reducing impacts across the Company s upstream and downstream value chain. The Company ensures its ongoing commitment to these areas through thoughtful governance. Its Environmental, Health and Safety Council (EHS Council) is a cross-functional body with leadership representation from each area of the Company s business and is responsible for overseeing its environmental sustainability strategy, policy, and risk mitigation controls. The EHS Council monitors performance against the Company s environmental sustainability goals and increases transparency on environmental issues within the Company, senior management, and the Board of Directors (the Board). The Global Safety and Environment vice president communicates progress on environmental sustainability goals, objectives, and other important issues to the Board, senior management, and the EHS Council. Additionally, the head of the Environmental Sustainability Center of Excellence is a member of the Sustainability Strategy Management Team, a group of functional experts that advises, shapes, and drives the Company s long-term sustainability strategy with guidance from an internal cross divisional forum of senior leaders. The Company s cross-functional Environmental Sustainability Implementation Steering Committee was designated by the EHS Council to oversee the progress of initiatives that support the achievement of the Company s public goals and provide guidance on resourcing of the Company s environmental sustainability strategy. The Company believes that climate change could present risks to its business, as discussed in further detail in Item 1A. Risk Factors below under the headings Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects and Environmental, social and governance matters may impact the Company s business and reputation. 24 Table of Contents Some of the potential impacts of climate change to the Company s business include increased operating costs due to additional regulatory requirements, physical risks to the Company s facilities, water limitations, and disruptions to its supply chain. These potential risks are integrated into the Company s business planning, including investment in reducing energy usage, water use, and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The Company has adopted a set of climate goals to help position it to succeed in an increasingly resource-constrained world. These goals address the rising expectations of the Company s customers, investors, external stakeholders, and employees regarding the environmental impact of its operations and supply chain. The Company s climate goals include reducing Scope 1 and 2 operational GHG emissions 46% by 2030 (from a 2019 baseline), continuing to source 100% of its purchased electricity from renewable sources, and reducing Scope 3 GHG emissions 30% by 2030 (from a 2019 baseline). In 2024, the Company committed to a net-zero target for its GHG emissions across its global operations (Scopes 1, 2, and 3) by 2045, aligned with the guidelines of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), a third-party organization. Other environmental sustainability initiatives of the Company include: Partnering for progress across the Company s value chain. The Company is working to reduce its Scope 3 emissions through a robust supplier engagement approach to reinforce the Company s expectations, drive partnerships, and raise awareness of the Company s climate change objectives to accelerate GHG reduction activities. The Company launched the Sustainability Partner Exchange, an education and partnership series to facilitate dialogue and knowledge-sharing between the Company and its suppliers. This innovative initiative fosters the exchange of best practices in environmental sustainability, open discussions on common challenges, and cross-industry collaboration to drive decarbonization. The Company continues to improve upon the accuracy of its Scope 3 GHG data through close collaboration with suppliers to enhance Scope 3 data calculation, collection, and reporting processes. Playbooks for a sustainable environment. To help direct and track projects in support of its goals, the Company has developed a suite of playbooks to guide site-level progress. The Low Carbon Transition Playbook provides a common platform and gap assessment to evaluate energy management program maturity, set short- and long-term plans to reduce carbon intensity, and build a pathway to net zero. The Waste Diversion and Water Conservation Playbooks help sites build roadmaps to meet Company-wide goals for waste diversion and water efficiency, including local strategies for material and water use and environmentally responsible procurement. This standardized approach drives consistent project execution across the global network and enables continuous improvement toward the Company s goals. The playbooks are updated to include the advent of new technology, the evolution of sustainable processes, and lessons learned from best practice sharing among the sites. Realizing the benefits of green and sustainable science . The Company believes that meeting its environmental sustainability goals is intrinsically linked to the creation of innovative, cost-efficient manufacturing processes with low environmental impact. The Company aims to develop efficient and sustainable processes at product launch, with the goal of minimizing material use and waste from its commercial manufacturing. The Company utilizes an innovative green-by-design development strategy with a goal to progress from an initial early clinical supply route to a fully optimized and sustainable commercial manufacturing process. The Company received the Peter J. Dunn Award for Green Chemistry and Engineering Impact for four of the past five years, an award given by the American Chemical Society in recognition of outstanding implementation of novel green chemistry in the pharmaceutical industry. Waste diversion . The Company continuously evaluates its sites waste disposal methods to gain a better understanding of its network and changes therein, as well as to identify risks and opportunities in its value chain. Based on its evaluation, the Company implemented programs to divert non-hazardous landfill waste from its four highest landfill-generating sites. The Company continues its efforts to reduce its global operational waste sent to landfills or incinerators. Water as a shared resource. As water is a key input to the Company s manufacturing operations, the Company assesses water risk throughout its network as a standard business practice. The water risk assessment process enables the Company to better prioritize facilities and catchments for water stewardship activities and lays the foundation for potential future water targets in priority locations. The Company s sites are employing various technologies and techniques aimed at reducing its water footprint and improving operational performance. The Company s endorsement of the United Nations CEO Water Mandate enables alignment of the Company s water program with the mandate s 25 Table of Contents principles. The Company has continued to identify partnerships to help it advance its water stewardship priorities in the areas in which it operates. The Company continues to review and explore other opportunities to further its environmental strategy and will evaluate potential impacts and commitments. Management does not believe that expenditures related to these initiatives should have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources for any year. Environmental Regulation and Remediation The Company believes that there are no compliance issues associated with applicable environmental laws and regulations that would have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company is also remediating environmental contamination resulting from past industrial activity at certain of its sites. Expenditures for remediation and environmental liabilities were $8 million in 2025 and are estimated to be $26 million in the aggregate for the years 2026 through 2030. These amounts do not consider potential recoveries from other parties. The Company has taken an active role in identifying and accruing for these costs and, in management s opinion, the liabilities for all environmental matters that are probable and reasonably estimable have been accrued and totaled $42 million and $41 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of these matters, or the ultimate costs of remediation, management does not believe that any reasonably possible expenditures that may be incurred in excess of the liabilities accrued should exceed approximately $58 million in the aggregate. Management also does not believe that these expenditures should result in a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity for any year. Geographic Area Information The Company s operations outside the U.S. are conducted primarily through subsidiaries. Sales worldwide by subsidiaries outside the U.S. as a percentage of total Company sales were 44% in 2025, 50% in 2024 and 53% in 2023. The Company s worldwide business is subject to risks of currency fluctuations, governmental actions and other governmental proceedings abroad. The Company does not regard these risks as a deterrent to further expansion of its operations abroad. However, the Company closely reviews its methods of operations and adopts strategies responsive to changing economic and political conditions. The Company has operations in countries located in Latin America, the Middle East, Africa, Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific. Business in these developing areas, while sometimes less stable, offers important opportunities for growth over time. Available Information The Company s Internet website address is merck.com . The Company will make available, free of charge at the Investors portion of its website, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The address of the SEC website is sec.gov . In addition, the Company will provide without charge a copy of its Annual Report on Form 10-K, including financial statements and schedules, upon the written request of any shareholder to the Office of the Secretary, Merck Co., Inc., 126 East Lincoln Avenue, Rahway, NJ 07065 U.S.A. The Company s corporate governance guidelines and the charters of the Board of Directors four standing committees are available on the Company s website at www.merck.com/company-overview/leadership/board-of-directors/ and all such information is available in print to any shareholder who requests it from the Company. The Company s 2024/2025 Impact Report, which provides enhanced sustainability disclosures, is available in the Sustainability section of the Company s website at www.merck.com. Information in the Company s Impact Report is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Summary Risk Factors The Company is subject to a number of risks that if realized could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or prospects. The following is a summary of the principal risk factors facing the Company: 26 Table of Contents The Company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business could be materially adversely affected. As the Company s products lose market exclusivity, the Company generally experiences a significant and rapid loss of sales from those products. Key products generate a significant amount of the Company s profits and cash flows, and any events that adversely affect the markets for its leading products could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. The Company s research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and the Company may not be able to acquire commercially successful products in other ways; consequently, the Company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that lose patent protection. The Company s success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks. The Company faces continued pricing pressure with respect to its products in the public and private sectors. Unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions, together with cost-reduction measures being taken by the U.S. and other countries, could negatively affect the Company s operating results. The Company faces intense competition from both lower cost generic and biosimilar products and competitors products. The Company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. Environmental, social and governance matters may impact the Company s business and reputation. Failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect the Company s ability to successfully develop and commercialize products. The Company may experience difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products, including vaccines. The Company s business in China experienced significantly lower sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9 in 2025 and the Company expects that sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9 in China will not materially increase in 2026. As a consequence of the reduced sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9, the Company s business in China declined significantly. The Company may not be able to realize the expected benefits of its investments in emerging markets. The Company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. Pharmaceutical products can develop unexpected safety or efficacy concerns. Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could materially adversely affect the Company s business. Negative events in the animal health industry could have a material adverse effect on future results of operations and financial condition of the Company or its Animal Health business. Biologics and vaccines carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s future results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. The health care industry in the U.S. has been, and will continue to be, subject to increasing regulation and political action. The Company s products, including products in development, cannot be marketed unless the Company obtains and maintains regulatory approval or authorization. 27 Table of Contents Developments following regulatory approval or authorization may adversely affect sales of the Company s products. The Company is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations. The Company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition. Adverse outcomes in current or future legal matters could negatively affect the Company s business. Product liability insurance for products may be limited, cost prohibitive or unavailable. The Company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure, including the use of cloud-based applications and environments. The Company continues to be a target of cyber-attacks that could lead to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research and sales operations. The Company is increasing its use of artificial intelligence (AI) systems to automate processes, analyze data, and support decision-making, which poses inherent risks. Social media and mobile messaging platforms present risks and challenges. The above list is not exhaustive, and the Company faces additional challenges and risks. Investors should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this Form 10-K, including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest in any of the Company s securities. Risk Factors The risks below are not the only ones the Company faces. Additional risks not currently known to the Company or that the Company presently deems immaterial may also impair its business operations. The Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Company s results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks it faces described below and elsewhere. See Cautionary Factors that May Affect Future Results below. Risks Related to the Company s Business The Company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business could be materially adversely affected. Patent protection is considered, in the aggregate, to be of material importance to the Company s marketing of human health and animal health products in the U.S. and in most major foreign markets. Patents covering products that it has introduced normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the successful marketing and sale of its products. The Company seeks patents covering each of its products in each of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful patent protection is available. Even if the Company succeeds in obtaining patents covering its products, third parties or government authorities may challenge or seek to invalidate or circumvent its patents and patent applications. It is important for the Company s business to successfully assert and defend the patent rights that provide market exclusivity for its products. The Company is often involved in patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or claims by third parties of infringement against the Company. The Company asserts and defends its patents both within and outside the U.S., including by filing claims of infringement against other parties. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 10. Contingencies and Environmental Liabilities below. In particular, manufacturers of generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical products from time to time file abbreviated NDAs or BLAs with the FDA seeking to market generic/biosimilar forms of the Company s products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned or licensed by the Company. The Company normally responds by asserting one or more of its patents with a lawsuit alleging patent infringement. Patent litigation and other challenges to the Company s patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive the Company of market exclusivity for a patented product or, in some cases, third-party patents may prevent the Company from marketing and selling a product in a particular geographic area. Additionally, certain foreign governments have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be granted in the case of national emergencies or in other circumstances, which could diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those regions and negatively affect the Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. Further, court decisions relating to other companies patents, potential legislation in both the U.S. and 28 Table of Contents certain foreign markets relating to patents, as well as regulatory initiatives may result in a more general weakening of intellectual property protection. If one or more important products lose patent protection in profitable markets, sales of those products are likely to decline significantly as a result of generic or biosimilar versions of those products becoming available. The Company s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial position, and prospects may be adversely affected by the lost sales unless and until the Company has launched commercially successful products that replace the lost sales. In addition, if products that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions experience difficulties in the market that negatively affect product cash flows, the Company may recognize material non-cash impairment charges with respect to the value of those products. A chart listing the key patent protection for certain of the Company s marketed products, and U.S. patent protection for candidates in Phase 3 clinical development is set forth above in Item 1. Business Patents, Trademarks and Licenses. As the Company s products lose market exclusivity, the Company generally experiences a significant and rapid loss of sales from those products. The Company depends upon patents to provide it with exclusive marketing rights for its products for some period of time. Loss of patent protection for one of the Company s products typically leads to a significant and rapid loss of sales for that product as lower priced generic or biosimilar versions become available. In the case of products that contribute significantly to the Company s sales, the loss of market exclusivity can have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Bridion will lose market exclusivity in the U.S. in July 2026 at which time the Company anticipates a significant and rapid decline in U.S. sales of Bridion . The Company expects to discontinue U.S. sales of Bridion by the end of 2026. In addition, Januvia and Janumet will lose market exclusivity in the U.S. in May 2026 and Janumet XR will lose market exclusivity in the U.S. in July 2026. The Company expects a significant decline in sales of Januvia in the first half of 2026 reflecting the impact of government price setting noted above and subsequently, following loss of market exclusivity in May 2026, the Company anticipates it will lose nearly all U.S. sales of Januvia and Janumet . Also, the Company expects that sales of Keytruda will be materially negatively impacted by biosimilar competition between 2028 and 2029. As previously disclosed, while two patents in the Keytruda composition of matter patent family expire in May and November of 2029, respectively, the Company expects these patents to be the subject of litigation and, thus, biosimilar competition could begin in December 2028 when the primary compound patent expires. The Company also expects to lose market exclusivity in Europe for Keytruda in 2031 following compound patent expiration. There may, however, be attempts by one or more companies to challenge the patent or launch a biosimilar product despite the patent in some European jurisdictions following the expiration of data exclusivity in Europe in July 2026. Key products generate a significant amount of the Company s profits and cash flows, and any events that adversely affect the markets for its leading products could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. The Company s ability to generate profits and operating cash flows depends largely upon the continued profitability of the Company s key products, such as Keytruda , Gardasil/Gardasil 9, Lynparza, Winrevair, and Bravecto . In particular, in the aggregate, in 2025, sales of Keytruda represented 49% of the Company s total sales. As a result of the Company s dependence on key products, any event that adversely affects any of these products or the markets for any of these products, such as the materially lower demand for Gardasil/Gardasil 9 in China which the Company has experienced, could have a significant adverse impact on results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. Other events could include loss of patent protection, selection for IRA price setting, lower than expected utilization of Keytruda Qlex , increased costs associated with manufacturing, generic, biosimilar or over-the-counter availability of the Company s product or a competitive product, the discovery of previously unknown side effects, results of post-approval trials, increased competition from the introduction of new, more effective treatments and discontinuation or removal from the market of the product for any reason. Such events could have a material adverse effect on the sales of any such products. The Company s research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and the Company may not be able to acquire commercially successful products in other ways; consequently, the Company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that lose patent protection. In order to remain competitive, the Company, like other major pharmaceutical companies, must continue to launch new products. Expected declines in sales of products after the loss of market exclusivity mean that the Company s future success is dependent on its pipeline of new products, including new products that it may develop 29 Table of Contents through collaborations and joint ventures and products that it is able to obtain through license or acquisition. To accomplish this, the Company commits substantial effort, funds and other resources to research and development, both through its own dedicated resources and through various collaborations with third parties. There is a high rate of failure inherent in the research and development process for new drugs and vaccines. As a result, there is a high risk that funds invested by the Company in research programs will not generate financial returns. This risk profile is compounded by the fact that this research has a long investment cycle. To bring a pharmaceutical compound from the discovery phase to market may take a decade or more and failure can occur at any point in the process, including later in the process after significant funds have been invested. For a description of the research and development process, see Item 1. Business Research and Development above. Each phase of testing is highly regulated and during each phase there is a substantial risk that the Company will encounter serious obstacles or will not achieve its goals. Therefore, the Company may abandon a product candidate or use in which it has invested substantial amounts of time and resources. Some of the risks encountered in the research and development process include the following: preclinical testing of a new compound may yield disappointing results; competing products from other manufacturers may reach the market first; clinical trials of a new drug may not be successful; a new drug may not be effective or may have harmful side effects; a new drug may not be approved by the regulators for its intended use; it may not be possible to obtain a patent for a new drug; payers may refuse to cover or reimburse the new product; or sales of a new product may be disappointing. The Company cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products now under development will be approved or launched; whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire compounds, product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful. The Company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. The Company s success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks. Product candidates or uses that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or fail to succeed for numerous reasons, including the following: findings of ineffectiveness, superior safety or efficacy of competing products, or harmful side effects in clinical or preclinical testing; failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals, including delays in the approval of new products and new indications, or the anticipated labeling, and uncertainties about the time required to obtain regulatory approvals and the benefit/risk standards applied by regulatory agencies in determining whether to grant approvals; failure in certain markets to obtain reimbursement commensurate with the level of innovation and clinical benefit presented by the product; changes in clinical preferences or standards of care, including competitor innovations, that diminish the value of the product; lack of economic feasibility due to manufacturing costs or other factors; and preclusion from commercialization by the proprietary rights of others. In the future, if certain pipeline programs are cancelled or if the Company believes that their commercial prospects have been reduced, the Company may recognize material non-cash impairment charges for those programs that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions or certain collaborations. Failure to successfully develop and market new products in the short term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. The Company faces continued pricing pressure with respect to its products in the public and private sectors. The Company faces continued pricing pressure globally and, particularly in mature markets, from managed care organizations, government agencies and programs that could negatively affect the Company s sales 30 Table of Contents and profit margins. In the U.S., these include (i) U.S. federal laws and regulations related to Medicare and Medicaid, including the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, the ACA, and the IRA, (ii) practices of managed care groups and institutional and governmental purchasers, and (iii) state activities aimed at increasing price transparency, including new laws as noted above in Item 1. Competition and the Health Care Environment. Changes to the health care system enacted as part of health care reform in the U.S., as well as increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, could result in further pricing pressures. As noted in Item 1. Competition and the Health Care Environment, in 2023, HHS selected Januvia for the first year of the IRA s price setting program, which resulted in a government set price becoming effective on January 1, 2026. In 2025, HHS selected Janumet and Janumet XR for government price setting, which will become effective on January 1, 2027. In addition, in January 2026, HHS announced that Lenvima has been selected for government price setting, the set price for which will become effective on January 1, 2028. Furthermore, the Company expects that in 2027 HHS will include Keytruda in a subsequent selection of products to undergo IRA price setting, with such price to become effective on January 1, 2029 and the Company expects that, as a result, U.S. sales of Keytruda will decline materially after that time. Government price setting may also impact pricing in the private market, negatively affecting the Company s performance. Also, as noted above, in December 2025, the Company entered into the MFN Agreement with the U.S. government pursuant to which the Company will provide key products through a direct-to-patient program at affordable prices for eligible patients in the U.S. This currently includes Januvia , Janumet , and Janumet XR , and will be expanded in the future to include enlicitide decanoate pending FDA approval. The Company also agreed to offer its existing medicines at discounted prices to Medicaid, excluding certain products. In addition, the Company has agreed that products launched during the term of the MFN Agreement (with certain exceptions) will be subject to most-favored-nation pricing in reference to prices for such products in the MFN Countries. In addition, in the U.S., larger customers have received higher rebates on drugs in certain highly competitive categories. The Company must also compete to be placed on formularies of managed care organizations. Exclusion of a product from a formulary can lead to reduced usage in the managed care organization. The Company is also facing pricing pressure from purchasers of certain vaccines in highly competitive categories. Also, the Company expects that U.S. states will continue their focus on pharmaceutical pricing and may shift to more aggressive price control tools. Outside the U.S., numerous major markets, including the EU, Japan and China have pervasive government involvement in funding health care and, in that regard, fix the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical and vaccine products. Consequently, in those markets, the Company is subject to government decision making and budgetary actions with respect to its products. In Japan, the pharmaceutical industry is subject to government-mandated annual price reductions of pharmaceutical products and certain vaccines. Furthermore, the Japanese government can order re-pricing for specific products if it determines that use of such product will exceed certain thresholds defined under applicable re-pricing rules. The Company expects pricing pressures to continue in the future. Unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions, together with cost-reduction measures being taken by the U.S. and other countries, could negatively affect the Company s operating results. The Company s business may be adversely affected by local and global economic conditions, including with respect to inflation, interest rates, and costs of raw materials and packaging. Uncertainty in global economic and geopolitical conditions may result in a slowdown to the global economy that could affect the Company s business by reducing the prices that drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers may be able or willing to pay for the Company s products or by reducing the demand for the Company s products, which could in turn negatively impact the Company s sales and result in a material adverse effect on the Company s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. As discussed above in Item 1. Competition and the Health Care Environment, global efforts toward health care cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing and market access worldwide. Changes to the U.S. health care system as part of health care reform, as well as increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, have contributed to pricing pressure. In several international markets, government-mandated pricing actions have reduced prices of generic and patented drugs. In addition, the Company s sales performance in 2025 was negatively affected by other cost-reduction measures taken by governments and other third parties to lower health care costs, including in the U.S., the expansion of the Federal 340B Drug Discount Program. The Company anticipates all of these actions, and additional actions in the future, will continue to negatively affect sales and profits. 31 Table of Contents In addition, it is possible that as a consequence of the MFN Agreement, certain of the Company s products may not be launched in the MFN Countries or their launch may be delayed and as a result, the MFN Countries may take actions that adversely impact the Company. If credit and economic conditions worsen, the resulting economic and currency impacts in the affected markets and globally could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results. The Company faces intense competition from both lower cost generic and biosimilar products and competitors products. In general, the Company faces increasing competition from lower-cost generic and biosimilar products. The patent rights that protect its products are of varying strengths and durations. In addition, in some countries, patent protection is significantly weaker than in the U.S. or in the EU. In the U.S. and the EU, political pressure to reduce spending on prescription drugs has led to legislation and other measures that encourage the use of generic and biosimilar products. Although it is the Company s policy to actively protect its patent rights, challenges to the Company s products can arise at any time, and the Company s patents may not prevent the emergence of generic or biosimilar competition for its products. Loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by generic or biosimilar substitutes, reducing the Company s sales of that product. Availability of generic or biosimilar substitutes for the Company s drugs may adversely affect its results of operations and cash flows. In addition, proposals emerge from time to time in the U.S. and other countries for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic or biosimilar drugs. Any such proposal that is enacted into law could worsen this substantial negative effect on the Company s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Also, the Company s products face intense competition from competitors products. This competition may increase as new products enter the market. In such an event, the competitors products may be safer or more effective, more convenient to use, have better insurance coverage or reimbursement levels or be more effectively marketed and sold than the Company s products. Alternatively, in the case of generic or biosimilar competition, including the generic or biosimilar availability of competitors branded products, they may be equally safe and effective products that are sold at a substantially lower price than the Company s products. As a result, if the Company fails to maintain its competitive position, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, if products that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions experience difficulties in the market that negatively impact product cash flows, the Company may recognize material non-cash impairment charges with respect to the value of those products. The Company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. The extent of the Company s operations outside the U.S. is significant. Risks inherent in conducting a global business include: changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs and pricing restrictions in key markets; multiple regulatory requirements that could restrict the Company s ability to manufacture and sell its products in key markets; trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements, including the imposition of trade sanctions or similar restrictions by the U.S. or other governments; the imposition of tariffs by the U.S. or other governments; foreign exchange fluctuations; diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries; and possible nationalization and expropriation. In addition, there may be changes to the Company s business if there is instability, disruption or destruction in a significant geographic region, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or man-made disasters, including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, storm or disease. Events like these, such as the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, and conflict in the Middle East, and/or policy changes with respect to international trade protection measures, could result in material adverse effects on 32 Table of Contents macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets, and may adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. The Company believes that climate change has the potential to negatively affect its business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. The Company is exposed to physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions, inland flooding or rising sea levels), risks in transitioning to a low-carbon economy (such as additional legal or regulatory requirements, changes in technology, market risk and reputational risk) and social and human effects (such as population dislocations and harm to health and well-being) associated with climate change. These risks can be either acute (short-term) or chronic (long-term). The adverse impacts of climate change include increased frequency and severity of natural disasters and extreme weather events such as hurricanes, tornados, wildfires (exacerbated by drought), flooding, and extreme heat. Extreme weather, inland flooding and sea-level rise pose physical risks to the Company s facilities as well as those of its suppliers. Such risks include losses incurred as a result of physical damage to facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by such natural disasters and extreme weather events. Other potential physical impacts due to climate change include reduced access to high-quality water in certain regions and the loss of biodiversity, which could impact future product development. These risks could disrupt the Company s operations and its supply chain, which may result in increased costs. New legal and regulatory requirements with respect to climate-related matters, which may differ across jurisdictions, could result in the Company being subject to increased compliance burdens and costs to meet these obligations. The Company s supply chain would likely be subject to similar risks and would likely pass along any increased costs to the Company, which may affect the Company s ability to procure raw materials or other supplies required for the operation of the Company s business at the quantities and levels required. Environmental, social and governance matters may impact the Company s business and reputation. Governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, customers, investors, external stakeholders and employees are sensitive to environmental, social and governance concerns, such as human capital, climate change, water use, recyclability or recoverability of packaging, and plastic waste. The focus on these concerns may lead to new requirements that could result in increased costs associated with developing, manufacturing and distributing the Company s products, and related reporting obligations. The Company s ability to compete could also be affected by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as growing demand for validated net zero GHG emission targets and more environmentally friendly products, packaging or supplier practices, or by failure to meet such customer expectations or demand. The Company risks negative shareholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services, as well as damage to its brand and reputation and inability to attract and retain employee talent, if the Company fails to act responsibly, or if the Company is perceived to not be acting responsibly, in key areas, including equitable access to medicines and vaccines, product quality and safety, environmental stewardship, reduction of GHG emissions, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency, and addressing human capital factors in the Company s operations. Responding to these considerations as well as any applicable regulatory requirements and implementation of the Company s goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside of the Company s control. In addition, some governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, and stakeholders may disagree with the Company s goals and initiatives. If the Company does not meet the rapidly evolving and varied regulatory requirements and expectations of its investors, customers and other stakeholders, the Company could experience negative impacts to the Company s business and results of operations. In addition, the Company is subject to evolving mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements, including the EU s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and potentially the SEC s climate-related reporting requirements (which are currently stayed), the legislation in California requiring reporting of GHG emissions (which is currently subject to legal challenge) and climate risk (which is currently stayed pending appeal), and similar regulatory requirements in other jurisdictions outside the U.S. These evolving regulatory requirements may result in increased costs and complexities of compliance in order to collect, measure and report on the relevant information, and could expose the Company to the risk of government enforcement actions and private litigation. 33 Table of Contents Failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect the Company s ability to successfully develop and commercialize products. The Company s success is largely dependent on its continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical research and development, governmental regulation and commercialization. Competition for qualified personnel in the pharmaceutical industry, both in the U.S. and internationally, is intense. The Company cannot be certain that it will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase. The Company may experience difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products, including vaccines. Merck from time to time experiences difficulties in manufacturing certain of its products, including vaccines. The Company may, in the future, experience other difficulties and delays in manufacturing its products, such as (i) failure of the Company or any of its vendors or suppliers to comply with Current Good Manufacturing Practices and other applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages and delays in product manufacturing; (ii) delays related to the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for the Company s products; and (iii) other manufacturing or distribution problems including supply chain delays, shortages in raw materials, changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in types of products produced, or physical limitations that could impact continuous supply. In addition, the Company could experience difficulties or delays in manufacturing its products caused by natural disasters, such as hurricanes. Manufacturing difficulties can result in product shortages, leading to lost sales and reputational harm to the Company. The Company s business in China experienced significantly lower sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9 in 2025 and the Company expects that sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9 in China will not materially increase in 2026. As a consequence of the reduced sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9 , the Company s business in China declined significantly. The Company s business in China experienced significantly lower sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9 in 2025. Due to above normal inventory levels at the Company s commercialization partner in China, the Company made a decision to pause shipments to China beginning in February 2025 and has not resumed shipments to date. The Company will not resume shipments until inventory levels return to normal levels and it cannot predict when shipments to China will resume nor the levels of sales that the Company will achieve and as a result, the Company expects that sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9 in China will not materially increase in 2026. In June 2025, a nine-valent HPV vaccine produced by a local manufacturer received regulatory approval in China for use in females 9-45 years of age. Furthermore, the government's anti-corruption campaign, particularly the increased number of inspections and audits, could substantially increase the administrative burden on health care institutions and health care professionals throughout the whole industry in China and potentially have a negative impact on the Company's sales. In addition to its commercial operations, the Company has significant research and manufacturing operations in China, including working with Chinese entities such as Wuxi Apptech Co., Ltd. If geopolitical tensions were to increase and disrupt the Company s operations in China, such disruption could result in a material adverse effect on the Company s product development, sales, business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Also, growth of the Company s business in China is dependent upon ongoing development of a favorable environment for innovative pharmaceutical products and vaccines, sustained access for the Company s currently marketed products, and the absence of trade impediments or adverse pricing controls. As noted above in Item 1. Competition and the Health Care Environment, pricing pressure in China has increased as the Chinese government has been taking steps to reduce costs, including implementing health care reform that has led to the acceleration of generic substitution, where available. While the mechanism for drugs being added to the NRDL evolves, inclusion may require a price negotiation which could impact the outlook in the market for selected brands. A new NRDL was recently completed in which new entries averaged approximately 60% price reductions. While pricing pressure has always existed in China, health care reform has increased this pressure in part due to the acceleration of generic substitution through the government s VBP program. The government has implemented the VBP program through a tendering process for mature products which have generic substitutes with a Generic Quality Consistency Evaluation approval. Mature products that have entered into the latest rounds of VBP had, on average, a price reduction of more than 50%. The Company expects that the VBP process will have a significant impact on mature products moving forward. 34 Table of Contents The Company may not be able to realize the expected benefits of its investments in emerging markets. The Company has been taking steps to increase its sales in emerging markets. However, there is no guarantee that the Company s efforts to expand sales in these markets will succeed. Some countries within emerging markets may be especially vulnerable to periods of global financial instability or may have very limited resources to spend on health care. In order for the Company to operate successfully in emerging markets, it must attract and retain qualified personnel. The Company may also be required to increase its reliance on third-party agents within less developed markets, which may affect its ability to realize continued growth and may also increase the Company s risk exposure. In addition, many of these countries have currencies that fluctuate substantially and, if such currencies devalue and the Company cannot offset the devaluations, the Company s financial performance within such countries could be adversely affected. For all these reasons, sales within emerging markets carry significant risks. However, at the same time, macro-economic growth of selected emerging markets is expected to lead to significant increased health care spending in those countries and access to innovative medicines for patients. A failure to maintain the Company s presence in emerging markets could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. The Company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. The Company operates in multiple jurisdictions and virtually all sales are denominated in currencies of the local jurisdiction. Additionally, the Company has entered and will enter into business development transactions, borrowings or other financial transactions that may give rise to currency and interest rate exposure. Since the Company cannot, with certainty, foresee and mitigate against such adverse changes, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, interest rates and inflation could negatively affect the Company s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. For example, Argentina is currently experiencing hyperinflation, which is affecting the Company s operations in that market. In order to mitigate against the adverse impact of these market fluctuations, the Company will from time to time enter into hedging agreements. While hedging agreements, such as currency options and forwards, and interest rate swaps, may limit some of the exposure to exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations, such attempts to mitigate these risks may be costly and not always successful. Pharmaceutical products can develop unexpected safety or efficacy concerns. Unexpected safety or efficacy concerns can arise with respect to marketed p