=== MRK_2026-02-24.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Summary Risk Factors The Company is subject to a number of risks that if realized could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or prospects. The following is a summary of the principal risk factors facing the Company: 26 Table of Contents • The Company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business could be materially adversely affected. • As the Company’s products lose market exclusivity, the Company generally experiences a significant and rapid loss of sales from those products. • Key products generate a significant amount of the Company’s profits and cash flows, and any events that adversely affect the markets for its leading products could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. • The Company’s research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and the Company may not be able to acquire commercially successful products in other ways; consequently, the Company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that lose patent protection. • The Company’s success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks. • The Company faces continued pricing pressure with respect to its products in the public and private sectors. • Unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions, together with cost-reduction measures being taken by the U.S. and other countries, could negatively affect the Company’s operating results. • The Company faces intense competition from both lower cost generic and biosimilar products and competitors’ products. • The Company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. • Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect the Company’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. • Environmental, social and governance matters may impact the Company’s business and reputation. • Failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect the Company’s ability to successfully develop and commercialize products. • The Company may experience difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products, including vaccines. • The Company’s business in China experienced significantly lower sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9 in 2025 and the Company expects that sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9 in China will not materially increase in 2026. As a consequence of the reduced sales of Gardasil/Gardasil 9, the Company’s business in China declined significantly. • The Company may not be able to realize the expected benefits of its investments in emerging markets. • The Company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. • Pharmaceutical products can develop unexpected safety or efficacy concerns. • Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could materially adversely affect the Company’s business. • Negative events in the animal health industry could have a material adverse effect on future results of operations and financial condition of the Company or its Animal Health business. • Biologics and vaccines carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s future results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. • The health care industry in the U.S. has been, and will continue to be, subject to increasing regulation and political action. • The Company’s products, including products in development, cannot be marketed unless the Company obtains and maintains regulatory approval or authorization. 27 Table of Contents • Developments following regulatory approval or authorization may adversely affect sales of the Company’s products. • The Company is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations. • The Company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition. • Adverse outcomes in current or future legal matters could negatively affect the Company’s business. • Product liability insurance for products may be limited, cost prohibitive or unavailable. • The Company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure, including the use of cloud-based applications and environments. The Company continues to be a target of cyber-attacks that could lead to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research and sales operations. • The Company is increasing its use of artificial intelligence (AI) systems to automate processes, analyze data, and support decision-making, which poses inherent risks. • Social media and mobile messaging platforms present risks and challenges. The above list is not exhaustive, and the Company faces additional challenges and risks. Investors should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this Form 10-K, including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest in any of the Company’s securities. Risk Factors The risks below are not the only ones the Company faces. Additional risks not currently known to the Company or that the Company presently deems immaterial may also impair its business operations. The Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Company’s results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks it faces described below and elsewhere. See “Cautionary Factors that May Affect Future Results” below. Risks Related to the Company’s Business The Company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business could be materially adversely affected. Patent protection is considered, in the aggregate, to be of material importance to the Company’s marketing of human health and animal health products in the U.S. and in most major foreign markets. Patents covering products that it has introduced normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the successful marketing and sale of its products. The Company seeks patents covering each of its products in each of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful patent protection is available. Even if the Company succeeds in obtaining patents covering its products, third parties or government authorities may challenge or seek to invalidate or circumvent its patents and patent applications. It is important for the Company’s business to successfully assert and defend the patent rights that provide market exclusivity for its products. The Company is often involved in patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or claims by third parties of infringement against the Company. The Company asserts and defends its patents both within and outside the U.S., including by filing claims of infringement against other parties. See Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” Note 10. “Contingencies and Environmental Liabilities” below. In particular, manufacturers of generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical products from time to time file abbreviated NDAs or BLAs with the FDA seeking to market generic/biosimilar forms of the Company’s products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned or licensed by the Company. The Company normally responds by asserting one or more of its patents with a lawsuit alleging patent infringement. Patent litigation and other challenges to the Company’s patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive the Company of market exclusivity for a patented product or, in some cases, third-party patents may prevent the Company from marketing and selling a product in a particular geographic area. Additionally, certain foreign governments have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be granted in the case of national emergencies or in other circumstances, which could diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those regions and negatively affect the Company’s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. Further, court decisions relating to other companies’ patents, potential legislation in both the U.S. and 28 Table of Contents certain foreign markets relating to patents, as well as regulatory initiatives may result in a more general weakening of intellectual property protection. If one or more important products lose patent protection in profitable markets, sales of those products are likely to decline significantly as a result of generic or biosimilar versions of those products becoming available. The Company’s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial position, and prospects may be adversely affected by the lost sales unless and until the Company has launched commercially successful products that replace the lost sales. In addition, if products that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions experience difficulties in the market that negatively affect product cash flows, the Company may recognize material non-cash impairment charges with respect to the value of those products. A chart listing the key patent protection for certain of the Company’s marketed products, and U.S. patent protection for candidates in Phase 3 clinical development is set forth above in Item 1. “Business — Patents, Trademarks and Licenses.” As the Company’s products lose market exclusivity, the Company generally experiences a significant and rapid loss of sales from those products. The Company depends upon patents to provide it with exclusive marketing rights for its products for some period of time. Loss of patent protection for one of the Company’s products typically leads to a significant and rapid loss of sales for that product as lower priced generic or biosimilar versions become available. In the case of products that contribute significantly to the Company’s sales, the loss of market exclusivity can have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Bridion will lose market exclusivity in the U.S. in July 2026 at which time the Company anticipates a significant and rapid decline in U.S. sales of Bridion . The Company expects to discontinue U.S. sales of Bridion by the end of 2026. In addition, Januvia and Janumet will lose market exclusivity in the U.S. in May 2026 and Janumet XR will lose market exclusivity in the U.S. in July 2026. The Company expects a significant decline in sales of Januvia in the first half of 2026 reflecting the impact of government price setting noted above and subsequently, following loss of market exclusivity in May 2026, the Company anticipates it will lose nearly all U.S. sales of Januvia and Janumet . Also, the Company expects that sales of Keytruda will be materially negatively impacted by biosimilar competition between 2028 and 2029. As previously disclosed, while two patents in the Keytruda composition of matter patent family expire in May and November of 2029, respectively, the Company expects these patents to be the subject of litigation and, thus, biosimilar competition could begin in December 2028 when the primary compound patent expires. The Company also expects to lose market exclusivity in Europe for Keytruda in 2031 following compound patent expiration. There may, however, be attempts by one or more companies to challenge the patent or launch a biosimilar product despite the patent in some European jurisdictions following the expiration of data exclusivity in Europe in July 2026. Key products generate a significant amount of the Company’s profits and cash flows, and any events that adversely affect the markets for its leading products could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. The Company’s ability to generate profits and operating cash flows depends largely upon the continued profitability of the Company’s key products, such as Keytruda , Gardasil/Gardasil 9, Lynparza, Winrevair, and Bravecto . In particular, in the aggregate, in 2025, sales of Keytruda represented 49% of the Company’s total sales. As a result of the Company’s dependence on key products, any event that adversely affects any of these products or the markets for any of these products, such as the materially lower demand for Gardasil/Gardasil 9 in China which the Company has experienced, could have a significant adverse impact on results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. Other events could include loss of patent protection, selection for IRA price setting, lower than expected utilization of Keytruda Qlex , increased costs associated with manufacturing, generic, biosimilar or over-the-counter availability of the Company’s product or a competitive product, the discovery of previously unknown side effects, results of post-approval trials, increased competition from the introduction of new, more effective treatments and discontinuation or removal from the market of the product for any reason. Such events could have a material adverse effect on the sales of any such products. The Company’s research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and the Company may not be able to acquire commercially successful products in other ways; consequently, the Company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that lose patent protection. In order to remain competitive, the Company, like other major pharmaceutical companies, must continue to launch new products. Expected declines in sales of products after the loss of market exclusivity mean that the Company’s future success is dependent on its pipeline of new products, including new products that it may develop 29 Table of Contents through collaborations and joint ventures and products that it is able to obtain through license or acquisition. To accomplish this, the Company commits substantial effort, funds and other resources to research and development, both through its own dedicated resources and through various collaborations with third parties. There is a high rate of failure inherent in the research and development process for new drugs and vaccines. As a result, there is a high risk that funds invested by the Company in research programs will not generate financial returns. This risk profile is compounded by the fact that this research has a long investment cycle. To bring a pharmaceutical compound from the discovery phase to market may take a decade or more and failure can occur at any point in the process, including later in the process after significant funds have been invested. For a description of the research and development process, see Item 1. “Business — Research and Development” above. Each phase of testing is highly regulated and during each phase there is a substantial risk that the Company will encounter serious obstacles or will not achieve its goals. Therefore, the Company may abandon a product candidate or use in which it has invested substantial amounts of time and resources. Some of the risks encountered in the research and development process include the following: preclinical testing of a new compound may yield disappointing results; competing products from other manufacturers may reach the market first; clinical trials of a new drug may not be successful; a new drug may not be effective or may have harmful side effects; a new drug may not be approved by the regulators for its intended use; it may not be possible to obtain a patent for a new drug; payers may refuse to cover or reimburse the new product; or sales of a new product may be disappointing. The Company cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products now under development will be approved or launched; whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire compounds, product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful. The Company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. The Company’s success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks. Product candidates or uses that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or fail to succeed for numerous reasons, including the following: • findings of ineffectiveness, superior safety or efficacy of competing products, or harmful side effects in clinical or preclinical testing; • failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals, including delays in the approval of new products and new indications, or the anticipated labeling, and uncertainties about the time required to obtain regulatory approvals and the benefit/risk standards applied by regulatory agencies in determining whether to grant approvals; • failure in certain markets to obtain reimbursement commensurate with the level of innovation and clinical benefit presented by the product; • changes in clinical preferences or standards of care, including competitor innovations, that diminish the value of the product; • lack of economic feasibility due to manufacturing costs or other factors; and • preclusion from commercialization by the proprietary rights of others. In the future, if certain pipeline programs are cancelled or if the Company believes that their commercial prospects have been reduced, the Company may recognize material non-cash impairment charges for those programs that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions or certain collaborations. Failure to successfully develop and market new products in the short term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. The Company faces continued pricing pressure with respect to its products in the public and private sectors. The Company faces continued pricing pressure globally and, particularly in mature markets, from managed care organizations, government agencies and programs that could negatively affect the Company’s sales 30 Table of Contents and profit margins. In the U.S., these include (i) U.S. federal laws and regulations related to Medicare and Medicaid, including the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, the ACA, and the IRA, (ii) practices of managed care groups and institutional and governmental purchasers, and (iii) state activities aimed at increasing price transparency, including new laws as noted above in Item 1. “Competition and the Health Care Environment.” Changes to the health care system enacted as part of health care reform in the U.S., as well as increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, could result in further pricing pressures. As noted in Item 1. “Competition and the Health Care Environment,” in 2023, HHS selected Januvia for the first year of the IRA’s price setting program, which resulted in a government set price becoming effective on January 1, 2026. In 2025, HHS selected Janumet and Janumet XR for government price setting, which will become effective on January 1, 2027. In addition, in January 2026, HHS announced that Lenvima has been selected for government price setting, the set price for which will become effective on January 1, 2028. Furthermore, the Company expects that in 2027 HHS will include Keytruda in a subsequent selection of products to undergo IRA price setting, with such price to become effective on January 1, 2029 and the Company expects that, as a result, U.S. sales of Keytruda will decline materially after that time. Government price setting may also impact pricing in the private market, negatively affecting the Company’s performance. Also, as noted above, in December 2025, the Company entered into the MFN Agreement with the U.S. government pursuant to which the Company will provide key products through a direct-to-patient program at affordable prices for eligible patients in the U.S. This currently includes Januvia , Janumet , and Janumet XR , and will be expanded in the future to include enlicitide decanoate pending FDA approval. The Company also agreed to offer its existing medicines at discounted prices to Medicaid, excluding certain products. In addition, the Company has agreed that products launched during the term of the MFN Agreement (with certain exceptions) will be subject to “most-favored-nation” pricing in reference to prices for such products in the MFN Countries. In addition, in the U.S., larger customers have received higher rebates on drugs in certain highly competitive categories. The Company must also compete to be placed on formularies of managed care organizations. Exclusion of a product from a formulary can lead to reduced usage in the managed care organization. The Company is also facing pricing pressure from purchasers of certain vaccines in highly competitive categories. Also, the Company expects that U.S. states will continue their focus on pharmaceutical pricing and may shift to more aggressive price control tools. Outside the U.S., numerous major markets, including the EU, Japan and China have pervasive government involvement in funding health care and, in that regard, fix the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical and vaccine products. Consequently, in those markets, the Company is subject to government decision making and budgetary actions with respect to its products. In Japan, the pharmaceutical industry is subject to government-mandated annual price reductions of pharmaceutical products and certain vaccines. Furthermore, the Japanese government can order re-pricing for specific products if it determines that use of such product will exceed certain thresholds defined under applicable re-pricing rules. The Company expects pricing pressures to continue in the future. Unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions, together with cost-reduction measures being taken by the U.S. and other countries, could negatively affect the Company’s operating results. The Company’s business may be adversely affected by local and global economic conditions, including with respect to inflation, interest rates, and costs of raw materials and packaging. Uncertainty in global economic and geopolitical conditions may result in a slowdown to the global economy that could affect the Company’s business by reducing the prices that drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers may be able or willing to pay for the Company’s products or by reducing the demand for the Company’s products, which could in turn negatively impact the Company’s sales and result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. As discussed above in Item 1. “Competition and the Health Care Environment,” global efforts toward health care cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing and market access worldwide. Changes to the U.S. health care system as part of health care reform, as well as increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, have contributed to pricing pressure. In several international markets, government-mandated pricing actions have reduced prices of generic and patented drugs. In addition, the Company’s sales performance in 2025 was negatively affected by other cost-reduction measures taken by governments and other third parties to lower health care costs, including in the U.S., the expansion of the Federal 340B Drug Discount Program. The Company anticipates all of these actions, and additional actions in the future, will continue to negatively affect sales and profits. 31 Table of Contents In addition, it is possible that as a consequence of the MFN Agreement, certain of the Company’s products may not be launched in the MFN Countries or their launch may be delayed and as a result, the MFN Countries may take actions that adversely impact the Company. If credit and economic conditions worsen, the resulting economic and currency impacts in the affected markets and globally could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results. The Company faces intense competition from both lower cost generic and biosimilar products and competitors’ products. In general, the Company faces increasing competition from lower-cost generic and biosimilar products. The patent rights that protect its products are of varying strengths and durations. In addition, in some countries, patent protection is significantly weaker than in the U.S. or in the EU. In the U.S. and the EU, political pressure to reduce spending on prescription drugs has led to legislation and other measures that encourage the use of generic and biosimilar products. Although it is the Company’s policy to actively protect its patent rights, challenges to the Company’s products can arise at any time, and the Company’s patents may not prevent the emergence of generic or biosimilar competition for its products. Loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by generic or biosimilar substitutes, reducing the Company’s sales of that product. Availability of generic or biosimilar substitutes for the Company’s drugs may adversely affect its results of operations and cash flows. In addition, proposals emerge from time to time in the U.S. and other countries for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic or biosimilar drugs. Any such proposal that is enacted into law could worsen this substantial negative effect on the Company’s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Also, the Company’s products face intense competition from competitors’ products. This competition may increase as new products enter the market. In such an event, the competitors’ products may be safer or more effective, more convenient to use, have better insurance coverage or reimbursement levels or be more effectively marketed and sold than the Company’s products. Alternatively, in the case of generic or biosimilar competition, including the generic or biosimilar availability of competitors’ branded products, they may be equally safe and effective products that are sold at a substantially lower price than the Company’s products. As a result, if the Company fails to maintain its competitive position, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, if products that were measured at fair value and capitalized in connection with acquisitions experience difficulties in the market that negatively impact product cash flows, the Company may recognize material non-cash impairment charges with respect to the value of those products. The Company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. The extent of the Company’s operations outside the U.S. is significant. Risks inherent in conducting a global business include: • changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs and pricing restrictions in key markets; • multiple regulatory requirements that could restrict the Company’s ability to manufacture and sell its products in key markets; • trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements, including the imposition of trade sanctions or similar restrictions by the U.S. or other governments; • the imposition of tariffs by the U.S. or other governments; • foreign exchange fluctuations; • diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries; and • possible nationalization and expropriation. In addition, there may be changes to the Company’s business if there is instability, disruption or destruction in a significant geographic region, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or man-made disasters, including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, storm or disease. Events like these, such as the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, and conflict in the Middle East, and/or policy changes with respect to international trade protection measures, could result in material adverse effects on 32 Table of Contents macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets, and may adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect the Company’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. The Company believes that clima

=== MRK_2026-05-04.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10‑K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed on February 24, 2026, the Company discusses in more detail various important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic results. The Company notes these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. One should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the reader should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties. PART II - Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings The information called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 8 included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements (unaudited) — Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer purchases of equity securities for the three months ended March 31, 2026 were as follows: ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES ($ in millions) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) January 1 - January 31 3,283,324 $108.62 3,283,324 $6,964 February 1 - February 28 2,254,286 $119.10 2,254,286 $6,696 March 1 - March 31 2,121,980 $117.17 2,121,980 $6,447 Total 7,659,590 $114.07 7,659,590 (1) Shares purchased during the period were made as part of a plan approved by the Board of Directors in January 2025 to purchase up to $10 billion of Merck’s common stock for its treasury. Item 5. Other Information Insider Trading Arrangements During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or executive officers adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each item is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. - 43 - Item 6. Exhibits Number Description 3.1 — Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Merck & Co., Inc. (November 3, 2009) – Incorporated by reference to Merck & Co., Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2009 (No. 1-6571) 3.2 — By-Laws of Merck & Co., Inc. (effective November 19. 2024) – Incorporated by reference to Merck & Co., Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2024 (No. 1-6571) 31.1 — Rule 13a – 14(a)/15d – 14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 — Rule 13a – 14(a)/15d – 14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 — Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 32.2 — Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 101.INS — XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH — XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL — XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF — XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB — XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE — XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 — Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). - 44 - Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. MERCK & CO., INC. Date: May 4, 2026 /s/ Jennifer Zachary JENNIFER ZACHARY Executive Vice President and General Counsel Date: May 4, 2026 /s/ Dalton Smart DALTON SMART Senior Vice President Finance - Global Controller - 45 - 