=== APO_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other filings with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Risk Factors Summary The following is only a summary of the principal risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, which should be read in conjunction with the detailed description of these risks in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Some of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows include, but are not limited to, the following: Evolving political, market and economic conditions; The variability in our revenues, earnings and cash flow; Our ability to expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses and attract new types of investors; Our business initiatives to increase the number and type of products offered to individual investors; Our operations in highly competitive industries; Our dependence on management s assumptions and estimates; Our dependence on certain key personnel; Harm caused by actual or alleged misconduct, unethical behavior and other activities by our current and former employees, directors, or others affiliated with us; Our reliance on technology and information systems; Artificial intelligence increasing competitive, operational, legal and regulatory risks; Investments by us and the funds we manage in illiquid assets; Reliance by us and the funds we manage on the financing markets; Our reliance on our asset management business; Our dependence on our retirement services business; Our ability to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest; Our ability to comply with the extensive regulation of our businesses; Increased regulatory focus on our businesses and legislative or regulatory changes; Our exposure to third-party litigation; The tax treatment of our structure, which is complex and subject to change; The impact of a number of new minimum tax regimes and their implementation; and We may be subject to U.S. federal income tax in amounts greater than expected. 3 Table of Contents Terms Used in This Report In this report, references to Apollo, we, us, our, and the Company refer to Apollo Global Management, Inc. ( AGM ) and its subsidiaries unless the context requires otherwise. References to AGM common stock or common stock of the Company refer to shares of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of AGM and Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock refers to the 6.75% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of AGM. The use of any defined term in this report to mean more than one entity, person, security or other item collectively is solely for convenience of reference and in no way implies that such entities, persons, securities or other items are one indistinguishable group. For example, notwithstanding the use of the defined terms Apollo, we, us, our, and the Company in this report to refer to AGM and its subsidiaries, each subsidiary of AGM is a standalone legal entity that is separate and distinct from AGM and any of its other subsidiaries. Any Apollo entity (including any Athene entity) referenced herein is responsible for its own financial, contractual and legal obligations. Term or Acronym Definition AAA Apollo Aligned Alternatives Aggregator, L.P. AAA Lux Apollo Aligned Alternatives Lux Aggregator, L.P. AAIA Athene Annuity and Life Company AAM Apollo Asset Management, Inc. (f/k/a Apollo Global Management, Inc. prior to the Mergers.) AARe Athene Annuity Re Ltd., a Bermuda reinsurance subsidiary ABS Asset-backed securities Accord+ Apollo Accord+ Fund, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord+ II Apollo Accord+ II Fund, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord I Apollo Accord Master Fund, L.P., together with its feeder funds Accord II Apollo Accord Master Fund II, L.P., together with its feeder funds Accord III Apollo Accord Master Fund III, L.P., together with its feeder funds Accord III B Apollo Accord Master Fund III B, L.P., together with its feeder funds Accord IV Apollo Accord Fund IV, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord V Apollo Accord Fund V, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord VI Apollo Accord Fund VI, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord VII Apollo Accord Fund VII, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Accord Funds Accord I, Accord II, Accord III, Accord III B, Accord IV, Accord V and Accord VI Accord+ Funds Accord+ and Accord+ II ACRA ACRA 1 and ACRA 2 ACRA 1 Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate Holding Ltd., together with its subsidiaries ACRA 2 Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate Holding 2 Ltd., together with its subsidiaries ADCF Apollo Diversified Credit Fund ADIP ADIP I and ADIP II ADIP I Apollo/Athene Dedicated Investment Program (A), L.P., together with its parallel funds, a series of funds managed by Apollo including third-party capital that, through ACRA 1, invests alongside Athene in certain investments ADIP II Apollo/Athene Dedicated Investment Program II, L.P., a fund managed by Apollo including third-party capital that, through ACRA 2, invests alongside Athene in certain investments Adjusted Net Income Shares Outstanding, or ANI Shares Outstanding Consists of total shares of common stock outstanding, RSUs that participate in dividends, and shares of common stock assumed to be issuable upon the conversion of the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock ADREF Apollo Diversified Real Estate Fund ADS Apollo Debt Solutions BDC AFS Available-for-sale AIOF I Apollo Infra Equity US Fund, L.P. and Apollo Infra Equity International Fund, L.P., including their feeder funds and alternative investment vehicles AIOF II Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Fund II, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles AIOF III Apollo Infrastructure Opportunities Fund III, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles ALRe Athene Life Re Ltd., a Bermuda reinsurance subsidiary 4 Table of Contents Alternative investments Alternative investments, including investment funds and certain VIEs, adjusted for reinsurance impacts and to include Athene's proportionate share of ACRA alternative investments based on its economic ownership AMH Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, that is an indirect subsidiary of AGM ANRP I Apollo Natural Resources Partners, L.P., together with its alternative investment vehicles ANRP II Apollo Natural Resources Partners II, L.P., together with its alternative investment vehicles ANRP III Apollo Natural Resources Partners III, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOG Units Units of the Apollo Operating Group Apollo DAF The donor-advised fund established by Apollo Apollo funds, our funds and references to the funds we manage The funds (including the parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles of such funds), partnerships, accounts, including strategic investment accounts or SIAs, alternative asset companies and other entities for which subsidiaries of Apollo provide investment management or advisory services. Apollo Operating Group (i) The entities through which we currently operate our asset management business and (ii) one or more entities formed for the purpose of, among other activities, holding certain of our gains or losses on our principal investments in the funds, which we refer to as our principal investments. Apollo TRA The tax receivable agreement entered into by and among APO Corp., the Former Managing Partners, the Contributing Partners, and other parties thereto ARI Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. ARIS Apollo Realty Income Solutions, Inc. Assets Under Management, or AUM The assets of the funds, partnerships and accounts to which Apollo provides investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services, including, without limitation, capital that such funds, partnerships and accounts have the right to call from investors pursuant to capital commitments. Our AUM equals the sum of: 1. the NAV, plus used or available leverage and/or capital commitments, or gross assets plus capital commitments, of the credit and certain equity funds, partnerships and accounts for which we provide investment management or advisory services, other than certain CLOs, CDOs, and certain perpetual capital vehicles, which have a fee-generating basis other than the mark-to-market value of the underlying assets; for certain perpetual capital vehicles in credit, gross asset value plus available financing capacity; 2. the fair value of the investments of the equity and certain credit funds, partnerships and accounts Apollo manages or advises, plus the capital that such funds, partnerships and accounts are entitled to call from investors pursuant to capital commitments, plus portfolio level financings; 3. the gross asset value associated with the reinsurance investments of the portfolio company assets Apollo manages or advises; and 4. the fair value of any other assets that Apollo manages or advises for the funds, partnerships and accounts to which Apollo provides investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services, plus unused credit facilities, including capital commitments to such funds, partnerships and accounts for investments that may require pre-qualification or other conditions before investment plus any other capital commitments to such funds, partnerships and accounts available for investment that are not otherwise included in the clauses above. Apollo s AUM measure includes Assets Under Management for which Apollo charges either nominal or zero fees. Apollo s AUM measure also includes assets for which Apollo does not have investment discretion, including certain assets for which Apollo earns only investment-related service fees, rather than management or advisory fees. Apollo s definition of AUM is not based on any definition of Assets Under Management contained in its governing documents or in any management agreements of the funds Apollo manages. Apollo considers multiple factors for determining what should be included in its definition of AUM. Such factors include but are not limited to (1) Apollo s ability to influence the investment decisions for existing and available assets; (2) Apollo s ability to generate income from the underlying assets in the funds it manages; and (3) the AUM measures that Apollo uses internally or believes are used by other investment managers. Given the differences in the investment strategies and structures among other alternative investment managers, Apollo s calculation of AUM may differ from the calculations employed by other investment managers and, as a result, this measure may not be directly comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. Apollo s calculation also differs from the manner in which its affiliates registered with the SEC report Regulatory Assets Under Management on Form ADV and Form PF in various ways. Apollo uses AUM, Gross capital deployment and Dry powder as performance measurements of its investment activities, as well as to monitor fund size in relation to professional resource and infrastructure needs. Athene Athene Holding Ltd. ( Athene Holding or AHL , together with its subsidiaries, Athene ), a leading financial services company specializing in retirement services that issues, reinsures and acquires retirement savings products designed for the increasing number of individuals and institutions seeking to fund retirement needs, and to which Apollo, through its consolidated subsidiary ISG, provides asset management and advisory services. 5 Table of Contents Athora Athora Holding, Ltd. ( Athora Holding , together with its subsidiaries, Athora ), a strategic liabilities platform that acquires or reinsures blocks of insurance business in the German and broader European life insurance market (collectively, the Athora Accounts ). Apollo, through ISGI, provides investment advisory services to Athora. Athora Non-Sub-Advised Assets includes the Athora assets which are managed by Apollo but not sub-advised by Apollo nor invested in Apollo funds or investment vehicles. Athora Sub-Advised includes assets which the Company explicitly sub-advises as well as those assets in the Athora Accounts which are invested directly in funds and investment vehicles Apollo manages. Atlas An equity investment of AAA and refers to certain subsidiaries of Atlas Securitized Products Holdings LP AUM with Future Management Fee Potential The committed uninvested capital portion of total AUM not currently earning management fees. The amount depends on the specific terms and conditions of each fund. AUSA Athene USA Corporation Bermuda RBC The risk-based capital ratio of Athene s non-U.S. reinsurance subsidiaries calculated using Bermuda Capital and applying NAIC risk-based capital factors on an aggregate basis, excluding U.S. subsidiaries which are included within Athene s U.S. RBC Ratio. BMA Bermuda Monetary Authority Bridge Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. Bridge funds Funds, vehicles and accounts managed by subsidiaries of Bridge Bridge TRA The tax receivable agreement with certain equity holders of Bridge Capital solutions fees and other, net Primarily includes transaction fees earned by Apollo Capital Solutions ( ACS ) related to underwriting, structuring, arrangement and placement of debt and equity securities, and syndication for funds managed by Apollo, portfolio companies of funds managed by Apollo, and third parties. Capital solutions fees and other, net also includes advisory fees for the ongoing monitoring of portfolio operations, directors' fees, as well as fees and earnings related to property management activities. These fees also include certain offsetting amounts, including reductions in management fees related to a percentage of these fees recognized ( management fee offset ), and other additional revenue sharing arrangements, including with certain subsidiaries and other affiliates. CDO Collateralized debt obligation CIBC Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Class A shares Class A common stock, $0.00001 par value per share, of AAM prior to the Mergers. CLO Collateralized loan obligation CMBS Commercial mortgage-backed securities CML Commercial mortgage loan Contributing Partners Partners and their related parties (other than Messrs. Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan, our co-founders) who indirectly beneficially owned AOG units. Consolidated RBC The consolidated risk-based capital ratio of Athene s non-U.S. reinsurance and U.S. insurance subsidiaries calculated by aggregating U.S. RBC and Bermuda RBC, with immaterial adjustments for net assets at the holding company. Cost of funds Cost of funds includes liability costs related to cost of crediting on deferred annuities, including, with respect to Athene's indexed annuities, option costs, and institutional costs related to institutional products, as well as other liability costs, but does not include the proportionate share of the ACRA cost of funds associated with the non-controlling interests. Other liability costs include DAC, DSI and VOBA amortization, certain market risk benefit costs, the cost of liabilities on products other than deferred annuities and institutional products, premiums, product charges, excluding market value adjustments, and certain other revenues. Athene includes the costs related to business added through assumed reinsurance transactions but excludes the costs on business related to ceded reinsurance transactions. Cost of funds is computed as the total liability costs divided by the average net invested assets for the relevant period, presented on an annualized basis for interim periods. Credit Strategies Apollo Credit Strategies Master Fund Ltd., together with its feeder funds CS Credit Suisse AG DAC Deferred acquisition costs Deferred annuities Fixed indexed annuities, annual reset annuities, multi-year guaranteed annuities and registered index-linked annuities Dry Powder The amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment subject to the provisions of the applicable limited partnership agreements or other governing agreements of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage. Dry powder excludes uncalled commitments which can only be called for fund fees and expenses and commitments from perpetual capital vehicles. DSI Deferred sales inducement EPF Funds Apollo European Principal Finance Fund, L.P., Apollo European Principal Finance Fund II (Dollar A), L.P., EPF III, and EPF IV, together with their parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles EPF III Apollo European Principal Finance Fund III (Dollar A), L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles EPF IV Apollo European Principal Finance Fund IV (Dollar A), L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles 6 Table of Contents Equity Plan Refers collectively to the Company s 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan and the Company s 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan for Estate Planning Vehicles. FABN Funding agreement backed notes FABR Funding agreement backed repurchase agreement FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FCI Funds Financial Credit Investment I, L.P., Financial Credit Investment II, L.P., together with its feeder funds, Financial Credit Investment Fund III L.P., and Financial Credit Investment IV, L.P., together with its feeder funds Fee-Generating AUM Fee-Generating AUM consists of assets of the funds, partnerships and accounts to which we provide investment management, advisory, or certain other investment-related services and on which we earn management fees, monitoring fees or other investment-related fees pursuant to management or other fee agreements on a basis that varies among the Apollo funds, partnerships and accounts. Management fees are normally based on net asset value, gross assets, adjusted par asset value, adjusted cost of all unrealized portfolio investments, capital commitments, adjusted assets, stockholders equity, invested capital or capital contributions, each as defined in the applicable management agreement. Monitoring fees, also referred to as advisory fees, with respect to the structured portfolio company investments of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage or advise, are generally based on the total value of such structured portfolio company investments, which normally includes leverage, less any portion of such total value that is already considered in Fee-Generating AUM. Fee Related Earnings, or FRE Component of Segment Income that is used to assess the performance of the Asset Management segment. FRE is the sum of (i) management fees, (ii) capital solutions and other related fees, (iii) fee-related performance fees from indefinite term vehicles, that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not dependent on realization events of the underlying investments, excluding performance fees from Athene and performance fees from origination platforms dependent on capital appreciation, and (iv) other income, net, less (a) fee-related compensation, excluding equity-based compensation, (b) non-compensation expenses incurred in the normal course of business, (c) placement fees and (d) non-controlling interests in the management companies of certain funds the Company manages. FIA Fixed indexed annuity, which is an insurance contract that earns interest at a crediting rate based on a specified index on a tax-deferred basis Fixed annuities FIAs together with fixed rate annuities Former Managing Partners Messrs. Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan collectively and, when used in reference to holdings of interests in Apollo or AP Professional Holdings, L.P. includes certain related parties of such individuals Freedom Parent Holdings Freedom Parent Holdings, L.P. GDP Gross Domestic Product Gross capital deployment The gross capital that has been invested by the funds and accounts we manage during the relevant period, but excludes certain investment activities primarily related to hedging and cash management functions at the firm. Gross capital deployment is not reduced or netted down by sales or refinancings, and takes into account leverage used by the funds and accounts we manage in gaining exposure to the various investments that they have made. GLWB Guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit GMDB Guaranteed minimum death benefit Gross IRR of accord series, ADIP funds and the European principal finance funds The annualized return of a fund based on the actual timing of all cumulative fund cash flows before management fees, performance fees allocated to the general partner and certain other expenses. Calculations may include certain investors that do not pay fees. The terminal value is the net asset value as of the reporting date. Non-U.S. dollar denominated ( USD ) fund cash flows and residual values are converted to USD using the spot rate as of the reporting date. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Gross IRR of a traditional private equity or hybrid value fund The cumulative investment-related cash flows (i) for a given investment for the fund or funds which made such investment, and (ii) for a given fund, in the relevant fund itself (and not any one investor in the fund), in each case, on the basis of the actual timing of investment inflows and outflows (for unrealized investments assuming disposition on December 31, 2025 or other date specified) aggregated on a gross basis quarterly, and the return is annualized and compounded before management fees, performance fees and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns on the fund s investments as a whole without regard to whether all of the returns would, if distributed, be payable to the fund s investors. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. 7 Table of Contents Gross IRR of infrastructure funds The cumulative investment-related cash flows in the fund itself (and not any one investor in the fund), on the basis of the actual timing of cash inflows and outflows (for unrealized investments assuming disposition on December 31, 2025 or other date specified) starting on the date that each investment closes, and the return is annualized and compounded before management fees, performance fees, and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns on the fund s investments as a whole without regard to whether all of the returns would, if distributed, be payable to the fund s investors. Non-USD fund cash flows and residual values are converted to USD using the spot rate as of the reporting date. In addition, gross IRRs at the fund level will differ from those at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Gross IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. HoldCo Apollo Global Management, Inc. (f/k/a Tango Holdings, Inc.) HVF I Apollo Hybrid Value Fund, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles HVF II Apollo Hybrid Value Fund II, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles HVF III Apollo Hybrid Value Fund III, L.P., together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles Inflows (i) At the individual strategy level, subscriptions, commitments, and other increases in available capital, such as acquisitions or leverage, net of inter-strategy transfers, and (ii) on an aggregate basis, the sum of inflows across the credit and equity investing strategies. IPO Initial Public Offering ISG Apollo Insurance Solutions Group LP ISGI Refers collectively to Apollo Asset Management Europe LLP, a subsidiary of AAM ( AAME ) and Apollo Asset Management PC LLP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of AAME ( AAME PC ) Management Fee Offset Under the terms of the limited partnership agreements for certain funds, the management fee payable by the funds may be subject to a reduction based on a certain percentage of such advisory and transaction fees, net of applicable broken deal costs. Market risk benefits Guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefits and guaranteed minimum death benefits Mergers Completion of the previously announced merger transactions pursuant to the Merger Agreement Merger Agreement The Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of March 8, 2021 by and among AAM, AGM, AHL, Blue Merger Sub, Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company, and Green Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Merger Date January 1, 2022 MFIC MidCap Financial Investment Corporation (f/k/a Apollo Investment Corporation or AINV ) MidCap FinCo MidCap FinCo LLC, together with its subsidiaries Modco Modified coinsurance NAIC National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAV Net Asset Value Net invested assets Represent the investments that directly back Athene's net reserve liabilities as well as surplus assets. Net invested assets include Athene s (a) total investments on the consolidated statements of financial condition, with available-for-sale securities, trading securities and mortgage loans at cost or amortized cost, excluding derivatives, (b) cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, (c) investments in related parties, (d) accrued investment income, (e) VIE and VOE assets, liabilities and non-controlling interest adjustments, (f) net investment payables and receivables, (g) policy loans ceded (which offset the direct policy loans in total investments) and (h) an adjustment for the allowance for credit losses. Net invested assets exclude the derivative collateral offsetting the related cash positions. Athene includes the investments supporting assumed funds withheld and modco agreements and excludes the investments related to ceded reinsurance transactions in order to match the assets with the income received. Net invested assets include Athene s economic ownership of ACRA investments but do not include the investments associated with the non-controlling interests. Net investment earned rate Computed as income from Athene s net invested assets, excluding the proportionate share of the ACRA net investment income associated with the non-controlling interests, divided by the average net invested assets for the relevant period, presented on an annualized basis for interim periods. Net investment spread Net investment spread measures Athene s investment performance plus its strategic capital management fees less its total cost of funds, presented on an annualized basis for interim periods. Net IRR of accord series, ADIP funds and the European principal finance funds The annualized return of a fund after management fees, performance fees allocated to the general partner and certain other expenses, calculated on investors that pay such fees. The terminal value is the net asset value as of the reporting date. Non-USD fund cash flows and residual values are converted to USD using the spot rate as of the reporting date. In addition, net IRR at the fund level will differ from that at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Net IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. 8 Table of Contents Net IRR of a traditional private equity or the hybrid value funds The gross IRR applicable to a fund, including returns for related parties which may not pay fees or performance fees, net of management fees, certain expenses (including interest incurred or earned by the fund itself) and realized performance fees all offset to the extent of interest income, and measures returns at the fund level on amounts that, if distributed, would be paid to investors of the fund. The timing of cash flows applicable to investments, management fees and certain expenses, may be adjusted for the usage of a fund s subscription facility. To the extent that a fund exceeds all requirements detailed within the applicable fund agreement, the estimated unrealized value is adjusted such that a percentage of up to 20.0% of the unrealized gain is allocated to the general partner of such fund, thereby reducing the balance attributable to fund investors. In addition, net IRR at the fund level will differ from that at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Net IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Net IRR of infrastructure funds The cumulative cash flows in a fund (and not any one investor in the fund), on the basis of the actual timing of cash inflows received from and outflows paid to investors of the fund (assuming the ending net asset value as of the reporting date or other date specified is paid to investors), excluding certain non-fee and non-performance fee bearing parties, and the return is annualized and compounded after management fees, performance fees, and certain other expenses (including interest incurred by the fund itself) and measures the returns to investors of the fund as a whole. Non-USD fund cash flows and residual values are converted to USD using the spot rate as of the reporting date. In addition, net IRR at the fund level will differ from that at the individual investor level as a result of, among other factors, timing of investor-level inflows and outflows. Net IRR does not represent the return to any fund investor. Net reserve liabilities Represent Athene's policyholder and institutional liability obligations net of reinsurance and used to analyze the costs of its liabilities. Net reserve liabilities include Athene s (a) interest sensitive contract liabilities, (b) future policy benefits, (c) net market risk benefits, (d) long-term repurchase obligations, (e) dividends payable to policyholders and (f) other policy claims and benefits, offset by reinsurance recoverable, excluding policy loans ceded. Net reserve liabilities include Athene s economic ownership of ACRA reserve liabilities but do not include the reserve liabilities associated with the non-controlling interests. Net reserve liabilities are net of the ceded liabilities to third-party reinsurers as the costs of the liabilities are passed to such reinsurers and, therefore, Athene has no net economic exposure to such liabilities, assuming its reinsurance counterparties perform under the agreements. Net reserve liabilities include the underlying liabilities assumed through modco reinsurance agreements in order to match the liabilities with the expenses incurred. Non-Fee-Generating AUM AUM that does not produce management fees or monitoring fees. This measure generally includes the following: (i) fair value above invested capital for those funds that earn management fees based on invested capital; (ii) net asset values related to general partner and co-investment interests; (iii) unused credit facilities; (iv) available commitments on those funds that generate management fees on invested capital; (v) structured portfolio company investments that do not generate monitoring fees; and (vi) the difference between gross asset and net asset value for those funds that earn management fees based on net asset value. NYC UBT New York City Unincorporated Business Tax NYSE New York Stock Exchange Origination Represents (i) capital that has been invested in new equity, debt or debt-like investments by Apollo's equity and credit strategies (whether purchased by funds and accounts managed by Apollo, or syndicated to third parties) where Apollo or one of Apollo's origination platforms has sourced, negotiated, or significantly affected the commercial terms of the investment; (ii) new capital pools formed by debt issuances, including CLOs; and (iii) net purchases of certain assets by the funds and accounts we manage that we consider to be private, illiquid, and hard to access assets and which the funds and accounts otherwise may not be able to meaningfully access. Origination generally excludes any issuance of debt or debt-like investments by the portfolio companies of the funds we manage. Other operating expenses within the Principal Investing segment Expenses incurred in the normal course of business and includes allocations of non-compensation expenses related to managing the business. Other operating expenses within the Retirement Services segment Expenses incurred in the normal course of business inclusive of compensation and non-compensation expenses, excluding the proportionate share of the ACRA operating expenses associated with the non-controlling interests. Payout annuities Annuities with a current cash payment component, which consist primarily of single premium immediate annuities, supplemental contracts and structured settlements. PCD Purchased Credit Deteriorated Investments Performance allocations, Performance fees, Performance revenues, Incentive fees and Incentive income The interests granted to Apollo by a fund managed by Apollo that entitle Apollo to receive allocations, distributions or fees which are based on the performance of such fund or its underlying investments. 9 Table of Contents Performance Fee-Eligible AUM AUM that may eventually produce performance fees. All funds for which we are entitled to receive a performance fee allocation or incentive fee are included in Performance Fee-Eligible AUM, which consists of the following: (i) Performance Fee-Generating AUM , which refers to invested capital of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage, advise, or to which we provide certain other investment-related services, that is currently above its hurdle rate or preferred return, and profit of such funds, partnerships and accounts is being allocated to, or earned by, the general partner in accordance with the applicable limited partnership agreements or other governing agreements; (ii) AUM Not Currently Generating Performance Fees , which refers to invested capital of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage, advise, or to which we provide certain other investment-related services, that is currently below its hurdle rate or preferred return; and (iii) Uninvested Performance Fee-Eligible AUM , which refers to capital of the funds, partnerships and accounts we manage, advise, or to which we provide certain other investment-related services, that is available for investment or reinvestment subject to the provisions of applicable limited partnership agreements or other governing agreements, which capital is not currently part of the NAV or fair value of investments that may eventually produce performance fees allocable to, or earned by, the general partner. Perpetual capital Assets under management of certain vehicles with an indefinite duration, which assets may only be withdrawn under certain conditions or subject to certain limitations, including satisfying required hold periods or percentage limits on the amounts that may be redeemed over a particular period. The investment management, advisory or other service agreements with our perpetual capital vehicles may be terminated under certain circumstances. Principal Investing Income, or PII Component of Segment Income that is used to assess the performance of the Principal Investing segment. For the Principal Investing segment, PII is the sum of (i) realized performance fees, including certain realizations received in the form of equity, (ii) realized investment income, less (x) realized principal investing compensation expense, excluding expense related to equity-based compensation, and (y) certain corporate compensation and non-compensation expenses. Principal investing compensation Realized performance compensation, distributions related to investment income and dividends, and includes allocations of certain compensation expenses related to managing the business. Policy loan A loan to a policyholder under the terms of, and which is secured by, a policyholder s policy. Realized Value All cash investment proceeds received by the relevant Apollo fund, including interest and dividends, but does not give effect to management fees, expenses, incentive compensation or performance fees to be paid by such Apollo fund. Redding Ridge Redding Ridge Asset Management, LLC and its subsidiaries, which is a standalone, self-managed asset management business established in connection with risk retention rules that manages CLOs and retains the required risk retention interests. Redding Ridge Holdings Redding Ridge Holdings LP Remaining Cost Total Invested Capital, reduced for any return of capital proceeds received to date. RMBS Residential mortgage-backed securities RML Residential mortgage loan RSUs Restricted share units SIA Strategic investment account SPACs Special purpose acquisition companies Spread Related Earnings, or SRE Component of Segment Income that is used to assess the performance of the Retirement Services segment, excluding certain market volatility, which consists of investment gains (losses), net of offsets and non-operating change in insurance liabilities and related derivatives, and certain expenses related to integration, restructuring, and equity-based compensation, as well as other items. For the Retirement Services segment, SRE equals the sum of (i) the net investment earnings on Athene s net invested assets and (ii) management fees received on business managed for others, less (x) cost of funds, (y) operating expenses excluding equity-based compensation and (z) financing costs, including interest expense and preferred dividends, if any, paid to Athene preferred stockholders. Surplus assets Assets in excess of Athene s policyholder and institutional obligations, determined in accordance with the applicable domiciliary jurisdiction s statutory accounting principles. S3 Equity and Hybrid Solutions Apollo S3 Equity and Hybrid Solutions Fund, L.P. Total Invested Capital The aggregate cash invested by the relevant Apollo fund and includes capitalized costs relating to investment activities, if any, but does not give effect to cash pending investment or available for reserves and excludes amounts, if any, invested on a financed basis with leverage facilities Total Value The sum of the total Realized Value and Unrealized Value of investments 10 Table of Contents Traditional private equity funds Apollo Investment Fund I, L.P. ( Fund I ), AIF II, L.P. ( Fund II ), a mirrored investment account established to mirror Fund I and Fund II for investments in debt securities ( MIA ), Apollo Investment Fund III, L.P. (together with its parallel funds, Fund III ), Apollo Investment Fund IV, L.P. (together with its parallel fund, Fund IV ), Apollo Investment Fund V, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund V ), Apollo Investment Fund VI, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund VI ), Apollo Investment Fund VII, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund VII ), Apollo Investment Fund VIII, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund VIII ), Apollo Investment Fund IX, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund IX ) and Apollo Investment Fund X, L.P. (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, Fund X ). U.S. GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. RBC The CAL RBC ratio for AAIA, Athene's U.S. insurance company U.S. Treasury United States Department of the Treasury Unlocking Assumption unlocking is the annual process of revising current assumptions that impact the projection of benefits to align with recent experience. This may result in an immediate impact that may be favorable, resulting in a reduction in reserves or an increase in VOBA, or unfavorable, resulting in an increase in reserves or a decrease in VOBA. Unrealized Value The fair value consistent with valuations determined in accordance with GAAP, for investments not yet realized and may include payments in kind, accrued interest and dividends receivable, if any, and before the effect of certain taxes. In addition, amounts include committed and funded amounts for certain investments. Venerable Venerable Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries VIAC Venerable Insurance and Annuity Company VIE Variable interest entity Vintage Year The year in which a fund s final capital raise occurred, or, for certain funds, the year of a fund s effective date or the year in which a fund s investment period commences pursuant to its governing agreements. VOBA Value of business acquired VOE Voting interest entity WACC Weighted average cost of capital 11 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Index to Business Overview 13 Our Businesses 13 Asset Management 13 Retirement Services 17 Principal Investing 23 Competition 24 Human Capital 25 Regulatory and Compliance Matters 26 Available Information 32 12 Table of Contents Overview Founded in 1990, Apollo is a high-growth, global alternative asset manager and a retirement services provider. Apollo conducts its business primarily in the U.S. through the following three reportable segments: Asset Management, Retirement Services and Principal Investing. These business segments are differentiated based on the investment services they provide as well as varying investing strategies. Our Businesses Asset Management Our Asset Management segment focuses on credit and equity investing strategies. These strategies reflect the range of investment capabilities across our platform based on relative risk and return. As an asset manager, we earn fees for providing investment management services and expertise to our client base. The amount of fees charged for managing these assets depends on the underlying investment strategy, liquidity profile, and, ultimately, our ability to generate returns for our clients. We also earn capital solutions fees as part of our growing capital solutions business and as part of monitoring and deployment activity alongside our sizable private equity franchise. After expenses, we call the resulting earning stream Fee Related Earnings or FRE , which represents the primary performance measure for the Asset Management segment. As of December 31, 2025, we had total AUM of $938.4 billion. Our Asset Management segment had a team of approximately 4,130 employees, including 600 employees of Bridge as of December 31, 2025, with offices throughout the world. This team possesses a broad range of transaction, financial, managerial and investment skills. We operate our asset management business in a highly integrated manner, which we believe distinguishes us from other alternative asset managers. Our investment teams frequently collaborate across disciplines and we believe that this collaboration enables our clients to more successfully invest across a company s capital structure. Our objective is to achieve superior long-term risk-adjusted returns for our clients. The majority of the investment funds we manage are designed to invest capital over a period of several years from inception, thereby allowing us to seek to generate attractive long-term returns throughout economic cycles. We have a contrarian, value-oriented investment approach, emphasizing downside protection, and the preservation of capital. We believe our contrarian investment approach is reflected in a number of ways, including: our willingness to pursue investments in industries that our competitors typically avoid; the often complex structures employed in some of the investments of our funds; our experience investing during periods of uncertainty or distress in the economy or financial markets; and our willingness to undertake transactions that have substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity. We have applied this investment philosophy to identify what we believe are attractive investment opportunities, deploy capital across the balance sheet of industry leading, or franchise, businesses and create value throughout economic cycles. Credit Credit is our largest asset management strategy with $749.2 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2025. Our credit strategy spans third-party strategies and Apollo s retirement services business across four main investment pillars: direct origination, asset-backed finance, opportunistic credit and multi-credit. Our credit strategy focuses on generating excess returns through high-quality credit underwriting and origination. Beyond participation in the traditional issuance and secondary credit markets, through our origination platforms and corporate solutions capabilities we seek to originate attractive and safe-yielding assets for the investors in the funds we manage. The investment portfolios of the credit-oriented funds Apollo manages include several asset classes as described below as of December 31, 2025: Direct Origination ($302.1 billion of AUM), includes large corporate direct origination, middle-market direct lending, and investment grade and performing credit mandates across managed accounts and CLOs. Apollo s direct origination platform is built to offer companies a variety of financing solutions across investment grade and below investment grade, and public and private markets. The strategy is focused on first lien senior secured investments and is diversified across fixed and floating rate issuance, issuer type and sector; 13 Table of Contents Asset-Backed Finance ($282.7 billion of AUM), includes instruments that are supported first by the contractual cash flows of a pool of assets, and second by the liquidation value of those assets. Asset-backed finance encompasses diverse credit types, such as mortgages, consumer credit, receivables, aircraft lending, and inventory finance, in both whole loan and bond format across the capital structure; Opportunistic Credit ($50.0 billion of AUM), seeks to optimize both near- and longer-term relative value across market cycles by capitalizing on investment opportunities across the credit spectrum, spanning private and public markets as well as corporate and asset-backed credit. Using a flexible approach, the objective of the opportunistic credit strategy is to identify market inefficiencies and unique opportunities to generate excess returns; and Multi-Credit ($40.9 billion of AUM), targets investment grade and high yield performing credit, including income-oriented, senior loan and bond corporate credit, as well as asset-backed finance investments. The multi-credit strategy allocates capital across both public and private markets, seeking to generate enhanced yield and attractive risk-adjusted returns while prioritizing downside protection. Equity Our equity strategy represents $189.2 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2025. Across our equity strategy, we focus on creative structuring and sourcing while working with the management teams of the portfolio companies of Apollo managed funds to help transform and grow their businesses. Our flexible mandate and purchase price discipline allow us to embrace complexity and seek attractive outcomes for our stakeholders. Our equity team has experience across sectors, industries, and geographies spanning its private equity, hybrid value, secondaries equity, AAA, real estate equity, infrastructure and clean transition equity strategies. We have consistently produced attractive long-term investment returns in the traditional private equity funds we manage, generating a 39% gross IRR and a 24% net IRR on a compound annual basis from inception through December 31, 2025. Our equity strategy focuses on several investing strategies as described below as of December 31, 2025: Corporate Private Equity ($78.8 billion of AUM) , which refers to our investment strategy focused on creating investment opportunities with attractive risk-adjusted returns across industries and geographies and throughout market cycles, utilizing our value-oriented investment approach. Through this strategy, we seek to build portfolios of investments that are created at meaningful discounts to comparable market multiples, thereby resulting in what we believe are portfolios focused on capital preservation. The transactions in this strategy include opportunistic buyouts, corporate carveouts and deleveraging investments. Corporate Private Equity also includes our secondaries equity strategy ( Secondaries ), which offers a comprehensive set of secondary and liquidity solutions; Hybrid Value ($17.7 billion of AUM), which refers to our strategy that focuses on investments that share features with both private credit and traditional private equity investments. Hybrid Value offers creative, partnership-driven solutions to counterparties seeking to fund growth initiatives, acquisitions, liquidity events for shareholders and balance sheet deleveraging. By employing a comprehensive and flexible investment approach, the hybrid value strategy aims to generate equity-like returns with credit-like downside protection across market cycles; AAA ($25.6 billion of AUM), which offers investors access to Apollo s flagship private market strategy in a perpetual capital, semi-liquid structure. The strategy seeks to deliver consistent, equity-like returns with lower risk and more downside protection than both public equity and traditional private equity buyout strategies. AAA s portfolio encompasses several investment strategies, such as core private equity, structured equity, traditional private equity, private credit, secondaries, and real assets; Real Estate Equity ($47.9 billion of AUM), which refers to our real estate income strategies encompassing core plus and net lease investments in the non-traded REIT and public and private real estate funds we manage, as well as our value add and opportunistic investments strategies that target investments in real estate assets, portfolios and platforms in regionally focused private funds in both the U.S. and Asia. In September 2025, we completed the acquisition of Bridge, a real estate fund manager with a core focus on residential and industrial properties in the U.S., further expanding our real estate equity product offerings. Our real estate strategy is supported by our vertically integrated approach to asset management, which provides a full suite of services spanning investment management and transaction advisory services, as well as property management, leasing, development and construction management functions and is led by specialized and experienced real estate professionals who bring deep sector knowledge across economic cycles; and 14 Table of Contents Infrastructure and Clean Transition Equity ($21.6 billion of AUM), which refers to the investment strategy of certain funds managed by Apollo that focus on investing in a broad range of infrastructure assets, including digital infrastructure, energy transition, transportation/logistics and sustainable living, as well as our clean transition equity strategy, our dedicated energy transition and decarbonization-focused private equity strategy. This investing strategy also includes the legacy natural resources-focused private equity funds we manage. Perpetual Capital Included within our investing strategies above is $535.6 billion of perpetual capital, out of the $938.4 billion of AUM as of December 31, 2025. Perpetual capital includes, without limitation, certain assets in our credit strategy, including assets relating to publicly traded and non-traded vehicles, certain origination platform assets and assets managed for certain of our retirement services clients. Perpetual capital assets may be withdrawn under certain circumstances and utilize a range of investment strategies, including those described previously. Athene Apollo s asset management business, through its consolidated subsidiary, ISG, provides a full suite of services for Athene s investment portfolio, including direct investment management, asset allocation, mergers and acquisitions asset diligence, and certain operational support services, including investment compliance, tax, legal and risk management support. See Item 1. Business Our Businesses Retirement Services for further details regarding Athene s retirement services business. As of December 31, 2025, Apollo managed or advised $392.2 billion of AUM, of which $386.5 billion was Fee-Generating AUM, in accounts owned by or related to Athene ( Athene Accounts ). Athora Apollo s asset management business, through its consolidated subsidiary, ISGI, provides investment advisory services to certain portfolio companies of Apollo funds and Athora, a strategic liabilities platform that acquires or reinsures blocks of insurance business in the German and broader European life insurance market (collectively, the Athora Accounts ). As of December 31, 2025, Apollo, through its subsidiaries, managed or advised $57.2 billion of AUM and $55.2 billion of Fee-Generating AUM in Athora Accounts. See note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for details regarding the fee arrangements between the Company and Athora. Athora Non-Sub-Advised Assets This category includes the Athora assets that Apollo manages but are not sub-advised by Apollo nor invested in Apollo funds or investment vehicles. We refer to these assets collectively as Athora Non-Sub-Advised Assets. Our AUM within the Athora Non-Sub-Advised category totaled $34.7 billion as of December 31, 2025, of which $32.3 billion was Fee-Generating AUM. Origination Apollo s integrated approach to origination is designed to provide scaled, long-term capital across market cycles. Our origination capabilities span asset classes, geographies, and multiple levels of the capital structure enabling us to structure solutions to our clients, including the funds we manage, Athene and third parties. We originate assets through multiple channels including core credit, origination platforms, high grade capital solutions, and hybrid and equity strategies. For the year ended December 31, 2025, origination volumes were $309 billion, of which core credit and origination platforms represented approximately 45% and 40%, respectively, of total origination volumes. Core credit origination at Apollo primarily consists of directly originated, predominantly investment-grade assets, including corporate lending and asset-backed finance. We also generate assets through a diversified ecosystem of 16 origination platforms across corporate credit, asset-backed finance, real estate, infrastructure and other private market asset classes. Our origination activities are primarily focused on investment-grade and high-quality credit exposures, with transactions evaluated and structured using Apollo s disciplined underwriting and risk management frameworks. 15 Table of Contents Origination supports our asset management and retirement services businesses primarily by facilitating capital deployment and portfolio construction. In our asset management business, origination enhances our ability to source assets in line with targeted returns. In our retirement services business, origination supports the creation of assets aligned with the long-duration liabilities. These integrated capabilities allow Apollo to provide flexible, bespoke capital solutions to support evolving financing needs across a range of capital formation clients. Capital Solutions Our capital solutions business focuses on (i) sourcing investment opportunities for asset management clients and their respective portfolio investments, (ii) maintaining relationships with the capital markets community in an effort to help clients and their respective portfolio investments to raise debt and equity capital, provide secondary market support and optimize capital structures through creative financing solutions, and (iii) structuring capital solutions in an effort to enhance our ability to syndicate, place, trade or otherwise transfer loans, securities and other financial instruments arising from financings in an effort to drive positive outcomes for our asset management clients and their respective portfolio investments. Our capital solutions business also provides a variety of services with respect to both security and non-security financial instruments, including loans, such as originating, arranging, structuring, syndicating and trading loans and private debt, as well as providing corporate finance advisory services and other similar services. Capital Formation Capital formation serves as the foundation to our asset management and retirement services businesses and origination activities. Within our asset management business, over the last 35 years, our capital formation has historically been focused on serving institutional investors through their respective alternatives portfolio allocation. Over time, our capabilities have expanded to address new sources of demand through discrete pools of capital, each encapsulating specific investment objectives, liquidity and other considerations. Capital formation aligns origination and structuring capabilities to support credit and equity investment opportunities for a diverse range of buyers. We view the capital formation opportunity across the following discrete buyer pools: Institutional investors (alternative allocation) In addition, we are increasingly focused on expanding to: Institutional investors (fixed income and equity replacement) Individuals Insurance (Athene and third-party clients) Traditional asset managers Defined contribution / 401(k) Across these pools of capital, we raise, allocate and manage capital across a range of structures, including closed-end funds, open-ended and evergreen vehicles, perpetual capital vehicles, publicly listed entities, insurance and retirement solutions and separately managed accounts. Capital deployment requirements may vary by vehicle structure. For closed-end funds we manage, investors generally provide capital through capital calls once investment opportunities are identified. Open-ended and evergreen vehicles we manage typically accept subscriptions and process redemptions in accordance with their respective governing documents. Perpetual capital vehicles, which represent nearly 60% of total AUM and over 70% of total fee-generating AUM, are highly scalable with the ability to deploy capital on an ongoing basis. We source capital from a diverse base that includes public and private pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, endowments and foundations, insurance companies, private wealth platforms, family offices, high net worth individuals, other institutional investors, as well as public market investors through certain perpetual capital vehicles. A significant portion of capital raised across our closed-ended strategies has historically come from existing investors. We maintain a centralized and rigorous investment governance framework that applies across our capital base. This framework includes processes for sourcing and evaluating investment opportunities, conducting due diligence, structuring and negotiating transactions, monitoring portfolio positions and managing investment exits. We have established allocation policies and governance mechanisms designed to allocate investment opportunities among funds, vehicles and managed accounts in a 16 Table of Contents manner consistent with applicable governing documents and investment objectives. Investment committees for the relevant funds, vehicles or accounts we manage review and approve investment decisions. Our investment professionals are responsible for the end-to-end investment process and, where applicable, may commit capital alongside investors. We seek to align our economic interests with those of investors through investment terms, co-investment and governance arrangements. The design and management of each pool of capital reflects its investor base, regulatory constraints, liquidity profile and the investment strategy. Within our retirement services business, capital formation is driven by the origination of long-duration, regulated capital aligned with liability profiles, liquidity characteristics and regulatory capital requirements. Athene generates recurring premium inflows through the issuance of retirement and savings products designed to reflect their long-term nature, regulatory requirements and targeted risk and return objectives. These activities are supported by Apollo s origination, structuring and investment capabilities. To support growth, flexibility and capital deployment at scale, Athene supplements its capital with dedicated, long-duration third-party capital through ACRA. Capital deployment across Athene s balance sheet and third-party capital vehicles is subject to Athene s internal capital models, regulatory requirements and transaction approval processes, and is governed under a centralized framework intended to align policyholder interests and third-party investor capital with Athene and Apollo s investment discipline. General Partner and Professionals Investments and Co-Investments General Partner Investments Certain management companies, general partners and co-invest vehicles are committed to contribute to the funds we manage and their affiliates. As a limited partner, general partner and manager of the Apollo funds, Apollo had unfunded capital commitments as of December 31, 2025 of $553 million. Professionals Investments To further align our interests with those of investors in the funds we manage, certain of our professionals have invested their own capital in the funds. Our professionals will either re-invest their performance fees to fund these investments or use cash on hand or funds borrowed from third parties. We generally have not historically charged management fees or performance fees on capital invested by our professionals directly in the funds. Co-Investments Investors in many of the funds we manage, as well as certain other investors, may have the opportunity to make co-investments with the funds. Co-investments are investments in portfolio companies or other fund assets generally on the same terms and conditions as those to which the applicable fund is subject. Retirement Services Our retirement services business is conducted by Athene, a leading financial services company that specializes in issuing, reinsuring and acquiring retirement savings products designed for the increasing number of individuals and institutions seeking to fund retirement needs. Athene is led by a highly skilled management team with extensive industry experience and has its corporate headquarters located in West Des Moines, Iowa. Our asset management business provides a full suite of services for Athene s investment portfolio, including direct investment management, asset allocation, mergers and acquisitions asset diligence, and certain operational support services including investment compliance, tax, legal and risk management support. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 2,010 employees supported our Retirement Services segment. Our retirement services business focuses on generating spread income by combining the two core competencies of (1) sourcing long-term, persistent liabilities and (2) using the global scale and reach of our asset management business to actively source or originate assets with Athene s preferred risk and return characteristics. Athene s investment philosophy is to invest a portion of its assets in securities that earn an incremental yield by taking measured liquidity and complexity risk and capitalize on its long-dated, persistent liability profile to prudently achieve higher net investment earned rates, rather than assuming incremental credit risk. A cornerstone of Athene s investment philosophy is that given the operating leverage inherent in its business, 17 Table of Contents modest investment outperformance can translate to outsized return performance. Because Athene maintains discipline in underwriting attractively priced liabilities, it has the ability to invest in a broad range of high-quality assets to generate attractive earnings. Our asset management expertise supports the sourcing and underwriting of assets for Athene s portfolio. Athene is invested in a diverse array of primarily high-grade fixed income assets including corporate bonds, structured securities, and commercial and residential real estate loans, among others. Athene establishes risk thresholds which in turn define risk tolerance across a wide range of factors, including credit risk, liquidity risk, concentration risk and caps on specific asset classes. In addition to other efforts, Athene manages the risk of rising interest rates by strategically allocating a meaningful portion of its investment portfolio into floating rate securities. Athene manages its interest rate risk in a declining rate environment through hedging activity or the issuance of additional floating rate liabilities to lower its overall net floating rate position. Athene also maintains holdings in less interest rate-sensitive investments, including CLOs, non-agency RMBS and various types of structured products, consistent with its strategy of pursuing incremental yield by assuming liquidity and complexity risk, rather than assuming incremental credit risk. Rather than increase its allocation to higher risk securities to increase yield, Athene pursues the direct origination of high-quality, predominantly senior secured assets, which it believes possess greater alpha-generating qualities than securities that would otherwise be readily available in public markets. These direct origination strategies include investments sourced by (1) affiliated platforms that originate loans to third parties and in which Athene gains exposure directly to the loan or indirectly through its ownership of the origination platform and/or securitizations of assets originated by the origination platform, and (2) our asset management team s extensive network of direct relationships with predominantly investment-grade counterparties. Athene uses, and may continue to use, derivatives, including swaps, options, futures and forward contracts, and reinsurance contracts, to hedge risks such as current or future changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities, current or future changes in cash flows and changes in interest rates, equity markets, currency fluctuations and longevity. Products Athene principally offers two product lines: annuities and funding agreements. Annuities Athene s primary product line is annuities, which include fixed rate, indexed, payout and group annuities issued in connection with pension group annuity transactions and defined contribution plans. Fixed Rate Annuities. Fixed rate annuities include annual reset annuities and multi-year guarantee annuities ( MYGA ). Fixed rate annuities earn interest at a set rate (or declared crediting rate), rather than at a rate that may vary based on an index. Fixed rate annual reset annuities have a crediting rate that is typically guaranteed for one year. After such period, Athene has the ability to change the crediting rate at its discretion, generally once annually, to any rate at or above a guaranteed minimum rate. MYGAs are similar to annual reset annuities except that the initial crediting rate is guaranteed for a specified number of years, rather than just one year, before it may be changed at Athene s discretion. After the initial crediting period, MYGAs can generally be reset annually. Fixed Indexed Annuities. FIAs are the largest percentage of Athene s net reserve liabilities. FIAs are a type of insurance contract in which the policyholder makes one or more premium deposits that earn interest, on a tax deferred basis, at a crediting rate based on a specified market index, subject to a contractually specified cap, spread or participation rate. FIAs allow policyholders the possibility of earning interest without significant risk to principal, unless the contract is surrendered during a surrender charge period. A market index tracks the performance of a specific group of stocks or other assets representing a particular segment of the market, or in some cases, an entire market. Athene generally buys options on the indices to which the FIAs are tied to hedge the associated market risk. The cost of the option is priced into the overall economics of the product as an option budget. Registered Index-Linked Annuities ( RILAs ). RILAs are similar to FIAs in offering the policyholder the opportunity for tax-deferred growth based in part on the performance of a market index. Compared to an FIA, RILAs have the potential for higher returns but also have the potential for risk of loss to principal and related earnings. RILAs provide the ability for the policyholder to participate in the positive performance of certain market indices during a term, limited by a contractually specified cap or adjusted for a contractually specified participation rate. Negative performance of the market indices during a 18 Table of Contents term can result in negative policyholder returns, with contractually specified downside protection typically provided in the form of either a buffer or a floor to limit the policyholder s exposure to market loss. A buffer is protection from negative exposure up to a certain percentage, such as 10 or 20 percent. A floor is protection from negative exposure less than a stated percentage (i.e., the policyholder risks exposure of loss up to the floor, but is protected against any loss in excess of this amount). Payout Annuities. Payout annuities primarily consist of single premium immediate annuities ( SPIA ), supplemental contracts and structured settlements. Payout annuities provide a series of periodic payments for a fixed period of time or for the life of the policyholder, based upon the policyholder s election at the time of issuance. The amounts, frequency and length of time of the payments are fixed at the outset of the annuity contract. SPIAs are often purchased by persons at or near retirement age who desire a steady stream of payments over a future period of years. Supplemental contracts are typically created upon the conversion of a death claim or the annuitization of a deferred annuity. Structured settlements generally relate to legal settlements. Athene generates income on fixed rate, indexed and payout annuity products by earning an investment spread, based on the difference between (1) income earned on the investments supporting the liabilities and (2) the cost of funds, including fixed interest credited to customers, option costs on indexed products, the cost of providing guarantees (net of rider fees) and policy issuance, maintenance and distribution costs. Private Placement Variable Annuities ( PPVA ). PPVAs are not registered with the SEC and currently are only offered by private placement to purchasers meeting the requirements as a qualified purchaser and/or an accredited investor under applicable federal securities laws. Variable annuities allow policyholders to participate directly in the investment experience of the underlying investment vehicles offered through the product. In a variable annuity, the policyholder assumes the full investment risk of the investment options chosen. The product allows the policyholder to allocate their money to a variety of variable separate account divisions that invest in a suite of underlying investment options and the potential to accumulate cash value on a tax-deferred basis. Athene s PPVA products provide access to a suite of Apollo managed funds and other product offerings with no surrender charges and no GLWB or GMDB features. Athene generates income on its PPVA products by collecting a fee that is a function of the policyholder s account value. Income Riders to Fixed Annuity Products. The income riders on Athene s deferred annuities can be broadly categorized as either guaranteed or participating. Guaranteed income riders provide policyholders with a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit, which permits policyholders to elect to receive guaranteed payments for life from their contract without having to annuitize their policies. Participating income riders tend to have lower levels of guaranteed income than guaranteed income riders but provide policyholders the opportunity to receive greater levels of income if the policies indexed crediting strategies perform well. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 24% of Athene s deferred annuity account value contained rider benefits. Withdrawal Options for Deferred Annuities . After the first year following the issuance of a deferred annuity, the policyholder is typically permitted to make withdrawals up to 5% or 10% (depending on the contract) of the prior year s value without a surrender charge or market value adjustment ( MVA ), subject to certain limitations. Withdrawals in excess of the allowable amounts are assessed a surrender charge and MVA if such withdrawals are made during the surrender charge period of the policy, which generally ranges from 3 to 20 years. The surrender charge for most Athene products at contract inception is generally between 7% and 15% of the contract value and typically decreases by approximately half a percentage point to one percentage point per year during the surrender charge period. The weighted average base surrender charge (excluding the impact of MVAs) was 6% for Athene s deferred annuities as of December 31, 2025. At maturity, the policyholder may elect to receive proceeds in the form of a single payment or an annuity. If the annuity option is selected, the policyholder will receive a series of payments over the policyholder s lifetime or over a fixed number of years, depending upon the terms of the contract. Some contracts permit annuitization prior to maturity. Group Annuities . Group annuities issued in connection with pension group annuity transactions usually involve a single premium group annuity contract issued to discharge certain pension plan liabilities. The group annuities that Athene issues are nonparticipating contracts. The assets supporting the guaranteed benefits for each contract may be held in a separate account. Group annuity benefits may be purchased for current, retired and/or terminated employees and their beneficiaries covered under terminating or continuing pension plans. Both immediate and deferred annuity certificates may be issued pursuant to a single group annuity contract. Immediate annuity certificates cover those retirees and beneficiaries currently receiving payments, whereas deferred annuity certificates cover those participants who have not yet begun receiving benefit payments. Immediate 19 Table of Contents annuity certificates have no cash surrender rights, whereas deferred annuity certificates may include an election to receive a lump sum payment, exercisable by the participant upon either the participant achieving a specified age or the occurrence of a specified event, such as termination of the participant s employment. Athene earns income on group annuities based upon the spread between the return on the assets received in connection with the pension group annuity transaction and the cost of the pension obligations assumed. Group annuities expose Athene to longevity risk, which would be realized if plan participants live longer than assumed in underwriting the transaction, resulting in aggregate payments that exceed Athene s expectations. However, Athene s conservative underwriting process makes use of a wealth of reliable pre- and post-selection participant data, including mortality experience data, particularly for mid- to large-sized transactions, to mitigate this risk. To better position Athene to expand distribution of annuities to defined contribution plans, it acquired Advantage Retirement Solutions, which was rebranded to Vitera, and made enhancements to its annuity offering with Vitera in 2025. Group fixed indexed annuities are issued as part of Vitera s guaranteed lifetime income solution for defined contribution plans. This involves the use of a target date fund, which can serve as a defined contribution plan s qualified default investment alternative. The target date fund provides guaranteed lifetime income by purchasing group fixed indexed annuities with guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefits that Athene issues to the target date fund. The fixed indexed annuities are an asset class within the target date fund s asset allocation. The allocation to fixed indexed annuities begins, on average, at age 47 for each vintage of the target date fund and gradually increases with incremental purchases of group fixed indexed annuities to provide a pre-defined level of guaranteed income starting at age 65. Athene generates income on group fixed indexed annuity products distributed to defined contribution target date funds in a similar manner to its fixed indexed annuities sold through the retail distribution channel. Specifically, Athene earns an investment spread, based on the difference between (1) income earned on the investments supporting the liabilities and (2) the cost of funds, including option costs, the cost of providing guarantees and institutional policy issuance, maintenance and distribution costs. Funding Agreements Funding agreements include those issued to institutions via direct issuances, those issued to the Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) and those issued to special-purpose unaffiliated trusts in connection with Athene s FABN and FABR programs. Funding agreements are issued opportunistically to institutional investors at attractive risk-adjusted funding costs. They are designed to provide an agreement holder with a guaranteed return of principal and periodic interest payments, while offering competitive yields and predictable returns. The interest rate can be fixed or floating. Athene also includes repurchase agreements with a term that exceeds one year at the time of execution within the funding agreement product category. Life and Other Life and other products include life insurance policies assumed through reinsurance transactions, guaranteed investment contracts issued in connection with defined contribution plans, other retail products, including legacy run-off or ceded business, and statutory closed blocks. Guaranteed investment contracts are designed similar to funding agreements, where the contract holder is guaranteed a return of principal plus interest. Distribution Channels Athene has developed four dedicated distribution channels to address the retirement services market: retail, flow reinsurance, institutional, and acquisitions and block reinsurance, which support opportunistic origination across different market environments. Additionally, Athene believes these distribution channels enable it to achieve stable asset growth while maintaining attractive returns. Retail Athene has built a scalable platform that allows it to originate and rapidly grow its business in deferred annuity products. Athene has developed a suite of retirement savings products, distributed through its network of 41 independent marketing organizations ( IMOs ), 18 banks and 163 broker-dealers, collectively representing approximately 152,000 independent agents 20 Table of Contents in all 50 states. Additionally, Athene distributes structured settlements through its network of specialized structured settlement annuity brokers. Athene is focused in every aspect of its retail channel on providing high quality products and service to its policyholders and maintaining appropriate financial protection over the life of their policies. Flow Reinsurance Flow reinsurance provides another channel for Athene to source liabilities with attractive crediting rates and offers insurance companies the opportunity to improve their product offerings and enhance their financial results. As in the retail channel, Athene does not pursue flow volume growth at the expense of profitability and will respond rapidly to adjust pricing for changes in asset yields. Reinsurance is an arrangement under which an insurance company, the reinsurer, agrees to indemnify another insurance company, the ceding company or cedant, for all or a portion of certain insurance risks underwritten by the ceding company. Reinsurance is designed to (1) reduce the net amount at risk on individual risks, thereby enabling the ceding company to increase the volume of business it can underwrite, as well as increase the maximum risk it can underwrite on a single risk, (2) stabilize operating results by reducing volatility in the ceding company s loss experience, (3) assist the ceding company in meeting applicable regulatory requirements and (4) enhance the ceding company s financial strength and surplus position. Within its flow reinsurance channel, Athene conducts third-party flow reinsurance transactions through its insurance subsidiaries. Flow reinsurance also includes recurring premium from block reinsurance transactions. As a reinsurer, Athene partners with insurance companies to develop solutions to their capital requirements, enhance their presence in the retirement market and improve their financial results. Athene targets reinsuring spread-based liabilities which can include FIAs, MYGAs, traditional one-year guarantee fixed deferred annuities, immediate annuities, whole life insurance, universal life insurance, indexed universal life insurance and institutional products. Institutional Athene s institutional channel includes funding agreements, guaranteed investment contracts, pension group annuity transactions and group fixed indexed annuities issued in connection with defined contribution plans. Funding Agreements . Funding agreements are comprised of funding agreements issued under Athene s FABN program, secured and other funding agreements, which include Athene s FABR program and direct funding agreements, funding agreements issued to the FHLB and long-term repurchase agreements. Athene s FABN program allows its special-purpose, unaffiliated statutory trust to offer its senior secured medium-term notes. The notes are underwritten and marketed by major investment banks broker-dealer operations and are sold to institutional investors. The net proceeds from each sale are used to purchase one or more funding agreements from Athene subsidiaries with matching interest and maturity payment terms. Athene also established a secured FABR program in which a special-purpose, unaffiliated entity enters into a repurchase agreement with a bank and the proceeds of the repurchase agreement are used by the special-purpose entity to purchase funding agreements from Athene subsidiaries. In addition to the funding agreements issued to special-purpose unaffiliated trusts or other unaffiliated entities, Athene engages in direct issuances with various institutions. Athene is also a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines and, through membership, has issued funding agreements to the FHLB in exchange for cash advances. Athene is required to provide collateral in excess of the funding agreement amounts outstanding, considering any discounts to the securities posted and prepayment penalties. Long-term repurchase agreements with a term that exceeds one year at the time of execution are also included within the funding agreement product category. Guaranteed Investment Contracts. Guaranteed investment contracts are marketed to stable value fund managers to support stable value investment options within defined contribution plans. Pension Group Annuities. Athene partners with institutions seeking to transfer and thereby reduce their obligation to pay future pension benefits to retirees and deferred participants through pension group annuities. Athene works with advisors, brokers and consultants to source pension group annuity transactions and design solutions that meet the needs of prospective pension group annuity counterparties and their participants, with a focus on medium- and large-sized deals involving retirees and/or deferred participants that are structured as either a buyout or a buy-in transaction. Group Fixed Indexed Annuities. Group fixed indexed annuities are issued as part of Vitera s guaranteed lifetime income solution through a target date fund within defined contribution plans. The defined contribution market involves several stakeholders, including asset managers and plan record-keepers. Vitera partners with select asset managers and plan record- 21 Table of Contents keepers to market the guaranteed lifetime income target date fund to institutions that sponsor defined contribution plans to have these institutions add the guaranteed lifetime income target fund to their fund offering with a particular focus in having the target date fund deemed as the qualified default investment alternative. Vitera also has direct outreach efforts to larger institutions to market the product. Acquisitions and Block Reinsurance Acquisitions . Acquisitions are a complementary source of growth for our retirement services business. Athene has a proven ability to acquire businesses in complex transactions at favorable terms, manage the liabilities acquired and reinvest the associated assets. Block Reinsurance . Through block reinsurance transactions, Athene partners with life and annuity companies to decrease their exposure to one or more products or to divest of lower-margin or non-core segments of their businesses. Unlike acquisitions in which Athene acquires the assets or stock of a target company, block reinsurance allows Athene to contractually assume assets and liabilities associated with a certain book of business. In doing so, Athene contractually assumes responsibility for only that portion of the business that it deems desirable, without assuming additional liabilities. As Athene continues to expand into new markets and geographies, it has been disciplined in only retaining liabilities that are core to its strategy and competitive advantages. This can be accomplished through structural solutions, including mortality and longevity reinsurance. Capital Athene believes it has a strong capital position and is well positioned to meet policyholder and other obligations. Athene measures capital sufficiency using various internal capital metrics which reflect management s view on the various risks inherent to its business, the amount of capital required to support its core operating strategies and the amount of capital necessary to maintain its current ratings in a recessionary environment. The amount of capital required to support Athene s core operating strategies is determined based upon internal modeling and analysis of economic risk, as well as inputs from rating agency capital models and consideration of both NAIC risk-based capital ( RBC ) and Bermuda capital requirements. Capital in excess of this required amount is considered excess equity capital, which is available to deploy. Deployable Capital Athene s deployable capital is comprised of capital from three sources: excess equity capital, untapped leverage capacity and available undrawn capital commitments from ACRA. As of December 31, 2025, Athene estimates that it had approximately $8.6 billion in capital available to deploy, consisting of approximately $3.2 billion in excess equity capital, $2.6 billion in untapped leverage capacity (assuming an adjusted leverage ratio of not more than 30%, subject to maintaining a sufficient level of capital required to maintain Athene s desired financial strength ratings from rating agencies), and $2.8 billion in available undrawn capital at ACRA. ACRA To support growth strategies and capital deployment opportunities, Athene established ACRA 1 as a long-duration, on-demand capital vehicle. Athene directly owns 37% of the economic interests in ACRA 1 and all of ACRA 1 s voting interests, with ADIP I owning the remaining 63% of the economic interests. During the commitment period, ACRA 1 participated in certain transactions by drawing a portion of the required capital for such transactions from third-party investors equal to ADIP I s proportionate economic interests in ACRA 1. The commitment period for ACRA 1 expired in August 2023. To further support its growth and capital deployment opportunities following the deployment of capital by ACRA 1, Athene funded ACRA 2 in December 2022 as another long-duration, on-demand capital vehicle. Athene directly owns 37% of the economic interests in ACRA 2 and all of ACRA 2 s voting interests, with ADIP II owning the remaining 63% of the economic interests. ACRA 2 participates in certain transactions by drawing a portion of the required capital for such transactions from third-party investors equal to ADIP II s proportionate economic interests in ACRA 2. These strategic capital solutions are designed to provide Athene the flexibility to simultaneously deploy capital across multiple accretive avenues and sustain a profitable growth strategy at scale in a capital efficient manner, while maintaining a strong financial position. 22 Table of Contents Uses of Capital Athene s capital deployment includes the payment for a business opportunity, such as the payment of a ceding commission to enter into a block reinsurance transaction, and the retention of capital based on Athene s internal capital model. Currently, Athene deploys capital in four primary ways: (1) supporting organic growth, (2) supporting inorganic growth, (3) making dividend payments to AGM, and (4) retaining capital to support financial strength ratings upgrades. Athene generally seeks mid-teen or higher returns on its capital deployment. Reinsurance Internal Ceded Reinsurance Subject to quota shares generally ranging from 80% to 100%, substantially all of the existing deposits held and new deposits generated by Athene s U.S. insurance subsidiaries are reinsured to its Bermuda reinsurance subsidiaries. Athene maintains the same reserving principles for its Bermuda reinsurance subsidiaries as it does for its U.S. insurance subsidiaries. Athene also retrocedes certain organic and inorganic business to ACRA. Athene s internal reinsurance structure provides it with several strategic and operational advantages, including the aggregation of regulatory capital, which makes the aggregate capital of its Bermuda reinsurance subsidiaries available to support the risks assumed by each entity, and enhanced operating efficiencies. As a result of its internal reinsurance structure and third-party direct to Bermuda business, a significant majority of Athene s aggregate capital is held by its Bermuda reinsurance subsidiaries. Third-Party Ceded Reinsurance In addition, from time to time, Athene may opportunistically cede certain of its business from its U.S. insurance subsidiaries, or Bermuda reinsurance subsidiaries, to third party reinsurers, to generate capital and/or limit exposure to certain risks. Ratings As of December 31, 2025, each of Athene s significant insurance subsidiaries is rated A+ or A1 by the four rating agencies that evaluate the financial strength of such subsidiaries. To achieve its financial strength ratings aspirations, Athene may choose to retain additional capital above the level required by the rating agencies to support operating needs. Athene believes there are numerous benefits to achieving stronger ratings over time, including increased recognition of and confidence in its financial strength by prospective business partners, particularly within product distribution, as well as potential profitability improvements in certain organic channels through lower funding costs. Financial strength and credit ratings directly affect Athene s ability to access funding and the related cost of borrowing, the attractiveness of certain Athene products to customers, its attractiveness as a reinsurer to potential ceding companies and the requirements for collateral posting on its derivatives. These ratings are periodically reviewed by the rating agencies. Credit ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding an entity s ability to repay its indebtedness. Financial strength ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding the financial ability of an insurer or reinsurer to meet its obligations under an insurance policy or reinsurance arrangement and generally involve quantitative and qualitative evaluations by rating agencies of a company s financial condition and operating performance. Generally, rating agencies base their financial strength ratings upon information furnished to them by the respective company and upon their own investigations, studies and assumptions. Financial strength ratings are based upon factors of concern to policyholders, agents, intermediaries and ceding companies and are not directed toward the protection of investors. Credit and financial strength ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold securities and they may be revised or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of the rating organization. Principal Investing Our Principal Investing segment is comprised of our realized performance fee income, realized investment income earned from our balance sheet investments, and certain allocable expenses related to corporate functions supporting the entire company. The Principal Investing segment also includes our growth capital and liquidity resources at AGM. Over time, we may deploy capital into strategic investments that help accelerate the growth of our Asset Management segment, by broadening our investment management and/or product distribution capabilities or increasing the scalability and/or efficiency of our existing operations. We believe these investments may translate into greater compounded annual growth of Fee Related Earnings. 23 Table of Contents Given the cyclic