=== HD_2026-04-07.htm.gz ===
hd-20260406 FALSE 0000354950 DEF 14A iso4217:USD 0000354950 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 hd:CraigAMenearMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 hd:CraigAMenearMember 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember 2023-01-30 2024-01-28 0000354950 hd:CraigAMenearMember 2023-01-30 2024-01-28 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-01-30 2024-01-28 0000354950 2023-01-30 2024-01-28 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember 2022-01-31 2023-01-29 0000354950 hd:CraigAMenearMember 2022-01-31 2023-01-29 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-01-31 2023-01-29 0000354950 2022-01-31 2023-01-29 0000354950 hd:CraigAMenearMember 2021-02-01 2022-01-30 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2021-02-01 2022-01-30 0000354950 2021-02-01 2022-01-30 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember hd:StockAndOptionAwardsMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember hd:EquityAwardAdjustmentsMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember hd:YearEndFairValueOfUnvestedEquityAwardsGrantedInTheYearMember 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember hd:YearOverYearChangeInFairValueOfOutstandingAndUnvestedAwardsMember 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember hd:FairValueAsOfVestingDateOfEquityAwardsGrantedAndVestedInTheYearMember 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember hd:YearOverYearChangeInFairValueOfEquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsVestedInTheYearMember 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember hd:FairValueAtEndOfPriorYearOfEquityAwardsThatFailedToMeetVestingConditionsInTheYearMember 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember hd:ValueOfDividendsOrOtherEarningsPaidOnStockOrOptionAwardsNotOtherwiseReflectedMember 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 hd:TedDeckerMember hd:EquityAwardAdjustmentsMember 2024-01-29 2025-02-02 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember hd:AverageReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember hd:AverageEquityAwardAdjustmentsMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember hd:AverageYearEndFairValueOfUnvestedEquityAwardsGrantedInTheYearMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember hd:YearOverYearAverageChangeInFairValueOfOutstandingAndUnvestedEquityAwardsMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember hd:AverageFairValueAsOfVestingDateOfEquityAwardsGrantedAndVestedInTheYearMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember hd:YearOverYearChangeInFairValueOfEquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsVestedInTheYearMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember hd:AverageFairValueAtTheEndOfPriorYearOfEquityAwardsThatFailedToMeetVestingConditionsInTheYearMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 0000354950 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember hd:AverageValueOfDividendsOrOtherEarningsPaidOnStockOrOptionAwardsNotOtherwiseReflectedInFairValueOrTotalCompensationMember 2025-02-03 2026-02-01 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 THE HOME DEPOT, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if the other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 T HE H OME D EPOT N OTICE OF 2026 A NNUAL M EETING OF S HAREHOLDERS AND P ROXY S TATEMENT Thursday, May 21, 2026 Virtual meeting at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2026 Table of Contents I NVESTOR F ACTSHEET Strategy We aim to deliver shareholder value and grow our market share by driving our core and culture, providing a best-in-class interconnected experience for our customers, and growing our sales to Pros through our unique ecosystem of capabilities. We are continuously investing to enhance our online, in-store, and fulfillment experience, which includes investing in our associates and developing differentiated capabilities for our customers, as well as making other strategic investments in the business. In addition, we strive to provide unique and comprehensive product offerings, continued product innovation, and exceptional convenience and value, ensuring that we remain the product authority in home improvement. Capital Allocation Principles We seek to deliver on our objective to create shareholder value through our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our capital allocation principles are as follows: First, we intend to reinvest in our business to drive growth faster than the market. Second, after reinvesting in the business, we look to pay a quarterly dividend. Third, after reinvesting in our business and paying our dividend, we intend to return excess cash to our shareholders through share repurchases. In Fiscal 2025, we invested $3.7 billion in capital expenditures across initiatives supporting our strategy of driving our core, including building new stores and maintaining existing stores, delivering a frictionless, interconnected experience, and winning with Pros. In Fiscal 2025, we returned $9.2 billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividends following a 2.2% increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $2.25 per share to $2.30 per share. SRS also acquired GMS to accelerate the vision of becoming a leading, multi-category building materials distributor. Our net earnings in Fiscal 2025 were $14.2 billion. Fiscal 2025 Key Financial Performance Metrics (1) Sales Operating Income ROIC (2) $164.7 billion $20.9 billion 25.7% Compared to $159.5 billion in Fiscal 2024 Compared to $21.5 billion in Fiscal 2024 Compared to 31.3% in Fiscal 2024 (1) Fiscal 2025 included 52 weeks, compared to 53 weeks in Fiscal 2024. (2) ROIC is a non-GAAP profitability measure. For a reconciliation of net operating profit after tax to net earnings, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, and our calculation of ROIC, refer to Appendix A . Table of Contents D EAR F ELLOW S HAREHOLDERS: Since the Home Depot s founding nearly 50 years ago, we have built distinct competitive advantages: our brand, excellent customer service, product authority in home improvement, unmatched scale, premier real estate portfolio, digital and interconnected experience, supply chain network, deep relationships with our Pros, including through acquisitions that have expanded our service offerings, and of course, our associates and culture. Today, those competitive advantages offer the means to execute on our strategy to continue to drive our core and culture, to deliver a frictionless interconnected experience, and to win with Pros. Our Board remains focused on leading with our values and overseeing the execution of our strategy to grow our business in the face of macroeconomic challenges and continuing consumer uncertainty. Taking Care of Our People. Our associates drive the experience our customers expect, and taking care of our people is foundational to our strategy. Over the years, we have invested in wages and benefits to ensure that we attract and retain the best talent in retail. In Fiscal 2025, we made a significant investment in our people by increasing equity awards to our field leadership, including store managers and assistant store managers. In addition to offering competitive pay and benefits, we provide our associates with training, tools, and optimized processes to empower them to drive sales and with meaningful career advancement opportunities. In fact, more than 90% of our U.S. store leaders began as hourly associates. Our Board receives regular updates on the Company s ongoing efforts to create an environment that attracts and retains the best associates. Our associates engagement enables us to provide the best customer experience in home improvement, and we are inspired by their example every day. Excellent Customer Service and Entrepreneurial Spirit. Investing in our business to drive growth has been a key component of our strategy and capital allocation principles for years. In addition to making investments to improve our customers experience both in stores and online, we have continued to invest in opening new stores in areas that have experienced significant population growth or where market voids exist. In Fiscal 2025, we also continued to invest in strategic acquisitions and process and technology enhancements designed to accelerate our growth with Pros. Creating Shareholder Value. Underpinning all of our actions is a long-term commitment to our shareholders, which is embodied in our business investment and capital allocation principles. In Fiscal 2025, we returned $9.2 billion to our shareholders through dividends, which we have paid for 156 consecutive quarters. Our five-year total shareholder return, or TSR, was 56.3% . We continue to focus on disciplined capital allocation, positioning us to grow the business as we create additional long-term value for our shareholders. Please join us for our virtual 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Thursday, May 21, 2026. The enclosed Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement provides information about the Meeting, including the matters on which you will be asked to vote. Thank you for your support of The Home Depot. Sincerely, Edward P. Decker Gregory D. Brenneman Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer Independent Lead Director [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] Table of Contents T HE H OME D EPOT , I NC . N OTICE OF 2026 A NNUAL M EETING OF S HAREHOLDERS DATE: Thursday, May 21, 2026 TIME: 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time PLACE: This year s Meeting will be held virtually via a live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2026. ITEMS OF BUSINESS: (1) To elect the 12 persons named in the accompanying Proxy Statement as directors of the Company for terms expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders; (2) To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2027; (3) To cast an advisory vote to approve executive compensation as set forth in this Proxy Statement ( Say-on-Pay ); (4) To approve the adoption of an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to add officer exculpation; (5) To approve the implementation of miscellaneous amendments to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation; (6) To act on seven shareholder proposals described in the Proxy Statement, if properly presented at the Meeting; and (7) To transact any other business properly brought before the Meeting. WHO MAY VOTE: Shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 23, 2026 are entitled to vote. ANNUAL MEETING MATERIALS: A copy of this Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report are available on our Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under Financial Reports. DATE OF MAILING: A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or this Proxy Statement is first being sent to shareholders on or about April 7, 2026. This Proxy Statement contains important information, including a description of the business that will be acted upon at the Meeting. Attending the Virtual Meeting: Shareholders may attend the Meeting online, vote their shares electronically, and submit questions during the Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2026 and entering the 16-digit control number included in their proxy card, the Notice of Internet Availability, or the voting information form provided by their bank or broker. Online access to the Meeting will begin at approximately 8:45 a.m., Eastern Time. If you encounter difficulties accessing the virtual Meeting, please call the technical support number that will be posted at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2026. Prior to the Meeting, shareholders can submit their proxies to have their shares voted at www.proxyvote.com using their 16-digit control number or by the other methods described in this Proxy Statement. Shareholders may also submit questions in advance of the Meeting via www.proxyvote.com. For more information about our virtual Meeting, please see About the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders beginning on page 97 of this Proxy Statement . By Order of the Board of Directors, Teresa Wynn Roseborough Corporate Secretary [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] T ABLE OF C ONTENTS THE HOME DEPOT 2026 PROXY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS iii CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 1 Board of Directors 1 Board Leadership 1 Attendance at Board, Committee and Annual Shareholder Meetings 1 Committees of the Board of Directors 2 Company Culture: Doing the Right Thing 4 Board Role in Strategic Planning 4 Board Oversight of Risk 5 Oversight of Sustainability and Human Capital Management 8 Shareholder Outreach and Engagement 9 Governance Best Practices 9 Director Independence 12 Related Person Transactions 12 Selecting Nominees to the Board of Directors 13 Director Candidates Recommended by Shareholders 14 Communicating with the Board 14 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 15 Director Criteria and Qualifications 15 Board Composition and Refreshment 15 2026 Director Nominees 17 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF KPMG LLP FOR FISCAL 2026 26 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 27 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S FEES 28 Audit and Other Fees 28 Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 28 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ( SAY-ON-PAY ) 29 APPROVE THE ADOPTION OF AN AMENDMENT TO THE CHARTER TO PROVIDE FOR OFFICER EXCULPATION 30 APPROVE THE IMPLEMENTATION OF MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS TO THE CHARTER 32 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS AND OPPOSITION STATEMENTS 34 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 54 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 54 Summary Compensation Table 70 Material Terms of NEO Employment Arrangements 72 Fiscal 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 73 Terms of Plan-Based Awards Granted to NEOs for Fiscal 2025 75 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 77 Options Exercised and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2025 79 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal 2025 80 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 81 LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 85 Pay Versus Performance 86 CEO Pay Ratio 89 Equity Compensation Plan Information 91 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 92 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK 95 ABOUT THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 97 GENERAL 102 Forward-Looking Statements 102 Shareholder Proposals or Director Nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting 103 Other Proposed Actions 104 Solicitation of Proxies 104 APPENDIX A: Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 105 APPENDIX B: Proposed Exculpation Amendment 107 APPENDIX C: Proposed Miscellaneous Charter Amendments 108 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement i Table of Contents C OMMONLY U SED OR D EFINED T ERMS TERM DEFINITION 1997 Plan 1997 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 2025 annual meeting Annual meeting of shareholders held on May 22, 2025 2025 Form 10-K Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2025 AI Artificial intelligence Board Board of Directors of the Company By-Laws By-Laws of the Company (amended and restated effective November 20, 2025) CDP The not-for-profit organization formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project CEO Chief Executive Officer CFO Chief Financial Officer Charter Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (dated June 2, 2011) Company The Home Depot, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries COO Chief Operating Officer DSPG Committee Data Security and Privacy Governance Committee Directors Plan Nonemployee Directors Deferred Stock Compensation Plan ESPP Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan EVP-HR Executive Vice President Human Resources Exchange Act The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB ASC Topic 718 Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 FCPA U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Fiscal 2026 Fiscal year ending January 31, 2027 (includes 52 weeks) Fiscal 2025 Fiscal year ended February 1, 2026 (includes 52 weeks) Fiscal 2024 Fiscal year ended February 2, 2025 (includes 53 weeks) Fiscal 2023 Fiscal year ended January 28, 2024 (includes 52 weeks) Fiscal 2022 Fiscal year ended January 29, 2023 (includes 52 weeks) Fiscal 2021 Fiscal year ended January 30, 2022 (includes 52 weeks) Fiscal 2020 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 (includes 52 weeks) Fiscal 2013 Fiscal year ended February 2, 2014 (includes 52 weeks) GMS GMS Inc. KPMG KPMG LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm LDC Committee Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Meeting 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Company MIP Management Incentive Plan MRO Maintenance, repair and operations NACD National Association of Corporate Directors NCG Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee NEO Named executive officer Non-U.S. ESPP Non-U.S. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Notice Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials NYSE New York Stock Exchange Omnibus Plan Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated May 19, 2022 Pay Governance Pay Governance LLC, the LDC Committee s independent compensation consultant Political Activity Policy The Company s Political Activity and Government Relations Policy ROIC Return on invested capital Say-on-Pay Advisory vote to approve executive compensation as presented in this Proxy Statement SEC The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SRS SRS Distribution Inc. THD Restoration Plan The Home Depot FutureBuilder Restoration Plan TSR Total Shareholder Return Website addresses are included throughout this Proxy Statement for reference only. The information contained in, or accessible through, these websites is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. ii The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents T HE H OME D EPOT 2026 P ROXY S TATEMENT H IGHLIGHTS This summary highlights information contained in this Proxy Statement but does not contain all of the information you should consider. Please read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting as it contains important information about matters upon which you are being asked to vote. 2026 ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION (see pages 97-101 ) Date: Thursday, May 21, 2026 Time: 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time Place: Virtual meeting site: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2026 Record Date: March 23, 2026 Admission: You will need the 16-digit control number found on your proxy card, the Notice, or the voting information form provided by your bank or broker to attend and participate in the Meeting. Meeting Archive: A recording of the Meeting will be available for replay at https://ir.homedepot.com under Events and Presentations shortly after the Meeting. To facilitate the participation of our shareholders, associates and other members of our community, the Meeting will be held in a virtual format only. Shareholders can participate from any geographic location with internet connectivity. For more information on attending the Meeting, voting your shares during the Meeting, and submitting questions, please see About the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders beginning on page 97 of this Proxy Statement. ITEMS OF BUSINESS Proposal Board Recommendation Page Number 1. Election of 12 directors named in this Proxy Statement for one-year terms For each nominee 15 2. Ratification of appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for Fiscal 2026 For 26 3. Advisory vote to approve executive compensation as set forth in this Proxy Statement ( Say-on-Pay ) For 29 4. Approve the adoption of an amendment to the Charter to add officer exculpation For 30 5. Approve the implementation of miscellaneous amendments to the Charter For 32 6. Shareholder proposal regarding evaluation of recycling-related plastics targets Against 34 7. Shareholder proposal regarding a report on packaging policies for plastics Against 37 8. Shareholder proposal regarding a report on customer data privacy risks Against 39 9. Shareholder proposal regarding independent Board Chair Against 43 10. Shareholder proposal regarding a biodiversity impact and dependency assessment Against 45 11. Shareholder proposal regarding a report on sufficiency of associates access to healthcare Against 48 12. Shareholder proposal regarding a report on discrimination in charitable support Against 51 Shareholders of record may submit proxies to have their shares voted without attending the Meeting by one of the following methods: By Internet By Telephone By Mail By Mobile Device www.proxyvote.com 1-800-690-6903 Complete and mail your proxy card Scan the QR code on your proxy card, Notice, or voting instruction form Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Meeting, we urge you to submit your proxy in advance of the Meeting over the Internet, by phone, by mail, or by mobile device. The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement iii Table of Contents COMPANY CULTURE: DOING THE RIGHT THING (see page 4 ) The Company s culture is based on our servant leadership philosophy represented by the inverted pyramid, which puts primary importance on our customers and our associates particularly our frontline, hourly associates by positioning them at the top, with senior management at the base in a support role. Our culture is brought to life through our core values, which serve as the foundation of our business and the guiding principles behind the decisions we make every single day. Our values also guide our efforts to create an environment that will help us attract and retain skilled associates in the competitive marketplace for talent. We believe our culture helps set us apart and provides a distinct competitive advantage for The Home Depot. We empower our associates to deliver a superior customer experience, and we reward associates when they provide excellent customer service and embody The Home Depot values. We routinely assess our culture and values through associate surveys. Our officers and other leaders also participate in programs designed to build and strengthen our culture and to support the organizational changes necessary to create an interconnected customer experience. This focus on culture extends to our Board as described more fully beginning on page 15 . Our Board and its committees provide oversight and guidance to support the continued focus on and importance of culture to our Company. FISCAL 2025 COMPANY PERFORMANCE (see page 55 ) Our strategy allowed us to continue to execute at a high level in Fiscal 2025 despite continued macroeconomic uncertainties and other macroeconomic factors, including a persisting high interest rate environment, that continue to pressure broader home improvement demand. Our results for Fiscal 2025, which reflects 52 weeks compared to 53 weeks in Fiscal 2024, include the following: Net sales increased by 3.2% to $164.7 billion. Operating income decreased by 3.0% to $20.9 billion. Net earnings decreased by 4.4% to $14.2 billion and diluted earnings per share decreased by 4.6% to $14.23. Adjusted (1) diluted earnings per share decreased by 3.6% to $14.69. Generated $16.3 billion in operating cash flow. Returned value to shareholders during Fiscal 2025 through $9.2 billion in dividends. Generated ROIC (1) of 25.7%, compared to 31.3% in Fiscal 2024. The 53rd week in Fiscal 2024 added approximately $2.5 billion of net sales and increased each of diluted earnings per share and adjusted diluted earnings per share for Fiscal 2024 by approximately $0.30. FISCAL 2025 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS (see pages 54-69 ) The LDC Committee and, with respect to our CEO, the Board considered the importance of maintaining strong alignment with the shareholder experience when establishing NEO compensation in Fiscal 2025. We pay for performance: A significant portion of our NEOs target compensation in Fiscal 2025 was linked to Company performance: Approximately 91.3% for our CEO Approximately 84.9% for our NEOs serving at the end of Fiscal 2025 100% of NEO annual cash incentive compensation earned for Fiscal 2025 and 80% of the equity grant provided to the NEOs in Fiscal 2025 were tied to Company performance against pre-established, specific, measurable performance goals We seek to mitigate compensation-related risk through a variety of means: Compensation risk assessment(s) performed on at least an annual basis 1 The Company reports its financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). As used above and throughout this Proxy Statement, adjusted diluted earnings per share and ROIC are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to Appendix A of this Proxy Statement for an explanation of these non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. iv The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents An executive compensation clawback policy applicable to all officers subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act ( Section 16 officers ) that extends beyond mandated requirements and, among other things, allows the LDC Committee, in its discretion, to recoup compensation, including equity awards, following intentional misconduct that causes the Company material financial or reputational harm Anti-hedging policy applicable to all associates, officers, and directors and prohibition on pledging Company stock and opening margin accounts containing Company stock for Section 16 officers and directors Robust stock ownership and retention guidelines for executive officers and non-employee directors No change in control agreements CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BEST PRACTICES (see pages 1-14 ) Our corporate governance policies reflect best practices: Shareholder Protections Board Engagement and Oversight Annual election of directors, with majority voting standard in uncontested director elections Annual Board strategy session and review of the Company s strategic plan Shareholder ability to call special meetings and act by written consent Director overboarding policy Market standard shareholder rights to proxy access and director nomination through advance notice provisions in By-Laws Director store and facility walk policy Independent Lead Director Board education and orientation program Approximately 92% of director nominees and all Board committee members are independent Annual Board and committee self-evaluations, including individual director interviews Director mandatory retirement age (age 72) Management succession policy set forth in Corporate Governance Guidelines No shareholder rights plan, also referred to as a poison pill and annual Board-level review of Shareholder Rights Plan Policy Independent directors meet without management on at least a quarterly basis SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT PROGRAM (see page 9 ) The Company values the views of its shareholders and continually engages with its institutional shareholders. Topics discussed in these discussions include corporate governance matters such as Board leadership and structure, as well as our efforts around sustainability and human capital management and the related disclosures. In Fiscal 2025, we proactively sought engagement with many of our largest institutional shareholders, which collectively represented approximately 42% of our outstanding shares. We ultimately engaged with many of these shareholders, as well as a number of other institutional shareholders on these topics. We also sought feedback on each shareholder proposal included on the ballot at our 2025 annual meeting. We value the feedback these engagements provide and intend to continue these efforts. Our Board and its committees, where relevant, receive periodic updates on this engagement activity. Together with our commitment to corporate governance best practices, this feedback has informed several changes in recent years. These changes include updates to our governance policies, enhancements to our disclosures and the creation of a page dedicated to disclosure of sustainability and human capital management matters on our Investor Relations website, which can be found at https://ir.homedepot.com/sustainability. This website highlights the three key pillars of focus for our sustainability and human capital management initiatives: Focus on Our People, Operate Sustainably and Strengthen Our Communities. The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement v Table of Contents 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES (see pages 17-25 ) Director Nominees Board Committee Composition Name Director Since Position Audit LDC NCG Finance Gerard J. Arpey* 2015 Partner, Emerald Creek Group, LLC Ari Bousbib* 2007 Chairman and CEO, IQVIA Holdings Inc. Chair Jeffery H. Boyd* 2016 Former Chairman and CEO, Booking Holdings Inc. Chair Gregory D. Brenneman* Lead Directo r 2000 Executive Chairman, CCMP Capital Advisors, LP J. Frank Brown* Audit Committee Financial Expert 2011 Former Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer, General Atlantic LLC Chair Edward P. Decker 2022 Chair, President and CEO, The Home Depot, Inc. Wayne M. Hewett* 2014 Chairman, Cambrex Corporation Chair Manuel Kadre* 2018 Chairman and CEO, Kollective Auto Group Stephanie C. Linnartz* 2018 Former President, CEO and Director, Under Armour, Inc. Paula A. Santilli* 2022 Former CEO, Latin America Foods, PepsiCo, Inc. Caryn Seidman-Becker* 2022 Chair and CEO, CLEAR Secure, Inc. Asha Sharma* 2025 Executive Vice President and CEO, Microsoft Gaming, Microsoft Corporation * All director nominees are independent except Mr. Decker, our Chair, President and CEO. vi The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents C ORPORATE G OVERNANCE The Company has a long-standing commitment to strong corporate governance, which promotes the long-term interests of shareholders, strengthens Board and management accountability, and helps build public trust in the Company. The Board has adopted policies and processes that foster effective Board oversight of matters such as strategy, risk management, financial and other controls, compliance, culture, sustainability, human capital management, and management succession planning. The Board regularly reviews our major governance documents, policies, and processes in the context of current corporate governance trends, regulatory changes, and recognized best practices. The following sections provide an overview of our corporate governance structure, policies, and processes, including key aspects of our Board operations. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our Board currently has 12 members: Gerard J. Arpey, Ari Bousbib, Jeffery H. Boyd, Gregory D. Brenneman, J. Frank Brown, Edward P. Decker, Wayne M. Hewett, Manuel Kadre, Stephanie C. Linnartz, Paula A. Santilli, Caryn Seidman-Becker, and Asha Sharma. With the exception of Mr. Decker, our Chair, President and CEO, each director was independent throughout Fiscal 2025, and continues to be independent. BOARD LEADERSHIP On at least an annual basis, our Board assesses its leadership structure, including the appointment of the Chair of the Board. Our Lead Director is annually elected by the independent members of the Board. The Board believes that, given the Company s present circumstances, having a combined Chair and CEO, a strong independent Lead Director, and Board committees composed entirely of independent directors currently provides the best Board leadership structure for the Company. This structure, together with our other robust corporate governance practices, provides strong independent oversight of management while ensuring clear strategic alignment throughout the Company. Our Chair, with input from our Lead Director, proposes strategic priorities to the Board and communicates the Board s guidance to management, which is ultimately responsible for implementing the Company s strategy. Gregory D. Brenneman currently serves as our Lead Director and brings to the role a high level of energy, engagement and oversight. He has broad and varied business experience, including in various CEO roles; has served on our Board through multiple business cycles; and as Lead Director, has guided a number of successful leadership transitions and management changes. The Board recognizes that Mr. Brenneman s tenure provides a unique long-term perspective on the Company s strategy and, rather than diminishing his independence, gives him the deep institutional knowledge to challenge management and provide rigorous oversight. Our Lead Director: Chairs Board meetings when the Chair is not present, including presiding at executive sessions of the Board (without management present) on at least a quarterly basis; Approves Board meeting agendas, schedules and other information provided to the Board; Works with management to determine the information and materials provided to Board members; Consults regularly with the Chair on other matters that are pertinent to the Board and the Company; Has the authority to call meetings of the independent directors; Is available for communication and consultation with major shareholders upon request; Serves as liaison between the Chair and the independent directors; and Conducts annual interviews with each independent director as part of the annual evaluation process. To maximize the effectiveness of the Lead Director role, our Lead Director does not serve on any standing Board committees but regularly attends and participates in meetings of our Board committees, and generally serves as a resource for the committees as needed. ATTENDANCE AT BOARD, COMMITTEE AND ANNUAL SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS Directors are expected to attend all Board meetings and meetings of the Committees of the Board on which they serve. Directors are also expected to attend the annual meeting of shareholders, absent extraordinary circumstances. The Board met 12 times during Fiscal 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board and of the committees of which he or she was a member during his or her service on The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents the Board in Fiscal 2025, and also attended the 2025 annual meeting. All director nominees are expected to attend the Meeting. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Board periodically evaluates the effectiveness of its committee structure and currently has standing Audit, LDC, NCG, and Finance Committees. The charter for each committee is available on the Company s Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under Corporate Governance Committee Members Charters. The current members of our committees, the principal functions of each committee and the number of meetings held in Fiscal 2025 are shown below. Each member of each committee during Fiscal 2025 was, and each current member continues to be, independent under our Director Independence Standards, as well as applicable SEC rules and NYSE listing standards. Committee Committee Functions Audit: J. Frank Brown, Chair Ari Bousbib Wayne M. Hewett Manuel Kadre Stephanie C. Linnartz Asha Sharma Number of Meetings: 9 Oversees the Company s accounting and financial reporting process, as well as the integrity of the Company s consolidated financial statements and its internal control over financial reporting, including the audits thereof Has primary responsibility for overseeing risk assessment and risk management Has primary responsibility for overseeing data protection, cybersecurity and privacy risks Reviews the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including the FCPA and other anti-bribery laws Reviews the qualifications, performance and independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and appoints such firm on an annual basis Oversees the performance of the Company s internal audit function Reviews the Company s compliance programs, including the whistleblower program, and the Company s monitoring of such programs Leadership Development and Compensation: Wayne M. Hewett, Chair Stephanie C. Linnartz Caryn Seidman-Becker Asha Sharma Number of Meetings: 6 Reviews and evaluates the performance of executive officers Reviews and recommends compensation of directors and the CEO and approves compensation of other executive officers, as well as oversees compliance with, and administration of, the Company s executive compensation clawback policy Reviews and recommends policies, practices and procedures concerning compensation strategy and other human capital management matters Administers stock incentive and stock purchase plans, including determining grants of equity awards under the plans Undertakes review and risk assessment of compensation policies and practices on at least an annual basis Oversees senior management succession planning policies and procedures Monitors the independence of its compensation consultant and appoints such consultant on an annual basis 2 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Committee Committee Functions Nominating and Corporate Governance: Jeffery H. Boyd, Chair Gerard J. Arpey Paula A. Santilli Caryn Seidman Becker Number of Meetings: 4 Makes recommendations for director nominees Reviews and monitors the performance and composition of the Board and its committees Evaluates the independence of directors Develops the Company s corporate governance practices and procedures and oversees the related risks Has primary responsibility for overseeing Company political activity Provides oversight and makes recommendations for Company corporate social responsibility and environmental efforts and their alignment with business priorities, including matters such as safety, sustainability initiatives, and responsible sourcing Oversees communications between directors and shareholders Reviews and, where appropriate, approves related person transactions involving executive officers and directors Oversees policies and procedures regarding insider trading, to the extent not expressly allocated to other Board committees Oversees director engagement, education and orientation activities Monitors executive and director compliance with stock ownership and retention guidelines Finance: Ari Bousbib, Chair Gerard J. Arpey Jeffery H. Boyd J. Frank Brown Manuel Kadre Paula A. Santilli Number of Meetings: 4 Oversees the management of the Company s long-range financial outlook and finance-related risks Reviews and recommends policies, practices and strategies concerning financial matters, including the Company s capital structure, investments, use of derivatives, dividends, share repurchases, credit programs, credit ratings, tax strategy, and insurance Oversees the Company s annual capital plan and significant capital investments Oversees the Company s strategies with respect to mergers and acquisitions activity In determining the composition of the committees, the Board and the NCG Committee considered directors skills and qualifications in key areas relevant to the Company and each committee s responsibilities. The table below lists the key skills and qualifications held by the members of our committees. For more information about the skills, qualifications and attributes of our Board members, see 2026 Director Nominees beginning on page 17 . Audit Leadership Development and Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Finance Strategic Management Strategic Management Strategic Management Strategic Management Retail/Merchandising Retail/Merchandising Retail/Merchandising Retail/Merchandising CEO Experience CEO Experience CEO Experience CEO Experience Technology/Innovation Technology/Innovation Technology/Innovation Technology/Innovation B2B B2B B2B B2B Supply Chain Supply Chain Human Capital Management Supply Chain Risk Management E-commerce E-commerce E-commerce Finance Human Capital Management Governance Finance Cybersecurity Marketing/Communications Marketing/Communications Real Estate International International International International Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents COMPANY CULTURE: DOING THE RIGHT THING The Home Depot has a strong commitment to ethics and integrity, and we are a values- and culture-centric company. Our values are present in the way we do business and are more formally codified in the Company s Business Code of Conduct and Ethics. These values and our culture are also reflected in our annual voluntary sustainability and human capital management-related disclosures, which can be found on our website at https://ir.homedepot.com/sustainability, and which is discussed in more detail under Oversight of Sustainability and Human Capital Management on page 8 below. Our focus on culture extends to our Board, and we look for directors who focus on doing the right thing and have a servant-leader mindset. The Board and its committees provide oversight and guidance to support the continued focus on and importance of culture to our Company. Inverted Pyramid and Values Wheel The Company s culture is based on our servant leadership philosophy represented by the inverted pyramid, which puts primary importance on our customers and our associates by positioning them at the top, with senior management at the base in a support role. We bring our culture to life through our core values, which serve as the foundation of our business and the guiding principles behind the decisions we make every day. We believe our culture helps set us apart and provides a distinct competitive advantage for The Home Depot. Our values also guide our efforts to create an environment that will help us attract and retain skilled associates in the competitive marketplace for talent. We empower our associates to deliver a superior customer experience, and we position our associates to embody our core values by integrating the importance of our culture into ongoing development programs and rewards programs. We routinely assess our culture and values through associate surveys, which are done on an annual basis for Home Depot associates, as well as periodic pulse check surveys for groups of associates. Our officers and other leaders also regularly participate in programs designed to build and strengthen our culture, such as training on leadership skills, cross-functional collaboration, leading with our values, and associate engagement. Business Code of Conduct and Ethics The Company has a Business Code of Conduct and Ethics that is applicable to all directors, officers and associates of the Company, including the CEO and the CFO. The Business Code of Conduct and Ethics reflects our strong commitment to ethics and integrity and provides guidance on making decisions that align with our core values. The complete text of the code is available on the Company s Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under Corporate Governance Overview and is also available in print upon request at no charge. The Company will post any amendments to or waivers of the Business Code of Conduct and Ethics (to the extent applicable to the Company s executive officers and directors) at this location on its website. BOARD ROLE IN STRATEGIC PLANNING The Company s strategy is rooted in our culture, guided by our inverted pyramid to put customers first and focus on investments that better meet their changing needs and expectations. As discussed at our Investor and Analyst Conference in December 2025, we are focused on powering our core and culture by supporting our associates to deliver the excellent customer experience for which The Home Depot is known, creating an 4 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents interconnected, frictionless shopping experience that enables our customers to seamlessly blend the digital and physical worlds, and growing our market share with Pros through our ecosystem of capabilities . Our Board plays an important role in the continued evolution of the Company s strategic planning process. At a dedicated strategy session each fall and through regular discussions at each quarterly Board meeting, our Board reviews the Company s strategy and capabilities and actively engages with management to ensure that the Company is well-positioned to continue creating shareholder value. In Fiscal 2025, those discussions focused on the Company s strategy to continue to lead in product authority, optimizing a best-in-class store experience, creating a frictionless interconnected customer experience, and enhancing comprehensive capabilities to facilitate cross-selling opportunities between retail and wholesale operations and support our cross-category Pros working on larger, more complex projects. As discussed in Election of Directors beginning on page 15 , each director nominee possesses specific skills and qualifications that provide the Company with key insights into elements necessary to continue to enhance our customer experience and support our strategy. As a result of our focus on Board composition, we believe we have a Board with an appropriate mix of skills and experiences to effectively oversee our strategy as the Company positions itself to remain agile in a dynamic operating environment. BOARD OVERSIGHT OF RISK The Board s oversight of risk is accomplished through (1) the identification of key risks facing the Company and (2) the mapping of those risks to the appropriate Board committee and/or to the Board for oversight, based on the nature of the risk. The enterprise risk framework that we use to identify, prioritize, and manage those key risks is dynamic and considers external and internal factors, including potential impact to our strategy, brand and financial performance from established, evolving and emerging risks. We define top enterprise risks as those that could prevent us from achieving our strategic objectives. The Board reviews these key risks and the related framework annually, including results of periodic surveys of Board members and senior management to identify and assess key enterprise risks. In Fiscal 2025, the Board held a dedicated session to discuss enterprise risk and resilience. Beyond this meeting, the Board or appropriate Board committees discuss selected risks in more detail throughout the year, and the Audit Committee receives quarterly updates regarding top enterprise risks, which are reported to the Board, as appropriate. The table below identifies key risk areas overseen by the Board and its committees. Key Areas of Risk Oversight Full Board Has primary responsibility for risk oversight, including approval of strategic objectives and defining risk appetite Delegates oversight of management of certain risks to Board committees Receives regular reports from Board committees regarding risk-related matters The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Audit Leadership Development and Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Finance Overall risk assessment and management Senior executive compensation Corporate governance Long-range strategic planning Financial exposures, statements, controls, systems, and reporting Senior executive succession planning Director succession planning and board composition Long-range financial outlook and finance-related risks Regulatory and compliance, including FCPA/anti-bribery and our whistleblower program Overall risk related to the Company s compensation policies and practices Corporate social responsibility, environmental, and responsible sourcing initiatives, risks and opportunities Capital structure, including investments and capital allocation principles Data protection, cybersecurity and privacy Human capital management Safety matters with respect to associates, customers and products Annual capital plan and key capital investments Internal audit and related investigatory matters Non-employee director compensation Policies and procedures regarding insider trading Merger and acquisition strategy Financial and controls aspects of sustainability- and human capital management-related disclosures Pay equity Related person transactions Tax strategy Company political activity, including oversight of the Political Activity Policy, political spending and payments to trade associations While the Board and its committees are responsible for risk oversight, management is charged with managing risk within the Company s defined risk appetite. As part of our risk assessment process, the Board and each committee receive presentations from management throughout the year regarding specific potential risks and trends relevant to their allocated areas of oversight. Our Chair has frequent opportunities to discuss matters of particular importance or concern in director-only sessions, including any significant, evolving or emerging risks that may be of concern to the Board or the Company. Our Lead Director also presides over regular executive sessions of our independent directors, during which risks faced by the Company may be discussed. Additionally, during the Board-level review of the Company s strategy, as discussed in more detail above, the Board considers significant risks facing the Company, emerging risks and current trends, and their potential impact. We believe that the practices described above, along with our current leadership structure, facilitate effective Board oversight of key risks. Further detail on Board- and management-level oversight of enterprise risk management and specified risk areas is provided below. Enterprise Risk Management In accordance with NYSE requirements and our Audit Committee charter, our Audit Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing risk assessment and management, including the Company s major financial exposures and compliance risks and the steps management has taken to monitor and control them. The Audit Committee stays informed of significant actual and potential risks faced by the Company in part through review of quarterly reports on our top enterprise risks. These reports denote whether primary oversight of each risk resides with a particular Board committee or with the full Board. Our Internal Audit and Corporate Compliance team holds quarterly risk discussions with each member of our senior leadership team, which inform the development and updating of the top enterprise risks. In addition, leaders from Internal Audit, Corporate Compliance and Legal hold quarterly meetings to discuss key risks. The Company also maintains an Enterprise Risk Council composed of leaders from the Company s principal functional areas who may be convened as needed to discuss significant new or emerging risks. Our Vice President of Internal Audit and Corporate Compliance attends each of the various risk-related meetings and reports on the top enterprise risks to senior management regularly, attends each quarterly Audit Committee meeting, and leads the Board s annual review of the Company s risk framework. As discussed above, the Board held a dedicated session in Fiscal 2025 to discuss enterprise risk and resilience, including an in-depth review of the Company s enterprise risk framework. 6 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Data Protection, Cybersecurity and Privacy The Audit Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing risk exposures and risk assessments from management, including with respect to data protection, cybersecurity, and privacy matters, although the Board also exercises oversight in this area. In Fiscal 2025, the Board s discussion of enterprise risk and resilience included a review of cybersecurity and business continuity. Since the beginning of Fiscal 2025, the Board and/or the Audit Committee has also received reports on privacy, data protection and/or cybersecurity matters from senior Information Technology leaders, including our Chief Information Officer, Chief Information Security Officer, Chief Privacy Officer, and the Chair of our DSPG Committee (discussed below). Topics recently covered in these meetings included governance, risk identification and strategies to detect and protect against those risks, review of third party assessments and tabletop exercises, updates on the threat environment, and resilience. In addition, our Internal Audit team routinely conducts audits related to data protection, cybersecurity, and privacy matters, including third-party risk management, and presents its findings in quarterly reports to the Audit Committee. Periodically, our Board receives presentations on these matters from third-party experts. Our management-level DSPG Committee provides governance over cybersecurity and privacy matters, including discussion of cybersecurity and privacy priorities, emerging risks, awareness and training programs, risk mitigation efforts, and regulatory compliance. This committee, chaired by our Vice President of Internal Audit and Corporate Compliance, meets quarterly and is composed of a cross-functional team of senior leaders, including our CEO. The DSPG Committee is supported by our Security and Technology Risk Leadership Committee and our Privacy and Data Governance Committee. The activities of the DSPG Committee are reported to the Audit Committee and/or the Board by the chair of the committee, as appropriate. AI and Emerging Technologies The Board is responsible for oversight of the Company s digital strategy and receives regular updates on emerging technologies, including use of generative AI to support our strategic objectives and the governance frameworks that guide the Company s responsible use of these emerging technologies. As discussed above, the Audit Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing risks related to data protection, cybersecurity and privacy matters, and in Fiscal 2025, the Audit Committee participated in a session focused on emerging technology governance. The DSPG Committee oversees risks related to the Company s responsible use of AI and emerging technologies and has established a cross-functional governance process involving senior leaders to gather information and advise the Company regarding the benefits and risks of using AI and emerging technologies. Processes overseen by the DSPG Committee with respect to AI and emerging technologies include establishing internal standards and controls, monitoring regulatory developments, and escalating matters to the Board, as appropriate. FCPA and Anti-Bribery The Audit Committee is responsible for oversight of risks relating to bribery, corruption and FCPA compliance, in part through quarterly reports from our FCPA Oversight Committee, which oversees enterprise-wide compliance with the FCPA and the anti-bribery laws of the other jurisdictions in which we conduct business. The FCPA Oversight Committee meets quarterly and is composed of our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, who chairs the committee; our Executive Vice President and CFO; our Vice President of Internal Audit and Corporate Compliance; and representatives from each non-U.S. division, the business functions responsible for administration of our policies, and the business functions that manage our transactions outside of the U.S. The FCPA Oversight Committee receives regular updates and manages enhancements to Company policies, regular risk assessments, the Company s training program for key associates and third parties, and its third-party diligence and monitoring program. It also oversees any relevant investigatory work and FCPA-specific audits of our international operations performed through our internal audit team and utilizing outside anti-bribery experts. The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents OVERSIGHT OF SUSTAINABILITY AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT We view sustainability and human capital management matters through the lens of our business, recognizing that if we support our associates, our customers, our suppliers, and the communities we serve, we also strengthen our business and create value for our shareholders. We believe these priorities are embedded in how we run our business, align closely with our corporate culture and strategy, and support value creation for our business and shareholders. We have three key pillars of focus for our sustainability and human capital management ini tiatives: (1) Focus on Our People, (2) Operate Sustainably, and (3) Strengthen Our Communities. The Company maintains a dedicated webpage to provide access to information about the Company s oversight and management of these matters, which can be found at https://ir.homedepot.com/sustainability. Our Fiscal 2024 Living Our Values Report, which is available on this dedicated webpage, describes the key sustainability, human capital management, and governance issues relevant to the Company, our initiatives and goals related to those issues, and our progress with respect to those initiatives. Board and Committee Oversight Because sustainability and human capital management encompass many topics, oversight is shared among the Board and several committees. Each year, our Board receives updates regarding our sustainability and human capital management opportunities, risks, and initiatives, our annual voluntary sustainability reports, and, where relevant, emerging sustainability and human capital management issues. Our Board also receives periodic updates on responsible sourcing, as well as safety initiatives and related matters. The NCG Committee has primary responsibility for oversight of sustainability, including corporate social responsibility and environmental matters, and the alignment of those matters with our business priorities. The NCG Committee also oversees risks related to customer and associate safety, as well as our responsible sourcing program and related supply chain risks. In addition, the NCG Committee has primary oversight of corporate political activity, including reviewing corporate donations, payments to trade associations, and our Political Activity Policy at least annually, and receives updates regarding alignment between our political activity and strategic priorities. The NCG Committee receives regular reports on engagements with shareholders and related investor feedback, as well as information on recent developments with respect to sustainability. The LDC Committee oversees risks related to human capital management, including matters relating to associate compensation and benefits; associate engagement, development and training; and pay equity. The LDC Committee also receives regular updates on the findings from our reviews of compensation practices for our U.S. associates. The Audit Committee oversees risks related to the financial and controls aspects of disclosures on these matters and receives periodic updates on these matters from our Chief Accounting Officer. Management-Level Oversight To provide management-level oversight and coordination of our sustainability and human capital management efforts, the Company engages a cross-functional governance committee chaired by our Senior Vice President Finance, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller and composed of representatives across several business functions, including Communications, Corporate Governance, Finance, Government Relations, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Investor Relations, Legal, Store Operations, Sustainability, and Tax. This committee is focused on identifying and evaluating key sustainability- and human capital management-related issues of concern to our stakeholders and further developing our initiatives with respect thereto to ensure they support the business and long-term value creation. This committee also receives regular updates on the progress of our sustainability and human capital management efforts. Our Government Relations department, led by a vice president who reports to our General Counsel, manages our political activity. The team carefully analyzes our political activity, including political contributions, for alignment with our strategic priorities, guided by our core values. 8 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents SHAREHOLDER OUTREACH AND ENGAGEMENT We approach shareholder engagement as an integrated, year-round process involving senior management, our Investor Relations team, and our Corporate Governance team, as well as other subject matter experts as appropriate. In Fiscal 2025, we proactively sought engagement with many of our largest institutional shareholders, who collectively represented approximately 42% of our outstanding shares. We ultimately engaged with many of these holders as well as a number of other institutional shareholders on a variety of topics, including the matters raised by the shareholder proposals on the ballot at our annual meetings and other topics of interest to our investors. In addition, we host regular engagements with these and other institutional shareholders throughout the year to discuss matters such as governance, sustainability and human capital management. We also have an active investor relations program that engages throughout the y ear with a significant portion of our shareholders and potential holders on matters regarding corporate strategy, financial performance, business environment, and other relevant topics. In Fiscal 2025, in addition to our routine investor engagement efforts, we held an Investor and Analyst Conference, at which investors received an update on our strategy and had the opportunity to engage directly with our management team. We value the feedback that each of these engagements has provided and intend to continue our engagement efforts. The Board values our shareholders perspectives, and feedback from our shareholders on our business, corporate governance, compensation, sustainability practices, human capital management, and other matters is regularly shared with the Board and its committees. This engagement, together with our cross-functional sustainability and human capital management efforts and our commitment to robust corporate governance, has led to the adoption of best practices and policy, program and disclosure enhancements over the past several years, including the following: We expanded our Executive Compensation Clawback Policy to specifically include conduct that causes significant reputational harm to the Company. This approach extends our executive compensation clawback policy beyond the mandatory clawback of incentive compensation following an accounting restatement that is required by NYSE listing standards. We updated our policies and disclosures around our political activity, including enhancing our annual report on corporate political donations, trades associations and support for ballot initiatives, which we disclose on our Sustainability webpage. We have included disclosure of sustainability and human capital management matters on a dedicated page on our Investor Relations website, available at https://ir.homedepot.com/sustainability, to better enable our investors to access key information about our oversight and management of these areas, including related goals. We have also enhanced our annual voluntary sustainability reports to provide more transparent and quantitative disclosure informed by Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ), Sustainable Accounting Standards Board ( SASB ), and Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) frameworks, including regarding opportunities, risks, uncertainties, and dependencies in achieving our science-based targets for reducing our greenhouse gas emissions. GOVERNANCE BEST PRACTICES Our Board believes effective governance requires regular and thoughtful evaluation of the Company s governance policies and processes in light of the broader governance landscape. As a result, our governance framework contains a variety of methods for shareholder engagement, as well as mechanisms for effective Board operations. Shareholder Rights Our shareholders have the following important rights: Right to elect all directors on an annual basis, with a majority voting standard in uncontested elections. Right of the holders of 15% or more of our common stock to call a special meeting of shareholders. Right to act by majority written consent in lieu of a meeting. Right to include director nominees in our Proxy Statement. Our proxy access right permits a shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders, owning at least 3% of the Company s outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company s proxy The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of two individuals or 20% of the Board, provided that the shareholders and the nominees satisfy the requirements specified in our By-Laws. We also provide market standard advance notice provisions in our By-Laws to ensure our shareholders have sufficient time and access to necessary information to evaluate any Board candidates nominated by shareholders outside the proxy access process. In addition, as described in more detail on page 14 , shareholders may recommend Board candidates for consideration by the NCG Committee. Corporate Governance Guidelines The Company maintains Corporate Governance Guidelines that establish a common set of expectations to assist the Board and its committees in performing their duties. The table below provides an overview of several key elements of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on the Company s Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under Corporate Governance Overview and in print at no charge upon request. Key Corporate Governance Guidelines Provisions Outside Board Policy We limit the number of other public company boards our directors may join to ensure that a director is not overboarded and is able to devote the appropriate amount of time and attention to the oversight of the Company. Generally, a director who is an executive officer of another public company may only serve on two public company boards the board of that company and our Board. If the only executive officer role held by a director is that of executive chair of another public company, the director may serve on the board of that company, our Board, and the board of one other public company, subject to a determination by the NCG Committee that the additional commitment, when added to the director s existing executive chair role, permits sufficient time for, and will not impair his or her service on, our Board. Other directors may not serve on more than three other public company boards, and no member of the Company s Audit Committee may serve on more than two other public company audit committees. In addition, our CEO may not serve on more than one other public company board. Any director seeking to join the board of directors of another public company or for-profit organization must notify the NCG Committee and obtain its approval to continue as a member of our Board. During the period between regularly scheduled meetings of the NCG Committee, the Chair of the NCG Committee (or the Lead Director, if the Chair of the NCG Committee is the director seeking approval) may review and approve the continuation of service of a director, provided that the Chair of the NCG Committee (or Lead Director, as applicable) reports any such approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting of the NCG Committee. Management Succession Planning A key responsibility of the Board is overseeing the identification and development of senior leadership. Both the Board and LDC Committee are actively engaged in succession planning. The LDC Committee oversees the development and implementation of succession plans for senior leadership positions. This process includes review and discussion of the performance and development of senior leadership on a regular basis, along with management s evaluation and recommendations for senior leadership succession. The Board also annually reviews succession plans for senior management and the CEO, including both a long-term succession plan and an emergency succession plan. To assist the Board, our CEO annually provides an assessment of senior leaders and their potential to succeed at key senior management positions. The Board meets potential leaders at many levels across the organization through formal presentations and informal events throughout the year, including through the store and facility walks and management meetings that are part of our director engagement program. 10 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director Engagement, Continuing Education and Orientation Program The NCG Committee oversees the director engagement, continuing education and orientation program, which includes both internal activities and access to external programming. Our ongoing engagement program includes periodic walks of our stores and other facilities, product walks, and in-depth meetings with management to provide our directors with the opportunity to observe our strategy in action and to expand their insight into our business operations and activities. We also have a structured director orientation program for new directors during their first year on the Board. This program includes information sessions with senior management and key advisors, where applicable, and visits to our stores and facilities to accelerate their on-boarding. We also provide all directors with membership in the NACD and continuing education opportunities. Board Self-Evaluations Each year, the Board conducts an evaluation of its performance and effectiveness, in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines. As set forth in its charter, the NCG Committee oversees this process, which includes two key components: The Board and each committee conduct self-evaluations, which solicit feedback on a range of issues, including Board and committee oversight effectiveness, structure, composition, leadership, culture and dynamics; Board refreshment and succession planning; meeting content; and interactions with management. The results of these self-evaluations are discussed in executive session, generally at the first regularly scheduled meetings of the fiscal year. Our Lead Director conducts individual interviews with each of the directors. These interviews address similar topics, with the one-on-one setting permitting an opportunity for more detailed feedback on Board and committee operations and individual director performance, as well as providing opportunities for mentoring newer directors. The feedback from these interviews is typically discussed with the Board in February. Executive Compensation Clawback Policy The Company maintains an Executive Compensation Clawback Policy, which is administered by the LDC Committee. The policy applies to current and former Section 16 officers of the Company, including the NEOs, and includes a mandatory clawback that complies with the applicable listing standards of the NYSE and Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act. In the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement to correct material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. federal securities laws, it is the Company s policy to recover erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation received by its covered executives, with certain limited exceptions permitted under the NYSE listing standards. The recovery of such compensation applies regardless of whether a covered executive engaged in misconduct or otherwise caused or contributed to the requirement for a restatement. The Executive Compensation Clawback Policy also contains discretionary clawback requirements, which apply to the extent not superseded by the mandatory clawback. Under the discretionary requirements, the Company will seek to recover, as it deems appropriate and to the extent permitted by law, any bonus, incentive payment, equity award, or other compensation awarded to or received by a covered executive if the LDC Committee determines that (i) the compensation was based on financial results or operating metrics that were satisfied as a result of the officer s knowing or intentional fraudulent or illegal conduct, or (ii) the covered executive engaged in intentional misconduct (as determined by the LDC Committee in its sole discretion) that caused the Company material financial or reputational harm. The Executive Compensation Clawback Policy is set forth in an exhibit to our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Insider Trading Policies and Procedures The Company has an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale and certain other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers, other associates, and certain other persons and entities that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards. The Insider Trading Policy also addresses trading by the Company in our securities and sets forth procedures related to the repurchase of securities by the Company. A copy of the policy is included as Exhibit 19.1 to our 2025 Form 10-K. The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The Director Independence Standards in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on the Company s Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under Corporate Governance Overview, exceed the independence standards adopted by the NYSE. In early 2026, pursuant to the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board and the NCG Committee reviewed the independence of each current director. During this review, the Board and the NCG Committee considered all relevant facts and circumstances related to transactions and relationships between each director (and his or her immediate family and affiliates) and the Company and its management to determine whether any such relationship or transaction would prohibit a director from being independent under SEC rules, NYSE listing standards, or the Company s Director Independence Standards, which are supplemental to the SEC rules and NYSE listing standards. Based on this review and the recommendation of the NCG Committee, the Board affirmatively determined that all of our current director s a re independent except Mr. Decker, our Chair, President and CEO. The Company has purchase, sale and other transactions and relationships in the normal course of business with companies with which certain Company directors are associated but which our Board determined are not material to our Company, the directors or the companies with which the directors are associated. These transactions were reviewed and, where relevant, considered by the Board and the NCG Committee in determining the independence of Company directors. In particular, the Board and the NCG Committee took into account the following transactions in its analysis: Mr. Brenneman serves as Executive Chairman of CCMP Capital Advisors, LP, which manages funds that have an equity interest in BGIS, from which we purchased facilities management services and which purchased building materials and MRO products from us. In Fiscal 2025, Mr. Brenneman served as a member of the board of directors of BGIS. In Fiscal 2025, Ms. Santilli served as CEO, Latin America Foods of PepsiCo, Inc., from which we purchased food and beverage products and which purchased building materials and MRO products from us. Ms. Seidman-Becker serves as Chair and CEO of CLEAR Secure, Inc. ( CLEAR ), from which we purchased identity verification and travel-related services. Ms. Sharma serves as Executive Vice President and CEO, Microsoft Gaming with Microsoft Corporation ( Microsoft ), from which we purchased software and technology products and services and which purchased building materials and MRO products from us. In each instance described above, the amount of payments made and received by each entity represented an immaterial percentage of the Company s and the other entity s revenues, well below the thresholds established by NYSE listing standards and the Company s Director Independence Standards. The Board and the NCG Committee believe that all of the transactions and relationships described above were on arm s-length terms that were reasonable and competitive and that the directors did not participate in or receive any direct personal benefit from these transactions. RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS The Company has adopted a written policy requiring reasonable prior review and approval by the NCG Committee of all Related Person Transactions. These are transactions in which the Company is a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and a director, executive officer, or holder of more than 5% of our common stock has a direct or indirect material interest. Under our Related Person Transaction Policy, our General Counsel has primary responsibility for determining whether, based on the facts and circumstances, a related person has a direct or indirect material interest in a proposed or existing transaction. To help identify Related Person Transactions, each director and executive officer completes an annual questionnaire requiring the disclosure of any transaction that the person, any member of his or her immediate family, or any entity with which he or she is affiliated has or will have with the Company. Our directors and executive officers also undertake to update the Company promptly of any changes to their questionnaire responses during the year. Our General Counsel also conducts a review at 12 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents least annually of the Company s financial systems to determine if a director or executive officer, or a company with which he or she is affiliated, engaged in transactions with the Company during the fiscal year. Additionally, the Company s Business Code of Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines and conflict of interest policies require that all associates and directors promptly disclose all conflicts or potential conflicts of interest. If the General Counsel determines that a related person would have a direct or indirect material interest in the transaction, the General Counsel must present the transaction to the NCG Committee for review. The NCG Committee must then either approve or reject the transaction in accordance with the terms of the policy. When making this determination, the NCG Committee must consider all relevant information available and, as appropriate, take into consideration the following: Whether the transaction was undertaken in the ordinary course of business of the Company; Whether the transaction was initiated by the Company or the related person; Whether the transaction contains terms no less favorable to the Company than terms that could have been reached with an unrelated third party; The purpose of the transaction and its potential benefits to the Company; The approximate dollar value of the transaction, particularly as it involves the related person; The related person s interest in the transaction; and Any other information regarding the related person s interest in the transaction that would be material to investors under the circumstances. The NCG Committee may only approve the transaction if it determines that the transaction is reasonable, on competitive terms, and fair to the Company and not inconsistent with the best interests of the Company as a whole. Further, in approving any such transaction, the NCG Committee has the authority to impose any terms or conditions it deems appropriate on the Company or the related person. If review of a Related Person Transaction is required between NCG Committee meetings, and it is determined that approval of a Related Person Transaction by the entire NCG Committee prior to consummation or effectiveness of the transaction is impracticable under the circumstances, the Chair of the NCG Committee will review and may approve the transaction at his or her discretion. The Chair of the NCG Committee must report that transaction to the NCG Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting, including the rationale for approving the transaction prior to committee review. Transactions that are determined to be directly or indirectly material to the Company or a related person are disclosed in the Company s Proxy Statement. There were no Related Person Transactions since the beginning of Fiscal 2025 requiring disclosure in this Proxy Statement, nor are there any such transactions proposed. SELECTING NOMINEES TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The NCG Committee is responsible for considering candidates for the Board and recommending director nominees to the Board. All members of the NCG Committee have been determined to be independent by the Board pursuant to SEC rules, NYSE listing standards and the Company s Director Independence Standards. The NCG Committee considers a diverse slate of candidates for nomination to the Board from a variety of sources. Current members of the Board are considered for re-election in accordance with the process described below unless they have notified the Company that they do not wish to stand for re-election and provided they have not reached age 72 by the calendar year-end immediately preceding the Company s next annual meeting of shareholders. The NCG Committee may also consider candidates recommended by current members of the Board, members of management, and shareholders, as discussed below under Director Candidates Recommended by Shareholders. From time to time, the NCG Committee engages independent search firms to assist in identifying potential Board candidates. Services provided by the search firms include identifying and assessing potential director candidates, ensuring candidates meet criteria established by the NCG Committee, verifying information about the prospective candidate s credentials, and obtaining a preliminary indication of interest and willingness to serve as a Board member. During Fiscal 2025, the NCG Committee engaged a third-party search firm to assist it in identifying and assessing potential director candidates. Ms. Sharma, who was elected as a director The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents at our 2025 annual meeting and has been nominated again for election at the Meeting, was identified through this third-party search firm. The NCG Committee evaluates all candidates, regardless of who recommended a candidate, based on the same criteria. The criteria and the process by which director nominees are considered and selected are discussed further below under Election of Directors. DIRECTOR CANDIDATES RECOMMENDED BY SHAREHOLDERS The NCG Committee will consider candidates recommended by a shareholder (or group of shareholders) who own(s) at least 1% of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock and who has held such shares for at least one year as of the date of the recommendation. If the shareholder does not meet these requirements, the NCG Committee may, but is not obligated to, evaluate the candidate and consider him or her for nomination to the Board. A shareholder wishing to recommend a candidate must submit the following documents to the Corporate Secretary, The Home Depot, Inc., 2455 Paces Ferry Road, Building C-22, Atlanta, Georgia 30339 not less than 120 calendar days prior to the anniversary of the date on which the Company s Proxy Statement was released to shareholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting of shareholders: A recommendation that identifies the candidate and provides contact information for that candidate; The written consent of the candidate to serve as a director of the Company, if elected; and Documentation establishing that the shareholder making the recommendation meets the ownership requirements set forth above. If the candidate is to be evaluated by the NCG Committee, the Corporate Secretary will request from the candidate a detailed r sum , an autobiographical statement explaining the candidate s interest in serving as a director of the Company, a completed statement regarding conflicts of interest, and a waiver of liability for a background check. These documents must be received from the candidate before the first day of February preceding the next annual meeting of shareholders. COMMUNICATING WITH THE BOARD Shareholders and others who are interested in communicating directly with the members of the Board, including those wishing to express concerns relating to accounting, internal controls, audit matters, fraud or unethical behavior, may do so by e-mail at HD_Directors@homedepot.com or by writing to the directors at the following address: [Name of Director or Directors] c/o Corporate Secretary The Home Depot, Inc. 2455 Paces Ferry Road Building C-22 Atlanta, Georgia 30339 The Corporate Secretary reviews and provides the Board (or one or more applicable committees) at each of its regularly scheduled meetings with a summary of all such communications and a copy of any correspondence that, in the opinion of the Corporate Secretary, deals with the functions of the Board or the standing committees of the Board or that otherwise requires their attention. Correspondence relating to accounting, internal controls or auditing matters is brought to the attention of the Company s internal audit department and handled in accordance with procedures established by the Audit Committee with respect to such matters. All such communications are treated confidentially, and shareholders can remain anonymous when communicating their concerns. 14 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents E LECTION OF D IRECTORS (ITEM 1 ON THE PROXY CARD) The Board is elected annually by shareholders to oversee the long-term health and the overall success and financial strength of the Company s business. The NCG Committee is responsible for considering candidates for the Board and recommending director nominees for the Board. DIRECTOR CRITERIA AND QUALIFICATIONS The NCG Committee, when considering the composition of our Board, focuses on ensuring that our directors collectively possess the breadth of expertise and experience appropriate for a business of our size and geographic scope. The Company is the world s largest home improvement retailer, with 2,359 retail stores and over 1,250 SRS locations in the United States, Canada and Mexico as of the end of Fiscal 2025. Our business involves all facets of retail, including merchandising, supply chain, real estate, marketing and communications, as well as finance, human capital management, technology and innovation, data protection and cybersecurity, e-commerce, strategic management, international commerce, business-to-business ( B2B ) engagements, sustainability, and corporate governance. The NCG Committee evaluates each director candidate on the basis of the length, breadth and quality of the candidate s business experience, the applicability of the candidate s skills and experience to the Company s business and strategic direction, the perspectives that the candidate would bring to the Board, the candidate s ability to devote sufficient time to the Board and any committee service, and the fit of the candidate with our culture and our core values, existing members of the Board, and management. The NCG Committee seeks directors who: Demonstrate integrity, accountability, informed judgment, financial literacy, creativity and vision, and our servant leadership mindset; Are prepared to represent the best interests of all Company shareholders and not just one particular constituency; Demonstrate a record of professional accomplishment in his or her chosen field; and Are prepared and able to participate fully in Board activities, including membership on at least two committees. BOARD COMPOSITION AND REFRESHMENT We routinely assess the composition of our Board and aim to strike a balance between the knowledge and understanding of the business that comes from longer-term service on the Board and the fresh ideas and perspective that can come from adding new members. We also consider the complement of relevant skills and experience on the Board as our business changes and expands. Our Board and the NCG Committee recognize the importance of selecting directors with a wide array of personal and professional experiences to ensure that the Board as a whole has a breadth of perspectives to better inform its decisions and make our business stronger and more innovative to keep pace with a rapidly changing marketplace. Accordingly, the NCG Committee is committed to including candidates with varied backgrounds in each director search, as outlined in our Policy on the Consideration and Evaluation of Board Candidates, available on our Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under Corporate Governance Overview. The NCG Committee assesses the composition of the Board at least once a year and more frequently as needed, particularly when considering potential new candidates. Our directors have a rich array of backgrounds and experiences and a balance of tenure, which provides our Board with an effective mix of perspectives. The landscape in which our business operates has rapidly evolved in recent years and continues to change and develop. We believe that Board succession planning and refreshment are important as the Company s business strategy continues to evolve. In the past four years, we have added three new independent directors. Collectively, these directors have added to the skills and experience of our Board and its ability to support the Company s business and the creation of long-term The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents shareholder value, including through the addition of directors with first-hand experience building an interconnected experience for their own companies customers. The average tenure of our director nominees is 10.1 years. We remain committed to ongoing Board refreshment to support the evolution of our strategy. We believe that our Board also benefits from the presence of several seasoned directors who are well-versed in the Company s business and can help facilitate the transfer of institutional knowledge. For instance, Gregory D. Brenneman, our current Lead Director, brings a high level of energy, engagement and oversight to the role. His tenure, which includes service with five of our CEOs and leadership through multiple business cycles, has proven extremely valuable, particularly as the Board has added new members and the Company has navigated senior management transitions. The Board recognizes that Mr. Brenneman s tenure provides a unique long-term perspective on the Company s strategy and, rather than diminishing his independence, equips him with the deep institutional knowledge needed to challenge management and provide rigorous oversight. We believe the average tenure of our directors reflects the balance the Board seeks to achieve between the different perspectives offered by long-serving directors and those contributed by newer directors. 16 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES After evaluating the performance and experience of each of the current directors and the composition of the Board, the NCG Committee and our Board have recommended the election of all 12 of our current Board members. The tables and the detailed director nominee biographies below summarize the skills, qualifications and attributes of our director nominees that are important to us and depict how the composition of our nominees for our Board meets these needs. Skills, Qualifications and Attributes Relevance to The Home Depot Retail/Merchandising Experience in the retail industry provides a relevant understanding of our business, strategy and marketplace dynamics. Strategic Management Our Board regularly reviews and has input on our strategic plan, which guides our long-term business investments and objectives and our capital allocation. Supply Chain Upstream and downstream supply chain structure and design, as well as last-mile offerings, are critical to our strategic initiatives and responsible sourcing. Marketing/Communications Effective marketing and communications are critical to building customer loyalty, deepening customer engagement, and expanding market share. E-Commerce E-commerce is an essential part of the Company s strategy for growth of the business and optimization of our interconnected experience. B2B Experience serving the unique needs of business and commercial customers can support our strategy to grow our market share with Pros through the development of differentiated capabilities. Real Estate Given our significant physical footprint, directors with real estate experience can provide insight on opportunities and managing our locations. Human Capital Management With our significant associate population, directors with experience in organizational management and talent development provide key insights into developing and investing in our associates. Technology/Innovation We rely on technology to manage customer, associate and supplier data, and experience overseeing technology and innovation can help us realize opportunities as we deliver products, services and experiences to the market that meet evolving customer expectations. Data Protection/Cybersecurity The protection of customer, associate, corporate, and supplier data is of the utmost importance and will continue to grow in importance as we expand our technological capabilities. International With global operations in several countries, international experience helps us understand opportunities and challenges. Finance Our business involves complex financial transactions, including with respect to strategic acquisitions, and reporting requirements. Governance As a public company, we and our shareholders expect effective oversight and transparency. The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents Skills, Qualifications and Attributes Relevance to The Home Depot CEO Experience The significant leadership experience that comes from a CEO role can provide insight on business operations, driving growth, and building and strengthening corporate culture. Sustainability We believe running a responsible, sustainable company makes our business stronger, more agile, and more resilient and helps us deliver industry-leading results. Skills, Qualifications, and Attributes Arpey Bousbib Boyd Brenneman Brown Decker Hewett Kadre Linnartz Santilli Seidman- Becker Sharma Retail/Merchandising Strategic Management Supply Chain Marketing/Communications E-Commerce B2B Real Estate Human Capital Management Technology/Innovation Data Protection/Cybersecurity International Finance Governance CEO Experience Sustainability Race/Ethnicity Asian Black/African American Hispanic/Latin American White Gender M M M M M M M M F F F F Each of the 12 individuals nominated for election to the Board would be elected to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified. Each nominee has agreed to serve as a director if elected. If for some unforeseen reason a nominee becomes unwilling or unable to serve, the Board may reduce the number of directors that serve on the Board or choose a substitute nominee in accordance with our By-Laws. If a nominee becomes unable to serve for good cause or is unwilling to serve, a substitute nominee is chosen, and you have already submitted your proxy, the proxy holders may vote your shares for the substitute nominee in their discretion. The 12 nominees for election to the Board are set forth below. 18 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents GERARD J. ARPEY Director since: 2015 Age : 67 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance Finance Mr. Arpey has been a partner in Emerald Creek Group, LLC, a private equity firm based in Southern California, since 2012. Mr. Arpey previously served as CEO of AMR Corporation, a global airline holding company, and its subsidiary American Airlines, from 2003 until his retirement in 2011. From 2004 through his retirement, he also served as Chairman of the AMR Board of Directors. Mr. Arpey also previously served as American Airlines President and COO, Senior Vice President of Finance and Planning, and CFO. Mr. Arpey currently serves on the board of directors of S. C. Johnson Son, Inc., a privately-held company, and as a trustee of the American Beacon Funds. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Arpey brings to the Board extensive organizational management, strategic, financial, governance, and international experience from his service as chairman, chief executive officer, and chief financial officer of one of the largest global airlines and service as a director of public and private companies. Other U.S. Public Company Board Memberships in Past Five Years: None ARI BOUSBIB Director since: 2007 Age: 65 Committees: Audit Finance (Chair) Mr. Bousbib serves as Chairman and CEO of IQVIA Holdings Inc., a leading global provider of advanced analytics, technology solutions and contracted research services to the life sciences industry. He assumed this position in October 2016 following the merger of IMS Health Holdings, Inc. ( IMS Holdings ) and Quintiles Transnational Holdings, Inc. From 2010 to October 2016, Mr. Bousbib served as Chairman and CEO of IMS Health Incorporated ( IMS Health ), a subsidiary of IMS Holdings, and he also served as Chairman, CEO and President of IMS Holdings since its initial public offering in 2014. Prior to joining IMS Health, Mr. Bousbib spent 14 years at United Technologies Corporation ( UTC ), a commercial aerospace, defense and building industries company. From 2008 until 2010, he served as President of UTC s Commercial Companies, including Otis Elevator Company ( Otis ), Carrier Corporation, UTC Fire Security and UTC Power. From 2002 until 2008, Mr. Bousbib was President of Otis, and from 2000 until 2002, he served as its COO. Prior to joining UTC, Mr. Bousbib was a partner at Booz Allen Hamilton, a global management and technology consulting firm. Skills and Qualifications: In serving on our Board, Mr. Bousbib draws from his experience with managing large, sophisticated businesses, including oversight of extensive global operations, as well as strategic, finance, human capital management, and supply chain matters. He plays a key role in the Board s oversight of the Company s supply chain, international and finance matters, and provides insight into the development of corporate strategy. Other U.S. Public Company Board Memberships in Past Five Years: IQVIA Holdings Inc. (2016 to present) The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents JEFFERY H. BOYD Director since: 2016 Age: 69 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Finance Mr. Boyd has served as Managing Director of Compleat Angler Capital, LLC, a strategic investment firm, since 2014. He served in several senior executive positions during his long and successful tenure at Booking Holdings Inc. ( Booking ), a leading provider of online travel and related services. Under his strategic leadership, Booking grew from posting a loss in 2002 to becoming a multi-billion dollar profitable business. He served as Chairman of the Board of Booking from June 2018 to June 2020, and from January 2017 to June 2018, he served as Booking s Executive Chairman. Prior to January 2017, Mr. Boyd served in a number of roles of increasing responsibility at Booking, including as its President and CEO from November 2002 until December 2013, Chairman from January 2013 to December 2016, and interim CEO and President during a portion of 2016. Mr. Boyd was Booking s President and Co-CEO from August 2002 to November 2002; its Chief Operating Officer from November 2000 to August 2002; and its Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from January 2000 to October 2000. Prior to joining Booking, Mr. Boyd was Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Oxford Health Plans, Inc. Skills and Qualifications : Mr. Boyd brings to our Board extensive experience in international e-commerce, sales, and digital marketing, as well as proven leadership, corporate governance and strategic management skills. His e-commerce experience provides valuable insights into the continued execution and evolution of our interconnected retail strategy. Other U.S. Public Company Board Memberships in Past Five Years: CLEAR (2021 to present) Oscar Health, Inc. (2021 to present) Booking Holdings Inc. (2001 to 2021) GREGORY D. BRENNEMAN Director since: 2000 Age: 64 Lead Director Mr. Brenneman, our Lead Director, serves as Executive Chairman of CCMP Capital Advisors, LP ( CCMP ), a private equity firm with over $3 billion under management, a position he has held since October 2016. He previously served as Chairman of CCMP from 2008 until October 2016 and as its President and CEO from February 2015 until October 2016. He is also Chairman and CEO of TurnWorks, Inc., a private equity firm focusing on corporate turnarounds, which he founded in 1994. Prior to joining CCMP, Mr. Brenneman led restructuring and turnaround efforts at Quiznos, Burger King Corporation, PwC Consulting, a division of PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ), and Continental Airlines, Inc. that resulted in improved customer service, profitability, and financial performance. Skills and Qualifications : As a successful business leader who has been involved in several well-known corporate spin-off and turnaround-driven transformations, Mr. Brenneman has an extensive background in general management of large organizations and expertise in accounting and corporate finance, retail, supply chain, marketing, technology and innovation, B2B, and international matters. In addition, his directorships at other public companies provide him with broad experience on governance issues. Other U.S. Public Company Board Memberships in Past Five Years: Baker Hughes Company (2017 to present) Ecovyst Inc. (formerly PQ Group Holdings Inc.) (2017 to 2022) Hayward Holdings, Inc. (2021 to 2023) 20 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents J. FRANK BROWN Director since: 2011 Age: 69 Audit Committee Financial Expert Committees: Audit (Chair) Finance Mr. Brown is a seasoned executive who served in various roles with General Atlantic LLC ( General Atlantic ), a global growth equity firm investing in innovative and technology-driven companies. He served as Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer from 2020 until his retirement at the end of 2021, after which he served as an advisor through the end of 2024. From 2011 through 2019, he served as Managing Director and COO of General Atlantic. From 2006 to 2011, Mr. Brown was Dean of INSEAD, an international business school with campuses in France, Singapore and Abu Dhabi. Before his appointment as Dean of INSEAD, he served as a member of its Board and as Chairman of its U.S. Council. Prior to his tenure at INSEAD, Mr. Brown spent 26 years at PwC, where he held a series of leadership roles, including head of its Assurance and Business Advisory Service, Transactions Services, and Corporate Development practices, and ultimately the leader of its $3.5 billion Advisory Services operating unit. He also launched PwC s Genesis Park, a leadership development program to train the next generation of global leaders within the firm. Mr. Brown is a trustee of The Asia Society and Bucknell University, and he is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is also an author and frequent speaker on leadership. Skills and Qualifications : Mr. Brown is a seasoned international business and academic leader whose strong technical expertise in financial and accounting matters qualifies him as an audit committee financial expert under SEC guidelines. In addition, his role at General Atlantic provided insight into risk management, real estate, human capital management, cybersecurity, and e-commerce. Other U.S. Public Company Board Memberships in Past Five Years: None EDWARD P. DECKER Director since: 2022 Age: 63 Chair, President and CEO Mr. Decker has served as our Chair since October 2022 and as our President and CEO since March 2022. Prior to assuming the role of CEO, he served as our President and COO from October 2020 through February 2022, where he was responsible for global store operations, global sourcing operations, global supply chain, outside sales and service, and real estate, as well as merchandising, marketing and online strategy. From August 2014 to October 2020, he served as Executive Vice President Merchandising, where he was responsible for merchandising strategy, marketing, vendor management, and in-store environment. From October 2006 through July 2014, he served as Senior Vice President Retail Finance, Pricing Analytics, and Assortment Planning. Mr. Decker joined The Home Depot in 2000 and held various strategic planning roles, including as Vice President Strategic Business Development from November 2002 to April 2006 and Senior Vice President Strategic Business and Asset Development from April 2006 to September 2006. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Decker held various positions in strategic planning, business development, finance, and treasury at Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Scott Paper Company, and PNC Bank. Skills and Qualifications : With over two decades of experience with the Company, Mr. Decker brings to our Board extensive retail experience and knowledge of our business, including leadership experience in retail operations, merchandising, marketing, e-commerce, supply chain, real estate, strategic business development, finance, vendor management, organizational development, and international matters. Other U.S. Public Company Board Memberships in Past Five Years: None The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents WAYNE M. HEWETT Director since: 2014 Age: 61 Committees: Leadership Development and Compensation (Chair) Audit Mr. Hewett is a seasoned executive leader who has worked across a number of industries. Since March 2018, he has served as a senior advisor to Permira, a global private equity firm. Since December 2019, he has also served as Chairman of Cambrex Corporation, a contract developer and manufacturer of active pharmaceutical ingredients; and since October 2023 he has served as Chairman of Quotient Sciences, a drug development and manufacturing accelerator, both of which are Permira portfolio companies. In March 2023, he joined the board of managers of ASP Resins Holdings LP, a private company that produces adhesives and performance materials. From March 2018 to December 2021, he served as Chairman of DiversiTech Corporation, a manufacturer and supplier of HVAC equipment. From August 2015 to November 2017, Mr. Hewett served as CEO of Kl ckner Pentaplast Group, a packaging supplier. From January 2010 to February 2015, he served as President, CEO and a member of the board of directors of Arysta LifeScience Corporation ( Arysta ), a privately-held crop protection and life science company. In February 2015, Arysta was acquired by Platform Specialty Products Corporation, a global producer of high technology specialty chemical products, where Mr. Hewett served as President until August 2015. Mr. Hewett s career has also included over 20 years with General Electric Company ( GE ), including leadership roles in various GE business units and membership on GE s Corporate Executive Council. Skills and Qualifications : Mr. Hewett brings to our Board extensive experience in general management, finance, risk management, supply chain, operational, B2B, sustainability, and international matters. He has significant experience executing company-wide initiatives across large organizations, developing proprietary products, optimizing a supply chain, and using emerging technologies to provide new products and services to customers. Other U.S. Public Company Board Memberships in Past Five Years: Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. (2025 to present) United Parcel Service, Inc. (2020 to present) Wells Fargo Company (2019 to present) 22 The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents MANUEL KADRE Director since: 2018 Age: 60 Committees: Audit Finance Mr. Kadre is Chairman and CEO of Kollective Auto Group (formerly known as MBB Auto Group), a premium luxury retail automotive group with a number of dealerships in the Northeast and Texas, a position he has held since 2012. Mr. Kadre also serves as Chairman of the Board of Republic Services, Inc., an industry leader in U.S. recycling and non-hazardous solid waste disposal, and as the lead director of NeueHealth, Inc., a healthcare company. Prior to his role with Kollective Auto Group, he was the CEO of Gold Coast Caribbean Importers, LLC from July 2009 until 2014. From 1995 until July 2009, Mr. Kadre served in various roles, including President, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, for CC1 Companies, Inc., a distributor of beverage products in markets throughout the Caribbean. Mr. Kadre also serves as Chair of the Board of Trustees of the University of Miami. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Kadre brings significant chief executive and senior management expertise to our Board, along with financial, strategic, international, human capital management, and real estate experience. His service on other boards, including experience serving in chairman and lead independent director roles of other public companies, further enhances our Board s capabilities in the areas of management oversight, corporate governance and board dynamics. Other U.S. Public Company Board Memberships in Past Five Years: Republic Services, Inc. (2014 to present) NeueHealth, Inc. (formerly Bright Health Group, Inc.) (2021 to 2025) Mednax, Inc. (2007 to 2022) STEPHANIE C. LINNARTZ Director since: 2018 Age: 58 Committees: Audit Leadership Development and Compensation Ms. Linnartz served as the President, CEO and a member of the board of directors of Under Armour, Inc. ( Under Armour ), a leading sportswear company, from February 2023 through March 2024. From 2021 through February 2023, Ms. Linnartz served as the President of Marriott International, Inc. ( Marriott ), the world s largest hospitality company with the travel industry s largest customer-loyalty program, Marriott Bonvoy TM , and some of the most iconic brands in travel, where she was responsible for developing and executing all aspects of the company s global strategy. She served as Group President, Consumer Operations, Technology Emerging Businesses for Marriott from 2020 to 2021, and as Marriott s Executive Vice President and Global Chief Commercial Officer from 2013 to 2019. Ms. Linnartz joined Marriott as a financial analyst in 1997, and during her tenure held positions in operations, finance, revenue management, sales, distribution, development, and technology and digital over the years. Under her leadership, Marriott launched a new premium home rental offering and expanded its consumer offerings to include travel categories beyond hotels. Prior to joining Marriott, Ms. Linnartz worked for the Hilton Hotels Corporation. Skills and Qualifications : Through her role at Under Armour, Ms. Linnartz brings additional retail and executive leadership experience to our Board. In her role at Marriott, Ms. Linnartz was responsible for providing strategic leadership for all aspects of Marriott s global strategy, giving her experience across a range of business functions, including brand management, sales (including e-commerce), loyalty strategies, customer engagement, technology and innovation, data protection and cybersecurity, human capital management, real estate development, and sustainability. Her experience, along with her strong financial background, enhances the Board s oversight of our interconnected retail strategy and the investments we are making for our customer experience, and the needs of a B2B business. Other U.S. Public Company Board Memberships in Past Five Years: Under Armour, Inc. (2023 to 2024) The Home Depot 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents PAULA A. SANTILLI Director since: 2022 Age: 61 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance Finance Ms. Santilli served as the CEO, Latin America Foods, for PepsiCo, Inc. ( PepsiCo ), a consumer products company, from January 2025 until December 2025. She will be retiring from PepsiCo in 2026. Prior to this role, Ms. Santilli served as CEO, Latin America, from 2019 to 2024. Previously she served in various leadership positions at PepsiCo Mexico Foods, serving as President from 2017 to 2019, COO from 2016 to 2017, and Vice President and General Manager from 2011 to 2016. Prior to joining PepsiCo Mexico Foods, she held a variety of roles, including leadership positions, with PepsiCo in Mexico and in the Latin America Southern Cone region comprising Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay. Ms. Santilli joined PepsiCo in 2001 following PepsiCo s acquisition of the Quaker Oats Company, where she held various roles of increasing responsibility from 1992 to 2001, including running the regional Quaker Foods and Gatorade businesses in Argentina, Chile and Uruguay. Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Santilli brings extensive experience in oversight of general management, retail, e-commerce, finance, marketing, supply chain, technology and innovation, sustainability, and international operations, as well as expertise in the human capital management and compensation needs of a complex sales organization, from her time at PepsiCo. She also contributes to the general strategic management experience of the Board . Other U.S. Public Company Board Memberships in Past Five Years: None CARYN SEIDMAN-BECKER Director since: 2022 Age: 53 Committees: Leadership Development and Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Ms. Seidman-Becker has served as the CEO of CLEAR, a secure identity platform operating in travel, healthcare, sports and entertainment, since she and a co-founder purchased and relaunched its predecessor, Alclear Holdings, LLC, in 2010. She also serves as the Chair of CLEAR s board of directors. Prior to CLEAR, Ms. Seidman-Becker founded and served as the managing partner of Arience Capital, a value-oriented asset management firm with over $1 billion in assets, focused on investing in companies across a broad range of industries, including consumer, technology, aerospace and defense and turnarounds. Prior to Arience Capital, she served as managing director at Iridian Asset Management, an investment advisor firm, and assistant vice president at Arnhold and S. Blei