=== HD_2026-03-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors , and elsewhere in this report and also as described from time to time in reports subsequently filed with the SEC. You should read such information in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report. There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described herein, generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. Such factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements other than as required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our filings with the SEC and in our other public statements. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K iii Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. INTRODUCTION The Home Depot, Inc. is the world s largest home improvement retailer based on net sales for fiscal 2025. We offer our customers a wide assortment of home improvement products, building materials, lawn and garden products, d cor products, and facilities MRO products, in stores and online. We also provide a number of services, including home improvement installation services, and tool and equipment rental. As of the end of fiscal 2025, we o perated 2,359 stor es located throughout the U.S. (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the territories of the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam), Canada, and Mexico. The Home Depot stores average approximately 104,000 square feet of enclosed space, with approximately 24,000 additional square feet of outside garden area. We also maintain a network of distribution and fulfillment centers, as well as mobile applications and e-commerce websites in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For disclosure purposes, the geographic operating segments of the U.S., Canada and Mexico are aggregated into one reportable segment (the Primary segment ). In fiscal 2024, we acquired SRS, a leading residential specialty trade distribution company across several verticals engaged in the distribution of residential and commercial roofing products and complementary building products, landscape supplies, and swimming pool supplies serving the professional roofer, landscaper, and pool contractor. In fiscal 2025, SRS completed the acquisition of GMS, a leading distributor of specialty building products, including drywall, ceilings, steel framing and other complementary construction products. At the end of fiscal 2025, SRS, which includes GMS, operated over 1,250 locations throughout the U.S. and Canada, most of which have a distribution center, material handling and delivery equipment, and inventory. Following the GMS acquisition, SRS is organized as four different lines of business: roofing and building products, interior and construction products, landscape, and pool. Each line of business was determined to represent an operating segment, none of which are deemed reportable segments. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, when we refer to The Home Depot, Home Depot, the Company, we, us or our in this report, we are referring to The Home Depot, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Home Depot, Inc. is a Delaware corporation that was incorporated in 1978. Our Store Support Center (corporate headquarters) is located at 2455 Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30339. Our telephone number at that address is (770) 433-8211. OUR BUSINESS OUR STRATEGY The Home Depot is focused on leveraging its distinct competitive advantages our brand, excellent customer service, product authority in home improvement, knowledgeable associates and culture, scale, premier real estate portfolio, digital and interconnected experience, supply chain network, and our deep relationships with Pros to take advantage of the significant growth opportunities in the highly fragmented markets in which we operate. In fiscal 2025, we strategically invested across our business to advance our growth strategy: Drive our core and culture by supporting our associates so that they can deliver the best customer experience in home improvement; Deliver a frictionless interconnected customer experience, regardless of whether our customers choose to engage and shop with us in-store or through our digital properties; and Win with Pros through our differentiated value proposition and ecosystem of capabilities. We believe that this strategy will help us grow faster than the market and deliver value to our shareholders. Driven by our core values, our Inverted Pyramid model reminds us who matters most our customers and our associates. These values, embedded in our culture since the Company s founding, continue to guide us as our business evolves. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 1 Table of Contents DELIVER SHAREHOLDER VALUE We seek to deliver on our objective to create shareholder value through our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our capital allocation principles are as follows: First, we intend to reinvest in our business to drive growth faster than the market. Second, after reinvesting in the business, we look to pay a quarterly dividend. Third, after reinvesting in our business and paying our dividend, we intend to return excess cash to our shareholders through share repurchases. In fiscal 2025, we invested $3.7 billion in capital expenditures across initiatives supporting our strategy of driving our core and culture, including building new stores and maintaining existing stores, delivering a frictionless, interconnected experience, and winning with Pros. SRS also acquired GMS to accelerate the vision of becoming a leading, multi-category building materials distributor. We continue to focus on driving productivity throughout the business, including by leveraging technology to drive efficiency in freight flow management, supply chain optimization, and streamlining central processes. By reinvesting in our business to drive growth and productivity, we are able to improve the customer experience, increase our competitiveness in the market, and deliver shareholder value. In fiscal 2025, we returned $9.2 billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividends, following a 2.2% increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $2.25 per share to $2.30 per share announced in February 2025. Our capital allocation is discussed further in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. OUR CUSTOMERS We serve two primary customer groups consumers (including both DIY and DIFM customers) and Pros and have developed varying approaches to meet their diverse needs: DIY Customers These customers are typically homeowners who purchase products and complete their own projects and installations. Our associates assist these customers both in our stores and through digital resources designed to provide product and project knowledge. We also offer a variety of clinics and workshops to share this knowledge and to build an emotional connection with our DIY customers. As the preferences and behaviors of our DIY customers change, we are continuing to invest in capabilities to better meet their evolving expectations. Pros These customers are primarily professional renovators/remodelers, general contractors, homebuilders, maintenance professionals, handymen, property managers, building service contractors and specialty tradespeople, such as electricians, landscapers, insulation installers, plumbers, painters, pool contractors, roofers, and wallboard and ceiling installers. These customers build, renovate, remodel, repair, and maintain residential properties, multifamily properties, hospitality properties, and commercial facilities, including educational, healthcare, governmental, institutional, and office buildings, as well as data centers. We have a number of initiatives designed to drive growth with Pros, including those working on both simple and complex projects. We remain focused on providing a customized digital experience tailored to Pros needs, a dedicated sales force, a broad and deep assortment of Pro-focused products and brands, an extensive delivery network, our Pro Xtra loyalty program, and enhanced credit offerings. Building on our historical strength as a destination for all Pros, we are continuing to invest in differentiated capabilities that will help us better serve our Pros needs, including differentiated fulfillment options, preferred pricing, additional trade credit offerings including our Pro Trade Credit program, more convenient locations and showroom space, and technology tools designed to streamline order management and project planning and management. In fiscal 2024, we acquired SRS, which sells products to specialty trade roofers, landscapers, and pool contractors. The acquisition of GMS by SRS in fiscal 2025 further expanded our ability to serve Pros by adding specialty interior building products such as wallboard, ceilings, steel framing and complementary products for residential and commercial projects. We also provide MRO products and related value-added services to multifamily, hospitality, healthcare, and government housing facilities, among others, primarily through our subsidiary HD Supply. We believe these investments in differentiated capabilities support our goal to serve as the preferred partner for our Pros across their entire project, giving them the choice to streamline their purchasing to optimize efficiency and complete their jobs on time and on budget. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 2 Table of Contents DIFM Customers Intersecting our DIY customers and our Pros are our DIFM customers. These customers are typically homeowners who use Pros to complete their projects or installations. Currently, we offer installation services in a variety of categories, such as flooring, water heaters, bath, garage doors, cabinets, cabinet makeovers, countertops, sheds, furnaces and central air systems, windows, and window coverings. DIFM customers can purchase these services in our stores, online, or in their homes through in-home consultations. In addition to serving our DIFM customer needs, we believe our focus on Pros who perform services for these customers helps us drive higher product sales. OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES A typical Home Depot store stocks approximately 30,000 to 40,000 items during the year, including both national brand name and proprietary products, across the following merchandising departments: Appliances, Bath, Building Materials, Electrical, Flooring, Hardware, Indoor Garden, Kitchen Blinds, Lighting, Lumber, Millwork, Outdoor Garden, Paint, Plumbing, Power, and Storage Organization. Our online product offerings complement our stores by serving as an extended aisle, and we offer a significantly broader product assortment through our mobile applications and websites, including homedepot.com, our primary website; homedepot.ca and homedepot.com.mx, our websites in Canada and Mexico, respectively; hdsupply.com, our website for our MRO products and related services; our websites for custom window coverings, including blinds.com, justblinds.com and americanblinds.com; constructionresourcesusa.com, our website for design-oriented surfaces, appliances and architectural specialty products for Pros; thecompanystore.com, our website featuring textiles and d cor products; and srsdistribution.com, heritagelandscapesupplygroup.com, heritagepoolsupplygroup.com, and gms.com, our websites serving the roofing and exterior building materials, landscape, pool product, and interior building product needs of specialty trade Pros, respectively. Our merchandising organization delivers product innovation, assortment and value, which reinforces our position as the product authority in home improvement and is one of our distinctive competitive advantages. At the same time, we remain focused on offering the right products at everyday value in our stores and online. The strong strategic relationships that our merchandising organization builds with our vendors position us to deliver on our goals for our customers and offer a compelling business proposition for these market-leading suppliers. As part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with certain suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. We have also developed relationships with certain suppliers to allow us to offer proprietary products that are comparable to national brands. These proprietary products help differentiate us from other retailers and generally carry higher margins than national brand products. To keep pace with changing customer expectations and increasing desire for innovation, localization, and personalization, we continue to invest in tools to better leverage our data and drive a deeper level of collaboration with our suppliers. As a result, we continue to focus on enhanced merchandising information technology tools to help us: (1) enhance an interconnected shopping experience tailored to our customers shopping intent and location; (2) provide the best value in the market; and (3) optimize our product assortments. Our merchandising team leverages technology and works closely with our inventory and supply chain teams, as well as our suppliers, to manage our assortments, drive innovation, manage the cost environment, and adjust inventory levels to respond to shifts in demand. To complement our merchandising efforts, we offer a number of services for our customers, including installation services for our DIY and DIFM customers, as noted above. We also provide tool and equipment rentals at many locations, providing value and convenience for both Pros and consumers. To improve the customer experience and continue to grow this differentiated service offering, we continue to invest in more tool rental locations, more tools, and better technology. Sourcing and Quality Assurance We maintain a global sourcing program to obtain high-quality and innovative products directly from manufacturers in the U.S. and around the world. For many years, we have worked to diversify our global supply chain. During fiscal 2025, in addition to our U.S. sourcing operations, we maintained sourcing offices in Mexico, Canada, India, Vietnam, Taiwan and China, as well as certain locations in Europe. Under our standard supplier buying agreement, our suppliers are obligated to ensure that their products comply with applicable international, federal, state and local laws. This standard agreement also requires compliance with our responsible sourcing standards, which cover a variety of expectations, including supply chain transparency, compliance with applicable laws and regulations addressing prohibitions on child and forced labor, health and safety, environmental matters, compensation, and hours of work. To drive accountability with our suppliers, our standard supplier buying agreement also includes a factory audit right related to these standards, and we conduct risk-based factory audits and compliance visits with Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 3 Table of Contents non-Canada and non-U.S. suppliers of private branded and direct import products. Our 2025 Responsible Sourcing Report, available on our Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under Sustainability, provides more information about this program. In addition, we have both quality assurance and engineering resources dedicated to establishing criteria and overseeing compliance with safety, quality, and performance standards for our private branded products. Intellectual Property Our business has one of the most recognized brands in North America. As a result, we believe that The Home Depot trademark has significant value and is an important factor in the marketing of our products, e-commerce, stores and business. We have registered or applied for registration of trademarks, service marks, copyrights and internet domain names, both domestically and internationally, for use in our business, including our proprietary brands such as HDX , Husky , Hampton Bay , Home Decorators Collection , Glacier Bay , Vigoro , Everbilt and Lifeproof . The duration of trademark registrations varies from country to country. However, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. We also maintain patent portfolios relating to our business operations, retail services, and products, and we seek to patent or otherwise protect innovations we incorporate into our business. Patents generally have a term of twenty years from the date they are filed. As our patent portfolio has been built over time, the remaining terms of individual patents across our patent portfolio vary. Although our patents have value, no single patent is essential to our business. We regularly assess our merchandising departments and product lines for opportunities to expand the assortment of products offered within The Home Depot s portfolio of proprietary and exclusive brands. COMPETITION AND SEASONALITY Our industry is highly competitive, highly fragmented, and evolving. As a result, we face competition for customers for our products and services from a variety of retailers (including those operating reseller marketplaces), suppliers, service providers, distributors and manufacturers that sell products directly to their respective customer bases. These competitors range from traditional brick-and-mortar, to multichannel, to exclusively online, and they include a number of other home improvement retailers; local, regional and national hardware stores; electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. With respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, paint stores, specialty and mass digital retailers, warehouse clubs, MRO distributors, national and local wholesale supply distributors, home d cor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of home improvement services and tool and equipment rental. Online and other digital capabilities, as well as AI tools, facilitate competitive entry, price transparency, and comparison shopping, increasing the level of competition we face. Both in-store and online, we compete primarily based on customer experience; price; quality; product availability, assortment, and innovation; and delivery options and capabilities. We also compete based on store and branch location and appearance, presentation of merchandise, and ease of shopping experience throughout every step of the project, from inspiration and research to any post-purchase support. Our Pros also look for dedicated sales support, competitive credit and pricing options, project planning tools, professional and reliable deliveries, and product depth and job-lot quantities, particularly for their complex project needs. Furthermore, with respect to delivery options, customers are seeking faster and/or guaranteed delivery times, real-time updates on delivery status, low-price or free shipping, and/or convenient pickup options. Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options and costs depends on many factors, as described more fully under Our Supply Chain below, and our interconnected strategy. Our business is subject to seasonal influences. Generally, our highest volume of sales occurs in our second fiscal quarter, as we move into the spring season in the regions in which we operate. INTERCONNECTED SHOPPING EXPERIENCE We continue to enhance our capabilities to provide our customers with a frictionless interconnected shopping experience across our stores, branches, online, on the job site, and in their homes, focusing on continued investments in our mobile applications and websites to enhance the customer experience. When we discuss the interconnected experience, we are referring to our customers many touchpoints across our physical and digital assets throughout their entire shopping journey. Home Depot is primarily a project retailer, and it is our goal to help customers solve problems across their entire project. We aim to provide the best experience across our physical and digital assets, throughout the entire shopping journey from inspiration to post-purchase support, and we believe that engagement with customers across different touchpoints has driven increases in sales. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 4 Table of Contents Digital Experience Enhancements to our digital platforms are critical for our increasingly interconnected customers, who often research products and check available inventory online before visiting one of our stores to view products in person or talk to an associate and then making their purchase either in store or online. While in the store, or following a visit to one of our stores, customers may also go online to access ratings and reviews, compare prices, view our extended assortment, and purchase additional products. Our investments in a truly interconnected experience are focused on bringing together the power of our physical presence and the frictionless interaction of our digital capabilities. A significant majority of the traffic in Home Depot s digital channels is on mobile devices. Mobile users expect more simplicity and relevancy in their digital interactions. In addition to supporting our DIY and DIFM customers throughout their shopping journeys, our mobile applications and other digital tools can also help serve the needs of Pros, including those working on complex projects. As a result, we have invested in our digital platforms to improve the overall presentation and ease of navigation for our customers. We have also enhanced the shopability of an online product by including more information on the product s landing page, including related products and/or parts of a collection, as well as various fulfillment options. In addition, we are leveraging AI tools to improve our search, recommendations, and chat features, and offering new AI-powered customer-facing tools such as Magic Apron TM , which supports customers and associates with online product and project inquiries, and our AI-powered Blueprint Takeoffs Tool and Material List Builder, which generate project-specific materials lists and quotes. We believe our focus on improving search capabilities, digital functionality, category presentation, product content such as customer product review summaries, project inspiration and support, speed to checkout, and fulfillment options has yielded higher traffic, better conversion and continued sales growth. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use, retain, and protect relevant customer data is important to effectively meet their expectations. Further, we do not view the interconnected experience as a specific transaction; rather, we believe it encompasses an entire journey from inspiration and know-how, to purchase and fulfillment, to post-purchase support. Customers continue to expect more personalized messaging, and we remain focused on connecting marketing activities with the online and in-store experiences to create seamless engagement across channels. From the inspirational point of the purchase journey to providing product know-how, we continue to invest in the infrastructure and capabilities needed to deliver the most relevant marketing messages to our customers based on what is important to them today. Store Experience Our stores remain the hub of our business, and we continue to invest to improve the customer shopping experience through easier navigation and increased convenience and speed of checkout. In fiscal 2025, we continued to leverage the investments made in our store experience over the past several years to operate effectively and meet customer expectations, as well as investing in dedicated teams to better meet the needs of our Pros in-store. We have also empowered our customers with additional self-help tools, including mobile application-enabled store navigation and Magic Apron. Our Home Depot mobile application provides store-specific maps that allow customers to pinpoint the exact location of an item on their mobile devices. We also recognize that another critical part of delivering an excellent customer experience in the store is having products on our shelves, and we have enhanced our use of technology such as Computer Vision, which provides greater visibility into where product is located, including both on shelves and in the overhead space, enabling us to drive higher on-shelf availability. We believe these investments are driving higher customer satisfaction scores, and we will continue to invest to improve the customer experience. In addition, we have identified areas that have experienced significant population growth or where market voids exist. In fiscal 2023, we initiated a plan to open approximately 80 new stores over a five-year period to address those opportunities, and in fiscal 2025, w e opened 12 new s tores . We expect to complete this goal of approximately 80 new stores in fiscal 2027, after which point we plan to open approximately 15 to 20 new stores per year. These new stores will continue to help relieve pressure at existing high-volume stores and add capacity in areas with less store coverage, helping us to improve the customer experience and drive sales growth. Investing in the Associate Experience. We continually strive to improve our store operations by removing complexity and inefficient processes, allowing our associates to spend more of their time serving our customers. To this end, we have continued to focus on process improvements like optimizing product flow to improve on-shelf availability and reduce the amount of time store associates spend locating products, as well as expanding in-aisle, real-time mobile learning tools for our associates development and assistance with customer questions. Our associates are also using web-enabled handheld devices to help them more efficiently meet the needs of the business and serve customers. These digital hdPhone devices offer enhanced functionality that allows associates to readily query inventory, access applications that support customer service, and assist with locating products. Our Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 5 Table of Contents hdPhones also give our U.S. Home Depot store associates access to Sidekick, an application that directs associates to bays where product is low or out of stock and helps our associates prioritize the highest value tasks more effectively. In addition, we are using labor model tools to better align associate activity with customer needs. This includes transitioning more of our store tasking to our merchandising execution team (MET), leveraging MET associates expertise to reinforce in-aisle associates focus on excellent customer service. Investing in Safety. We remain committed to maintaining a safe shopping and working environment for our customers and associates. We accomplish this by creating a strong culture of safety, building on our core value of Taking Care of Our People, that starts from the top with engaged leaders who empower associates to make decisions that prioritize the safety of everyone. We use data to identify areas of greatest risk, including emerging risks, and invest in tools, equipment and technology to reduce those risks in our packaging, processes, and behaviors. Our associate training and awareness initiatives target individual roles and responsibilities, integrating with overall strategies that promote physical and psychological safety and emotional wellness. We empower trained EH S associates to continuously evaluate, develop, implement and enforce policies, processes and programs in our stores, facilities and offices across the Company. Our EH S policies are woven into our everyday operations for site, district and regional teams, and integrate with operating platforms to provide safety line-of-sight to associates and their leaders. Common program elements include daily store inspection checklists; routine follow-up audits from our store-based safety team members; preventative maintenance programs to promote equipment and physical space safety; and departmental merchandising safety standards. OUR SUPPLY CHAIN We continue to focus on building best-in-class competitive advantages in our supply chain to be responsive to our customers expectations for how, when and where they choose to receive our products and services. As part of enhancing the interconnected experience, over the past several years, we have invested in our supply chain network with the goal of achieving the fastest, most efficient and most reliable delivery capabilities in home improvement. With that investment now largely complete, our supply chain initiatives have positioned us to operate effectively and meet our customers needs for product availability and fast, reliable delivery. We centrally forecast and replenish the vast majority of our Home Depot store products through sophisticated inventory management systems and utilize our network of distribution centers to serve both our stores and customers needs. Our supply chain includes multiple distribution center platforms in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico that are tailored to meet the needs of our stores and customers based on types of products, location, transportation, and delivery requirements. These include rapid deployment centers, stocking distribution centers, bulk distribution centers, FDCs, and direct fulfillment centers, among others. Over the past several years, we have invested to further automate and mechanize our rapid deployment center network to drive greater efficiency and faster movement of product. We have also enhanced our supply chain network with our expanded fulfillment facilities designed to drive speed and reliability of delivery for our customers. Our 'ship from best location' initiative seeks to optimize delivery speed, reliability, cost, and capacity by leveraging machine learning algorithms to route orders to the optimal fulfillment node. In many markets, we offer same day or next day delivery of a multitude of products through our stores and fulfillment centers. We have market delivery operations that function as local hubs to consolidate freight for dispatch to customers for the final mile of delivery, with a focus on appliances. Because we typically do not stock appliances in our facilities, we have invested in our capabilities to control more of our appliance delivery end-to-end, manage our appliance delivery volume through our market delivery operations, and expand our last mile delivery capacity. We have also opened FDCs that handle large items like lumber and building materials transported on flatbed trucks. We are deploying a new delivery method called FDC Relay, which leverages our existing FDCs to enhance our performance in our current FDC markets and broadens our reach across a greater number of markets. Our network is designed to create a competitive advantage with unique, industry-leading capabilities for home improvement needs for both our Pros and consumers. We will continue to invest in our supply chain network as needed to support our business. In addition to our distribution and fulfillment centers, we leverage our stores as a network of convenient customer pickup, return, and delivery fulfillment locations. We believe our premium real estate footprint provides a distinct competitive advantage. For customers who shop online and want to pick up or return merchandise at a store, or have product delivered from a store, we offer a variety of options: BOSS, BOPIS, BODFS, and BORIS. We also provide curbside pickup to complement our BOPIS offerings, in addition to the self-service lockers at the front entrance of many of our stores. We also offer car and van delivery service from the majority of our U.S. stores. For fiscal 2025, approximately 50% of our U.S. online orders were fulfilled through a store. SRS branch locations throughout the U.S. and Canada also enable deliveries direct to customer job sites on their preferred timelines. We Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 6 Table of Contents continue to focus on developing new capabilities to improve both efficiency and customer experience for delivery from our stores and branches. Our strategic intent is to have a portfolio of efficient, timely and reliable sources and methods of delivery to choose from, optimizing order fulfillment and delivery based on customer needs, inventory locations, and available transportation options. SUSTAINABILITY AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT We view sustainability and human capital management matters through the lens of our business, with an understanding that if we support our associates, our customers, our suppliers, and the communities we serve, we also support our business and create value for our shareholders. Our sustainability and human capital management priorities build on the culture and values on which Home Depot was founded, and our initiatives are embedded in our business strategy and activities. We organize our efforts around three pillars: (1) Focus on Our People, (2) Operate Sustainably, and (3) Strengthen Our Communities. Highlights of each of these pillars are set forth below. For further information on our three pillars, including related goals, see our Fiscal 2024 Living Our Values Report, available on our investor relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com/sustainability. Focus on Our People Our culture and our associates provide intangible and hard-to-replicate competitive advantages, which have been key to helping us navigate challenging market conditions. Our associates are essential to providing the experience and service that our customers expect. To preserve and protect that customer experience, we focus on cultivating a compelling associate experience, which we believe supports our ability to attract and retain our associates. This includes investing in competitive wages and benefits while also providing the culture, tools, training, and development opportunities that make working at The Home Depot an enjoyable and rewarding experience. These actions are the foundation of our core values of Taking Care of our People, Entrepreneurial Spirit, Building Strong Relationships, and Respect for all People. Culture and Values. The Home Depot has a strong commitment to ethics and integrity, and we are a values- and culture-centric business. Our commitment to our core values drives our approach to human capital management. Our culture is based on our servant leadership philosophy represented by the inverted pyramid, which puts primary importance on our customers and our associates by positioning them at the top, with senior management at the base in a support role. We bring our culture to life through our core values, which serve as the foundation of our business and as the guiding principles behind the decisions we make every day. Our values also guide our efforts to create an environment that will help us attract and retain skilled associates in the competitive marketplace for talent. We empower our associates to deliver a superior customer experience by living our values, and we position our associates to embody our core values by integrating the importance of our culture into ongoing development programs and rewards programs. Leaders participate in programs designed to build and strengthen our culture, such as training on leadership skills, cross-functional collaboration, leading with our values, and associate engagement. Our core values are at the root of our human capital management programs. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 7 Table of Contents Our Workforce. At the end of fiscal 2025, we employed approximately 472,400 associates, of whom approximately 53,400 were salaried, with the remainder compensated on an hourly basis. Set forth below is the geographic makeup of our workforce: Geographic Location Number of Associates % of Total Workforce United States 422,500 89.4 % Canada 31,700 6.7 % Mexico 17,800 3.8 % Other (1) 400 0.1 % Total 472,400 100% Note: Certain percentages may not sum to totals due to rounding. (1) Includes associates in our sourcing organization located in India, Italy, Poland, T rkiye, Taiwan, Vietnam and China. Additional information regarding our workforce, including the demographic data for our U.S. associates, can be found in our Fiscal 2024 Living Our Values Report, available on our investor relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com/sustainability. Talent Attraction and Development. As we attract and hire new associates, we strive to create a customer-like experience for jobseekers as they move through the steps of our recruiting process. Jobseekers can apply for roles from anywhere using desktop or mobile devices. Once a jobseeker has applied for a role and has been selected to move forward in the recruiting process, we provide self-service for many of our positions by allowing jobseekers to schedule or reschedule pre-hire activities directly from their mobile device. We offer our associates the opportunity to benefit from robust development opportunities. Our Home Depot University, or HDU, program, is a key part of this development, offering relevant content through multiple platforms, including instructor-led classes, e-learning, mobile learning, and additional online resources. We also invest in ongoing growth and development by providing coaching through continuous leader support and empowering our associates to learn new skills at their own pace through mobile applications that they can access at any time. We equip our leaders with the tools they need to develop themselves and their teams through several programs designed to help them lead effectively, empower their teams, and serve as mentors for our associates. We continually assess and refine our leadership structure throughout the organization to allow our associates to focus on training and development and to better serve our customers. Associate Engagement. Associate engagement is the emotional commitment associates have to The Home Depot. It is vital to our culture and to our success. We foster an engaging workplace by continuously listening to and acting on associate feedback. Throughout the year, we provide several pulse check surveys to our associates that help us understand how emotionally connected those associates feel to our customers, the Company, their jobs, fellow associates, and leaders. In addition, our annual Voice of the Associate survey serves as our primary tool for gauging associates level of engagement within their roles. We use the insights from these surveys to help improve the overall associate experience. We also maintain digital associate engagement platforms that can connect associates with common interests and fuel connections to co-workers and Company leaders. Additionally, we have a number of programs to recognize stores and individual associates for exceptional customer service and demonstrating our core values. Respect For All People. We strive to maintain a culture that welcomes everyone, and we believe it helps us achieve our business goals by driving excellent customer service and innovation, empowering our associates to thrive and excel, and enriching the communities in which we operate. This includes creating an environment where our associates feel valued and respected and providing equal opportunity for all of our associates. Compensation and Benefits. Consistent with our core values, we take care of our people by offering competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits programs. We continue to make wage investments to ensure our compensation packages reflect the evolving circumstances across our markets. For instance, in Fiscal 2025, we made a significant investment in our people by increasing equity awards to our field leadership, including store managers and assistant store managers. Our profit-sharing programs for hourly associates also provide awards for performance against our business plan. Our associates can take advantage of a range of benefits, including healthcare and wellness programs, vacation and leave of absence benefits, including parental leave and paid sick/personal time off, a 401(k) match, our ESPPs, personal finance education and advisory services, assistance programs to help with managing personal and work-life challenges, family support programs, and educational assistance. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 8 Table of Contents Operate Sustainably We have a long-standing commitment to reduce the impact that our operations and products have on the environment, which we believe helps make our business stronger, more agile, and more resilient. This approach extends from the products and services we offer to our customers; to our store construction, maintenance and operations; to our supply chain and packaging initiatives; and to our responsible sourcing program. As we strive to operate sustainably, we focus on sourcing products responsibly, driving innovation, and reducing our environmental impact. Strengthen Our Communities One of our core values is Giving Back, and we support our communities in a number of ways. The Home Depot Foundation, a nonprofit organization supported by Home Depot and our suppliers, focuses on improving the homes and lives of U.S. veterans, assisting communities affected by natural disasters, and helping prepare more people for careers in the skilled trades. The Company and The Home Depot Foundation partner with industry leaders through our Path to Pro programs on training programs to develop the next generation of skilled tradespeople and help them find careers in the home improvement industry, which includes a Home Depot-powered career networking site to connect jobseekers with Pros looking to hire skilled tradespeople. Our Team Depot associate volunteers also extend the mission of The Home Depot Foundation in communities across the country, donating thousands of volunteer hours each year to serve the needs of our communities. We also partner with a variety of suppliers and organizations to further support our efforts to strengthen the communities where our customers and associates live. GOVERNMENT REGULATION As a company with both U.S. and international operations, we are subject to the laws of the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position as compared to prior periods. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our primary internet website is www.homedepot.com. We make available on the Investor Relations section of our website, free of charge, our filings with the SEC. These filings include our annual reports to shareholders, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and Forms 3, 4 and 5 for our directors and certain of our officers, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such documents with, or furnishing such documents to, the SEC. We include website addresses throughout this report for reference only. The information contained on our websites, including any document posted on or accessible through them, is not incorporated by reference into this report. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. These disclosures reflect the Company s beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect the Company and its securities in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past or their likelihood of occurring in the future. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impact our business operations. Should any of these risks materialize, our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects could be negatively impacted, which in turn could affect the trading value of our securities. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8. STRATEGIC RISKS A positive brand and reputation are critical to our business success, and, if our brand and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, associates and jobseekers, suppliers, service providers, vendors, shareholders, regulators, and the communities we serve, and, consequently, our business, results of operations and the price of our stock. Our brand and reputation are critical to attracting customers, associates and jobseekers, suppliers, service providers, and vendors to do business with us. We must continue to manage and protect our brand and reputation. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 9 Table of Contents Negative incidents can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us, regardless of its accuracy, the reputability of its source and whether we are involved in the incident, could damage our brand and reputation; undermine our customers confidence in us; reduce demand for our products and services, including as a result of boycotts; affect our ability to recruit, engage, motivate and retain associates; attract regulatory scrutiny or investigations; lead to litigation; and impact our relationships with current and potential suppliers and vendors. Third party actions, including our suppliers , service providers , and vendors business practices and positions, may also be attributed to us, regardless of the Company s actions, meaning the actions of third parties pose similar risks to our brand and reputation. Partnerships with celebrities and social media content creators may also expose us to brand and reputational risks. Further, our actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, governance, political, public policy, regulatory, economic, geopolitical, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation with certain groups and attract regulatory scrutiny, investigations, litigation, or boycotts. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of initiatives or goals related to these matters, or for any revisions to or failure to achieve these goals on a timely basis or at all. If data, processes, and reporting related to these matters are incomplete or inaccurate, we could face regulatory scrutiny or investigations, litigation and/or adverse reputational impacts. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback and information about the Company, including our products and services, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. Negative sentiment about the Company shared over social media, or misinformation from fraudulent accounts impersonating the Company, could impact our brand and reputation, whether or not it is based in fact. Strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share. Our industry is highly competitive, highly fragmented, and evolving. As a result, we face competition for customers for our products and services from a variety of retailers (including those operating reseller marketplaces), suppliers, service providers, distributors and manufacturers that sell products directly to their respective customer bases. These competitors range from traditional brick-and-mortar, to multichannel, to exclusively online, and they include a number of other home improvement retailers; local, regional and national hardware stores; electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. With respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, paint stores, specialty and mass digital retailers, warehouse clubs, MRO distributors, national and local wholesale supply distributors, home d cor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of home improvement services and tool and equipment rental. Online and other digital capabilities, as well as AI tools, facilitate competitive entry, price transparency, and comparison shopping, increasing the level of competition we face. We compete primarily based on customer experience; price; quality; product availability, assortment, and innovation; and delivery options and capabilities, both in-store and online. We also compete based on store and branch location and appearance, presentation of merchandise, and ease of shopping experience throughout every step of the customer s project, from inspiration and research to any post-purchase support. Our Pros also look for dedicated sales support, competitive credit and pricing options, project planning tools, professional and reliable deliveries, and product depth and job lot quantities, particularly for their complex project needs. Furthermore, with respect to delivery options, customers are seeking faster and/or guaranteed delivery times, real-time updates on delivery status, low-price or free shipping, and/or convenient pickup options. Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options and costs depends on many factors, including leveraging the momentum of our investments in our supply chain and our interconnected capabilities to further enhance the customer shopping experience. Failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery and pickup options could negatively impact the demand for our products and services and our profit margins. We use our marketing, advertising and promotional programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive landscape. Intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors, such as through aggressive promotional pricing or liquidation events, or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, could adversely affect our prices, our margins, or demand for our products and services. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through the delivery of a superior interconnected experience leveraging both our digital and physical platforms, our market share and our financial performance could be adversely affected. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 10 Table of Contents We may not timely identify or effectively respond to customer needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The success of our business depends on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and shifts in customer preferences, expectations and needs, while also managing appropriate inventory levels in our stores, branches and distribution or fulfillment centers and maintaining an excellent customer experience. These trends include those driven by changes in the macroeconomic or political environment, geopolitical tensions or conflicts, military conflicts, or civil unrest, as well as unexpected weather conditions, natural disasters, or public health issues (including pandemics or quarantines and related impacts) that impact our customers. It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use, retain, and protect relevant customer data is important for effectively meeting their expectations. Our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy, data-driven technologies such as AI, and data security, as well as customer expectations around data collection, retention, and use. In addition, each of our primary customer groups has different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. Customer preferences and expectations related to sustainability of products and operations are also changing. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to attract our customers and meet their individual needs and expectations, it may adversely impact our sales or our market share. Customer expectations about the methods by which they find, evaluate, purchase and receive products or services are also evolving. Customers routinely and increasingly use technology and a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms to rapidly gather inspiration, compare products and prices, read product reviews, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products. New channels and tools to enhance the customer experience appear and change rapidly, and some of those technologies, such as generative and agentic AI tools, may dramatically change customer shopping and buying habits. Our Pros also look for additional capabilities, including dedicated sales support, competitive credit and pricing options, project planning tools, professional and reliable deliveries, and product depth and job lot quantities, particularly for their complex project needs. Once products are purchased, customers seek alternate options for delivery of those products, including advance ordering through digital platforms for Pros, and they often expect quick, timely, and low-price or free delivery, real-time updates on delivery status, and/or convenient pickup or delivery options. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the planning, shopping and purchasing process by continuing to adjust and enhance the online and in-store customer experience as well as our delivery options. The coordinated operation of our network of physical stores, branches, distribution facilities, and online platforms is fundamental to the success of our interconnected strategy. We cannot guarantee that our current or future fulfillment options will be maintained and implemented successfully or that we will be able to meet customer expectations on delivery or pickup times, options and costs. In addition, as our customers continue to leverage our enhanced interconnected and fulfillment options, a greater concentration of online sales with direct fulfillment could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our stores, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-selling of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our overall sales and adversely affect our financial performance. A greater concentration of online sales with direct fulfillment could also impact our profit margins. Failure to provide a relevant and effective customer experience in a timely manner that keeps pace with technological developments and dynamic customer expectations; to maintain appropriate inventory; to provide quick and cost-effective or free delivery alternatives, real-time updates on delivery status, and convenient pickup options; to differentiate the customer experience for our primary customer groups; to effectively implement an appropriately localized merchandising assortment; or to otherwise timely identify or respond to changing customer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The execution of initiatives to deliver our interconnected experience could adversely impact our business operations or financial results, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits. Over the past several years, we have made significant investments to deliver a frictionless interconnected experience, including enhancing and expanding our supply chain, developing differentiated capabilities for our customers, including enhancements and improvements to our digital capabilities, expanding our store base, and making strategic acquisitions. These investments are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected experience; expand our sales to Pros and better address their needs for complex projects; and create the fastest, most efficient, and most reliable delivery network for home improvement products. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 11 Table of Contents Executing our interconnected experience requires continual investment in our operations and information technology systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems and support. In addition, our stores are a critical component of our interconnected experience, serving as the hub of our customers interconnected shopping journey. We have an aging store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. We also need to identify and secure available locations with appropriate characteristics for new stores, branches, and supply chain facilities to ensure we can continue to serve our customers effectively. We must effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of our investments, projects and changes. Failure to continue to make investments to effectively support our strategy and to implement or integrate those investments in the right manner and at the right pace could adversely impact our business operations or financial results. The cost and potential problems, defects of design, and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers, employing new online tools and services, implementing new technologies using AI, implementing and restructuring support systems and processes, securing appropriate store and other facility locations, and addressing impacts on inventory levels, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term, lead to product availability issues, create complexity in our systems and operations and impact our profitability. Our investments to enhance our interconnected experience, including investments in our store base, supply chain, and differentiated capabilities, including our digital assets, might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete, integrate or realize anticipated benefits, any of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. If we are unable to effectively manage and expand our strategic alliances and relationships with certain suppliers of both brand name and proprietary products, we may be unable to effectively execute our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. As part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with certain suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. We have also developed relationships with certain suppliers to allow us to offer proprietary products that are comparable to national brands. These proprietary products help differentiate us from other retailers and generally carry higher margins than national brand products. If we are unable to effectively manage and expand these strategic alliances and relationships, maintain favorable terms with current suppliers, or identify alternative sources for comparable brand name and proprietary products, we may not be able to effectively execute product differentiation, which may impact our sales and gross margin. Additionally, our suppliers business practices and positions may also be attributed to us, regardless of the Company s actions, meaning that controversies regarding our suppliers of brand name or proprietary products could pose risks to our reputation and brand, and may require us to quickly identify alternative sources for comparable products. Our strategic transactions involve risks, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions. We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, investments, alliances, and other growth and market expansion strategies. We generally expect that these transactions will result in sales increases, cost savings, synergies, enhanced capabilities, and/or various other benefits. Assessing the viability and realizing the benefits of these transactions is subject to significant uncertainty. For each of our acquisitions, we need to determine the appropriate level of integration of the target company s products, services, associates, and information technology, financial, human resources, compliance, and other systems and processes, and then successfully manage that integration into our corporate structure. Integration is a complex and time-consuming process, and if the integration is not fully successful or is delayed for a material period of time, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies, cost savings, enhanced capabilities, or other benefits of the acquisition. In addition, the integration of businesses may create increased complexity in our financial systems, internal controls, technology and cybersecurity systems, and operations and may make them more difficult to manage. Even if the target companies are successfully integrated, the acquisitions may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products or services, and expose us to additional or unanticipated risks and liabilities. Strategic transactions may also be subject to significant regulatory uncertainty, and changes in the regulatory landscape may result in additional costs or delays that affect the anticipated outcome of a transaction. Any failure in the execution of a strategic transaction or investment, our approach to the integration of an acquired asset or business, our ability to integrate new associates, or achievement of anticipated synergies or other benefits could result in slower growth, higher than expected costs, the recording of an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets or restructuring costs, and other actions which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 12 Table of Contents OPERATIONAL RISKS A failure of one or more key elements of our technology infrastructure, including associated systems or processes, could adversely affect our business, financial results, and reputation. We rely extensively on our technology infrastructure, including associated information technology systems, applications, processes, and related personnel to operate our day-to-day business and to collect, use, retain, manage, transmit, and protect transactions and data. Some of these systems are managed or provided by third-party service providers, including certain cloud platform providers. In managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of, and consistent access to, systems that provide operational and financial data and capabilities related to sales (both in store and online), customer data, supplier data, associate data, jobseeker data, partner data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service, and post-purchase support. For these information technology systems, applications, and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems, applications or processes, as well as the actions taken to maintain, update, upgrade and patch, could, and on occasion have, impaired their operation and effectiveness or exposed us to security risks. Our technology infrastructure and the third-party systems with which we interact, as well as any systems those third parties utilize, are subject to, and on occasion have experienced, damage, interruption, or malicious activity from a number of causes, including power and other critical infrastructure outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; data or security breaches; internal or external data theft or misuse; cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, smishing, vishing, spyware, denial of service attacks, and ransomware; responsive containment measures by us that may involve voluntarily taking systems offline; natural disasters and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, or other extreme weather events; public health concerns, such as pandemics and quarantines; geopolitical tensions or conflicts, military conflicts, acts of war, terrorism or civil unrest; other systems outages; inadequate or ineffective redundancy; and design or usage errors or malfeasance by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. In addition, as more business activities have shifted online, and as certain of our support center associates work in a remote or hybrid environment, we continue to face an increased risk due to the potential failure of internal or external technology infrastructure as well as increased cybersecurity threats and attempts to breach our security networks. Although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective technology infrastructure and related systems and processes effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of their integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, such efforts are not always successful. As a result, we or our service providers could experience, and on occasion have experienced, errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations or impair data security; prevent us from efficiently accepting or fulfilling orders or providing services to customers; impact our ability to operate or access communications, financial or banking systems; be costly, time-consuming and resource-intensive to remedy; and adversely impact our reputation and relationship with our customers, associates, suppliers, shareholders or regulators. We may have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of any errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service and may have insufficient recourse against service providers who experience such events. In addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our technology infrastructure, systems, processes, and personnel, in certain cases with the assistance of strategic partners and other third-party service providers. These investments involve replacing existing systems, some of which are older, legacy systems that are less flexible and efficient, with successor systems, and updating applications and websites; outsourcing certain technology and business processes to third-party service providers; making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud; maintaining or enhancing legacy systems that are not currently being replaced; designing or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality; or testing, developing and deploying AI tools, including generative AI. These efforts could result, and on occasion have resulted, in significant potential risks, including failure of the technology infrastructure to operate as designed, unexpected impacts on related systems or processes, potential loss or corruption of data, failures in security processes and internal controls, cost overruns, implementation delays or errors, disruption of operations, and the potential inability to meet business and reporting requirements. Any technology infrastructure implementation and transition difficulty may result in operational challenges, security or internal control failures, reputational harm, lost sales, increased costs, or other financial losses that could adversely affect our business, our relationships with our customers, and results of operations. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 13 Table of Contents Disruptions in our customer-facing technology infrastructure could impair our interconnected experience strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences, damage our brand and reputation and adversely impact our sales. Through our technology infrastructure, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and interconnected experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms at each stage of their shopping journey. We use our digital platforms as sales channels for our products and services, as methods of providing inspiration, and as sources of product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to help drive sales. In addition to supporting our DIY and DIFM customers, we make other resources available that are designed to serve the needs of Pros, including those working on complex projects. We also have multiple online communities, digital platforms, and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. The retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, with a significant increase in sales initiated online and via mobile applications in recent years. We may not be successful at managing this increased volume and related delivery options without interruption in the future. Additionally, we must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to a complex, evolving digital and interconnected experience, including adopting AI tools and other technology innovations to better serve our customers. We continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital platforms to provide a personalized, user-friendly interface for our customers. Disruptions, delays, failures, inaccuracies, or other performance issues in or with our customer-facing technology systems, either due to increased volumes, system or other technology modifications, cybersecurity incidents or attacks, information technology outages or other interruptions, launches of new or emerging technologies; or other factors, or a failure of these systems to meet our or our customers expectations, could impair the value they provide, damage our brand and reputation, and adversely impact our sales. Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the availability and distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business, financial results, and reputation. Disruptions within our logistics or supply chain network, such as the industry-wide supply chain challenges that resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect, our ability to receive and deliver inventory in a timely manner, impair our ability to meet customer demand for products, and result in lost sales, increased costs, and/or damage to our reputation. Such disruptions may result, and on occasion have resulted, from damage or destruction to our distribution or fulfillment centers or those of our supply chain service providers; weather-related events; cybersecurity incidents or attacks; information technology outages or other interruptions; natural disasters; international trade disputes, trade policy changes or restrictions, or import- or export-related governmental sanctions or restrictions; customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions; quotas, tariffs or other import-related taxes; strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns; shortages of supply chain labor, including truck drivers; shipping capacity constraints, including shortages of related equipment; raw material or other shortages; third-party contract disputes or inability to maintain favorable contract terms; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; increased costs or unavailability of fuel; political instability; geopolitical tensions or conflicts, or military conflicts or acts of war, as well as any related sanctions or other government or private responses; acts of terrorism; civil unrest; public health issues, including pandemics or quarantines and other related impacts; or other factors beyond our control. In recent years, ports in the U.S. and elsewhere have been impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, strikes, security issues, weather-related events, and natural or man-made disasters. These types of disruptions place strain on the domestic and international supply chain, which has affected in some circumstances, and may in the future negatively affect, the flow or availability of certain products. Even when we are able to find alternate sources for certain products, they may cost more or require us to incur higher transportation costs, which could adversely impact our profitability and financial condition. Increased demand for online purchases of products can impact, and in the past has impacted, our fulfillment operations, as well as those of our third-party carriers, resulting in delays in delivering products to customers and increases in our out-of-stock levels. We and our suppliers have experienced, and may experience in the future, labor shortages at some of our distribution and fulfillment centers both due to the competitive labor market and unexpected events such as pandemics and quarantines. Such labor shortages, whether temporary or sustained, may adversely impact the flow or availability of products to our stores and customers. Any of these circumstances could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased costs, or damage to our reputation, any of which could negatively impact our business performance or financial condition. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 14 Table of Contents Failure to maintain a safe and secure shopping and working environment may adversely impact sales, costs, the customer and associate experience, and our brand and reputation. Our customers and associates expect a safe and secure environment in which to shop and work, and maintaining that environment helps protect against inventory losses (also called shrink ), including due to theft. Like other retailers, we saw heightened shrink in recent years, particularly as a result of organized retail crime. While we have a number of initiatives in place to address shrink, minimize theft, and maintain safety in and around our stores and other facilities, these efforts require operational changes that may increase costs and reduce margins, and they can negatively impact the customer or associate experience. Furthermore, an unsafe environment or negative publicity regarding the Company or regarding incidents in or around our stores and/or other facilities, such as civil unrest, raids, protests, or similar activities, may diminish trust and confidence with customers, associates, and jobseekers, which can adversely impact traffic in our stores, sales, associate recruiting, morale, and retention, and our brand and reputation. If our efforts to maintain the privacy and security of customer, associate, jobseeker, business partner, and Company information are not successful, we could incur substantial costs and reputational damage and could become subject to litigation and enforcement actions. Our business, like that of most retailers, involves the collection, use, retention, management, transmission, and deletion of personal information (including identifiers, localization, internet activity, preferences, and payment information) from our customers, associates, jobseekers, and business partners, as well as confidential Company information. We also work with third-party service providers that provide technology, systems and services that we use in connection with the handling of information. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are vulnerable to continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. Despite our efforts, our cybersecurity risk management processes may not be fully implemented, complied with or effective in preventing or mitigating future cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties, including criminal threat actors, nation-states, or insiders (including associates or contractors engaged in fraudulent or malicious activities), have in the past gained access, and will continue to attempt to gain access, to these systems and data through technical vulnerabilities, breach of security policies, fraud or other means of deceiving or coercing our associates, contractors or third-party service providers, which could jeopardize the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of such information systems or data that we may handle. Hardware, software or applications we develop or obtain from third parties may contain, and on occasion have contained, exploitable vulnerabilities, bugs, or defects in design, maintenance or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. We have experienced and continue to face the ongoing risk of exploitation of our software providers and our software development and implementation process, including from coding and process vulnerabilities and the installation of so-called back doors that provide unauthorized access to systems and data, and through unauthorized access to or theft of our intellectual property. The continued availability of remote or hybrid working arrangements has also expanded the possible attack surface areas and increased risks posed by insider threats, as our interactions with associates, contractors and third-party service providers increasingly occur on information systems, networks and environments over which we have less control and which may be more difficult to monitor. In addition, the risk of cyber-attacks has increased in connection with geopolitical tensions or conflicts and ongoing trade and diplomatic tensions. In light of the conflicts in Europe, the Middle East and South America and other geopolitical events, nation-state actors or their supporters and other politically-motivated actors may launch retaliatory cyber-attacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain and other third-party service provider disruptions, or take other geopolitically-motivated retaliatory actions that may disrupt our business operations, result in data compromise, or both. Nation-state actors have in the past carried out, and may in the future carry out, cyber-attacks to achieve their aims and goals, which may include espionage, monetary gain, disruption, and destruction. Similarly, there may be increased activities by organized or coordinating groups of cyber criminals who seek to attack larger organizations data or systems for their own aims and goals, which can include financial gain. The availability of AI may enable new types of threat actors who may not otherwise have had the capabilities to engage in malicious activity to do so, or may enhance the capabilities of nation-state actors or organizing or coordinating groups to carry out attacks, or may generally enable novel types of attacks to be developed and deployed. Because the techniques that threat actors use to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, including use of stolen passwords, social engineering, phishing, smishing, vishing, identity spoofing (including through the use of emerging technologies such as deep fakes), ransomware or other disruptive and destructive malware, supply chain compromises, insider threats, and man-in-the-middle and denial of service attacks, change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of anomalous activity or compromise, we may be unable to anticipate or detect these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 15 Table of Contents The ever-evolving cybersecurity threat landscape means that we and our third-party service providers and business partners must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of companies we or they acquire. There is no guarantee that the measures we take will be adequate to safeguard against all threats, including vulnerabilities, data security breaches, system compromises or misuses or loss of data. As we have experienced in the past, any significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, jobseeker, business partner, or Company data, could result in significant costs, including costs to investigate, mitigate, and remediate, as well as lost sales, fines, lawsuits, regulatory investigations, and damage to our reputation. Additionally, as we have experienced in the past, we or our third-party service providers may not discover any vulnerability, data security breach, system compromise, or data misuse or loss for a significant period of time after the occurrence of a security incident. When our systems or those of our third-party service providers on which we rely are breached or attacked, we may also suffer, and on some occasions have suffered, an outage, failure, or unavailability of data or information technology systems, cessations of service, and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or attack is being remedied; this may impact data or systems operated by us or by third-party service providers. Furthermore, our cyber insurance coverage may not be adequate for liabilities or costs actually incurred, and we cannot be certain that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage of a future claim. Data governance failures can also adversely affect our reputation and business. Our business depends on our customers , associates , jobseekers , contractors , and business partners willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our customers, associates, jobseekers, contractors, or business partners of our uses of their information or failing to keep our information technology systems and our customers , associates , jobseekers , contractors , and business partners personal information secure from significant attack, theft, damage, loss or unauthorized or unintended disclosure or access, whether as a result of our action or inaction (including human error or malfeasance) or that of our service providers or other third parties, could adversely affect our brand and harm our reputation. The regulatory environment related to data privacy, cybersecurity, and AI and other emerging technologies is constantly changing, with new and increasingly rigorous requirements applicable to our business. The implementation of these requirements has also become more complex. Maintaining our adherence to evolving data privacy and cybersecurity regulatory requirements, including state and international privacy laws, requires significant effort and cost, requires changes to our business practices, and may limit our ability to collect and use certain data for our business operations, including to support the customer experience. In addition, many regulators have indicated an intention to take more aggressive enforcement actions regarding data privacy and cybersecurity matters, and private litigation resulting from such matters is increasing and resulting in progressively larger judgments and settlements. Complying with current or contemplated information security, cybersecurity, data privacy, data protection, and data processing laws and regulations (including reporting and disclosure regimes), or any failure to comply, could cause us to incur substantial costs. As we have experienced in the past, failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to fines, sanctions, governmental investigations, or lawsuits, which could lead to negative publicity and reputational harm, and may cause customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures, data privacy practices, or our business more generally. Our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified associates to provide excellent customer service and to support our strategic initiatives while also controlling our labor costs. Our customers expect a high level of customer service and product knowledge from our associates. To meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, develop and retain a large number of highly qualified associates, including those with specialized product and project knowledge who can help serve our Pros, and maintain a productive relationship with those associates. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous factors, including increased market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates, unemployment levels, and health and other insurance costs; the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, employment, immigration, minimum wage, and healthcare benefits; changing demographics and expectations among the workforce; safety and security in our stores and other facilities; and our brand and reputation within the labor market. We compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and we invest significant resources in training and motivating them to maintain a high level of job satisfaction. These positions often have high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. We have faced and may continue to face additional challenges in recruiting and retaining associates due to wage pressure; flexible scheduling needs; health and safety concerns; and challenges related to a remote or hybrid working environment for associates who work in our support centers. These factors, together with competition among potential employers, have resulted in and may continue to result in Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 16 Table of Contents increased compensation costs, and/or may impair our ability to recruit and retain associates, which could have an adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. A limited number of our associates are represented by labor unions, and we may be subject to future labor union efforts to organize groups of our associates from time to time. If successful, those organizational efforts may decrease our operational flexibility and efficiency, and/or otherwise negatively impact our operations or reputation. In addition, to deliver our interconnected customer experience, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals, to implement our ongoing technology and other investments. The market for these professionals is very competitive. Not providing competitive wages and/or benefits, including remote or hybrid work flexibility, within the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract associates. Additionally, our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the Company s senior leadership, and to effectively motivate, integrate, and retain associates is critical to our business success. If we are unable to attract, develop or retain qualified associates, or manage leadership transitions successfully, our ability to effectively implement our strategy may be negatively impacted, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease, and our financial performance may be adversely affected. We are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit and debit cards, our PLCCs, cash, electronic payments, checks, digital wallets, loan programs including installment loans, trade credit, and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time. As we offer new payment options to our customers, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, and compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. Acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. These rules and requirements may change over time or be reinterpreted, making compliance more difficult, costly, or uncertain. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange fees and other costs to accept these payments, and we may also incur losses, all of which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. If these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised or do not operate as intended, it could disrupt our business. The payment methods that we offer, and the selling channels in which we operate, also subject us to fraud and theft by threat actors, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, including by using means such as AI, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in our sales, payments, and payment processing systems. If we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. Trade credit offerings are an important part of serving Pros, including SRS customers, and we anticipate expanding our Pro Trade Credit program as we further develop our capabilities. If we fail to offer attractive terms or services, or employ underwriting criteria that are not competitive, our ability to grow our sales to these Pros may be adversely impacted. If our Pros are unable to make their payments, we may experience losses. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, or may expect or demand payment methods that we do not currently offer, which could result in competitive disadvantages or require a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs or present other risks. As a result, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Natural disasters, unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions, as well as other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, could impact our operations and financial results, seasonal events such as storms may impact sales compared to prior periods, and the potential impacts of catastrophic or uncharacteristic events may lead to changes in demand or availability of products or cause business interruptions. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, fires, floods, droughts or water scarcity, tornadoes, and earthquakes; unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; public health concerns, such as pandemics and quarantines and related impacts; civil unrest; geopolitical tensions or conflicts, or military conflicts or acts of war, as well as any related sanctions or other government or private responses; or similar disruptions and catastrophic events could have and on occasion have had an adverse effect on our operations and financial performance in a number of ways. These types of events can Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 17 Table of Contents affect consumer spending and confidence and consumers disposable income, particularly with respect to home improvement or construction projects. They can also adversely affect our work force and prevent associates and customers from reaching our stores, branches and other facilities. They can, temporarily or on a long-term basis, disrupt or disable the operations of stores, branches, other facilities and support centers, and portions of our supply chain and distribution network, including causing reductions in the availability of inventory and disruptions of utility services. In addition, these events may affect our information systems and digital platforms, resulting in disruptions to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders; to communicate with our stores, branches, other facilities or support centers or senior management; or to access financial or banking systems. Unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions such as excessive precipitation, warm temperatures during the winter season, or prolonged or extreme periods of warm or cold temperatures could render a portion of our inventory incompatible with customer needs and adversely impact our financial results. Demand for certain of our products has historically been influenced by the occurrence of seasonal events, such as storms. The impact of these events on our sales varies depending on their location, frequency and magnitude. Sustained periods without such events can lead, and in the past have led, to lower sales compared to prior periods. Furthermore, the potential long-term impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions) or transition r