=== HD_2026-03-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. These disclosures reflect the Company’s beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect the Company and its securities in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past or their likelihood of occurring in the future. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impact our business operations. Should any of these risks materialize, our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects could be negatively impacted, which in turn could affect the trading value of our securities. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8. STRATEGIC RISKS A positive brand and reputation are critical to our business success, and, if our brand and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, associates and jobseekers, suppliers, service providers, vendors, shareholders, regulators, and the communities we serve, and, consequently, our business, results of operations and the price of our stock. Our brand and reputation are critical to attracting customers, associates and jobseekers, suppliers, service providers, and vendors to do business with us. We must continue to manage and protect our brand and reputation. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 9 Table of Contents Negative incidents can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us, regardless of its accuracy, the reputability of its source and whether we are involved in the incident, could damage our brand and reputation; undermine our customers’ confidence in us; reduce demand for our products and services, including as a result of boycotts; affect our ability to recruit, engage, motivate and retain associates; attract regulatory scrutiny or investigations; lead to litigation; and impact our relationships with current and potential suppliers and vendors. Third party actions, including our suppliers’, service providers’, and vendors’ business practices and positions, may also be attributed to us, regardless of the Company’s actions, meaning the actions of third parties pose similar risks to our brand and reputation. Partnerships with celebrities and social media content creators may also expose us to brand and reputational risks. Further, our actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, governance, political, public policy, regulatory, economic, geopolitical, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation with certain groups and attract regulatory scrutiny, investigations, litigation, or boycotts. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of initiatives or goals related to these matters, or for any revisions to or failure to achieve these goals on a timely basis or at all. If data, processes, and reporting related to these matters are incomplete or inaccurate, we could face regulatory scrutiny or investigations, litigation and/or adverse reputational impacts. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback and information about the Company, including our products and services, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. Negative sentiment about the Company shared over social media, or misinformation from fraudulent accounts impersonating the Company, could impact our brand and reputation, whether or not it is based in fact. Strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share. Our industry is highly competitive, highly fragmented, and evolving. As a result, we face competition for customers for our products and services from a variety of retailers (including those operating reseller marketplaces), suppliers, service providers, distributors and manufacturers that sell products directly to their respective customer bases. These competitors range from traditional brick-and-mortar, to multichannel, to exclusively online, and they include a number of other home improvement retailers; local, regional and national hardware stores; electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. With respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, paint stores, specialty and mass digital retailers, warehouse clubs, MRO distributors, national and local wholesale supply distributors, home décor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of home improvement services and tool and equipment rental. Online and other digital capabilities, as well as AI tools, facilitate competitive entry, price transparency, and comparison shopping, increasing the level of competition we face. We compete primarily based on customer experience; price; quality; product availability, assortment, and innovation; and delivery options and capabilities, both in-store and online. We also compete based on store and branch location and appearance, presentation of merchandise, and ease of shopping experience throughout every step of the customer’s project, from inspiration and research to any post-purchase support. Our Pros also look for dedicated sales support, competitive credit and pricing options, project planning tools, professional and reliable deliveries, and product depth and job lot quantities, particularly for their complex project needs. Furthermore, with respect to delivery options, customers are seeking faster and/or guaranteed delivery times, real-time updates on delivery status, low-price or free shipping, and/or convenient pickup options. Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options and costs depends on many factors, including leveraging the momentum of our investments in our supply chain and our interconnected capabilities to further enhance the customer shopping experience. Failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery and pickup options could negatively impact the demand for our products and services and our profit margins. We use our marketing, advertising and promotional programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive landscape. Intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors, such as through aggressive promotional pricing or liquidation events, or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, could adversely affect our prices, our margins, or demand for our products and services. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through the delivery of a superior interconnected experience leveraging both our digital and physical platforms, our market share and our financial performance could be adversely affected. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 10 Table of Contents We may not timely identify or effectively respond to customer needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The success of our business depends on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and shifts in customer preferences, expectations and needs, while also managing appropriate inventory levels in our stores, branches and distribution or fulfillment centers and maintaining an excellent customer experience. These trends include those driven by changes in the macroeconomic or political environment, geopolitical tensions or conflicts, military conflicts, or civil unrest, as well as unexpected weather conditions, natural disasters, or public health issues (including pandemics or quarantines and related impacts) that impact our customers. It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use, retain, and protect relevant customer data is important for effectively meeting their expectations. Our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy, data-driven technologies such as AI, and data security, as well as customer expectations around data collection, retention, and use. In addition, each of our primary customer groups has different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. Customer preferences and expectations related to sustainability of products and operations are also changing. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to attract our customers and meet their individual needs and expectations, it may adversely impact our sales or our market share. Customer expectations about the methods by which they find, evaluate, purchase and receive products or services are also evolving. Customers routinely and increasingly use technology and a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms to rapidly gather inspiration, compare products and prices, read product reviews, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products. New channels and tools to enhance the customer experience appear and change rapidly, and some of those technologies, such as generative and agentic AI tools, may dramatically change customer shopping and buying habits. Our Pros also look for additional capabilities, including dedicated sales support, competitive credit and pricing options, project planning tools, professional and reliable deliveries, and product depth and job lot quantities, particularly for their complex project needs. Once products are purchased, customers seek alternate options for delivery of those products, including advance ordering through digital platforms for Pros, and they often expect quick, timely, and low-price or free delivery, real-time updates on delivery status, and/or convenient pickup or delivery options. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the planning, shopping and purchasing process by continuing to adjust and enhance the online and in-store customer experience as well as our delivery options. The coordinated operation of our network of physical stores, branches, distribution facilities, and online platforms is fundamental to the success of our interconnected strategy. We cannot guarantee that our current or future fulfillment options will be maintained and implemented successfully or that we will be able to meet customer expectations on delivery or pickup times, options and costs. In addition, as our customers continue to leverage our enhanced interconnected and fulfillment options, a greater concentration of online sales with direct fulfillment could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our stores, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-selling of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our overall sales and adversely affect our financial performance. A greater concentration of online sales with direct fulfillment could also impact our profit margins. Failure to provide a relevant and effective customer experience in a timely manner that keeps pace with technological developments and dynamic customer expectations; to maintain appropriate inventory; to provide quick and cost-effective or free delivery alternatives, real-time updates on delivery status, and convenient pickup options; to differentiate the customer experience for our primary customer groups; to effectively implement an appropriately localized merchandising assortment; or to otherwise timely identify or respond to changing customer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The execution of initiatives to deliver our interconnected experience could adversely impact our business operations or financial results, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits. Over the past several years, we have made significant investments to deliver a frictionless interconnected experience, including enhancing and expanding our supply chain, developing differentiated capabilities for our customers, including enhancements and improvements to our digital capabilities, expanding our store base, and making strategic acquisitions. These investments are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected experience; expand our sales to Pros and better address their needs for complex projects; and create the fastest, most efficient, and most reliable delivery network for home improvement products. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 11 Table of Contents Executing our interconnected experience requires continual investment in our operations and information technology systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems and support. In addition, our stores are a critical component of our interconnected experience, serving as the hub of our customers’ interconnected shopping journey. We have an aging store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. We also need to identify and secure available locations with appropriate characteristics for new stores, branches, and supply chain facilities to ensure we can continue to serve our customers effectively. We must effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of our investments, projects and changes. Failure to continue to make investments to effectively support our strategy and to implement or integrate those investments in the right manner and at the right pace could adversely impact our business operations or financial results. The cost and potential problems, defects of design, and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers, employing new online tools and services, implementing new technologies using AI, implementing and restructuring support systems and processes, securing appropriate store and other facility locations, and addressing impacts on inventory levels, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term, lead to product availability issues, create complexity in our systems and operations and impact our profitability. Our investments to enhance our interconnected experience, including investments in our store base, supply chain, and differentiated capabilities, including our digital assets, might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete, integrate or realize anticipated benefits, any of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. If we are unable to effectively manage and expand our strategic alliances and relationships with certain suppliers of both brand name and proprietary products, we may be unable to effectively execute our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. As part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with certain suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. We have also developed relationships with certain suppliers to allow us to offer proprietary products that are comparable to national brands. These proprietary products help differentiate us from other retailers and generally carry higher margins than national brand products. If we are unable to effectively manage and expand these strategic alliances and relationships, maintain favorable terms with current suppliers, or identify alternative sources for comparable brand name and proprietary products, we may not be able to effectively execute product differentiation, which may impact our sales and gross margin. Additionally, our suppliers’ business practices and positions may also be attributed to us, regardless of the Company’s actions, meaning that controversies regarding our suppliers of brand name or proprietary products could pose risks to our reputation and brand, and may require us to quickly identify alternative sources for comparable products. Our strategic transactions involve risks, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions. We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, investments, alliances, and other growth and market expansion strategies. We generally expect that these transactions will result in sales increases, cost savings, synergies, enhanced capabilities, and/or various other benefits. Assessing the viability and realizing the benefits of these transactions is subject to significant uncertainty. For each of our acquisitions, we need to determine the appropriate level of integration of the target company’s products, services, associates, and information technology, financial, human resources, compliance, and other systems and processes, and then successfully manage that integration into our corporate structure. Integration is a complex and time-consuming process, and if the integration is not fully successful or is delayed for a material period of time, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies, cost savings, enhanced capabilities, or other benefits of the acquisition. In addition, the integration of businesses may create increased complexity in our financial systems, internal controls, technology and cybersecurity systems, and operations and may make them more difficult to manage. Even if the target companies are successfully integrated, the acquisitions may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products or services, and expose us to additional or unanticipated risks and liabilities. Strategic transactions may also be subject to significant regulatory uncertainty, and changes in the regulatory landscape may result in additional costs or delays that affect the anticipated outcome of a transaction. Any failure in the execution of a strategic transaction or investment, our approach to the integration of an acquired asset or business, our ability to integrate new associates, or achievement of anticipated synergies or other benefits could result in slower growth, higher than expected costs, the recording of an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets or restructuring costs, and other actions which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 12 Table of Contents OPERATIONAL RISKS A failure of one or more key elements of our technology infrastructure, including associated systems or processes, could adversely affect our business, financial results, and reputation. We rely extensively on our technology infrastructure, including associated information technology systems, applications, processes, and related personnel to operate our day-to-day business and to collect, use, retain, manage, transmit, and protect transactions and data. Some of these systems are managed or provided by third-party service providers, including certain cloud platform providers. In managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of, and consistent access to, systems that provide operational and financial data and capabilities related to sales (both in store and online), customer data, supplier data, associate data, jobseeker data, partner data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service, and post-purchase support. For these information technology systems, applications, and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems, applications or processes, as well as the actions taken to maintain, update, upgrade and patch, could, and on occasion have, impaired their operation and effectiveness or exposed us to security risks. Our technology infrastructure and the third-party systems with which we interact, as well as any systems those third parties utilize, are subject to, and on occasion have experienced, damage, interruption, or malicious activity from a number of causes, including power and other critical infrastructure outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; data or security breaches; internal or external data theft or misuse; cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, smishing, vishing, spyware, denial of service attacks, and ransomware; responsive containment measures by us that may involve voluntarily taking systems offline; natural disasters and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, or other extreme weather events; public health concerns, such as pandemics and quarantines; geopolitical tensions or conflicts, military conflicts, acts of war, terrorism or civil unrest; other systems outages; inadequate or ineffective redundancy; and design or usage errors or malfeasance by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. In addition, as more business activities have shifted online, and as certain of our support center associates work in a remote or hybrid environment, we continue to face an increased risk due to the potential failure of internal or external technology infrastructure as well as increased cybersecurity threats and attempts to breach our security networks. Although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective technology infrastructure and related systems and processes effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of their integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, such efforts are not always successful. As a result, we or our service providers could experience, and on occasion have experienced, errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations or impair data security; prevent us from efficiently accepting or fulfilling orders or providing services to customers; impact our ability to operate or access communications, financial or banking systems; be costly, time-consuming and resource-intensive to remedy; and adversely impact our reputation and relationship with our customers, associates, suppliers, shareholders or regulators. We may have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of any errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service and may have insufficient recourse against service providers who experience such events. In addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our technology infrastructure, systems, processes, and personnel, in certain cases with the assistance of strategic partners and other third-party service providers. These investments involve replacing existing systems, some of which are older, legacy systems that are less flexible and efficient, with successor systems, and updating applications and websites; outsourcing certain technology and business processes to third-party service providers; making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud; maintaining or enhancing legacy systems that are not currently being replaced; designing or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality; or testing, developing and deploying AI tools, including generative AI. These efforts could result, and on occasion have resulted, in significant potential risks, including failure of the technology infrastructure to operate as designed, unexpected impacts on related systems or processes, potential loss or corruption of data, failures in security processes and internal controls, cost overruns, implementation delays or errors, disruption of operations, and the potential inability to meet business and reporting requirements. Any technology infrastructure implementation and transition difficulty may result in operational challenges, security or internal control failures, reputational harm, lost sales, increased costs, or other financial losses that could adversely affect our business, our relationships with our customers, and results of operations. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 13 Table of Contents Disruptions in our customer-facing technology infrastructure could impair our interconnected experience strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences, damage our brand and reputation and adversely impact our sales. Through our technology infrastructure, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and interconnected experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms at each stage of their shopping journey. We use our digital platforms as sales channels for our products and services, as methods of providing inspiration, and as sources of product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to help drive sales. In addition to supporting our DIY and DIFM customers, we make other resources available that are designed to serve the needs of Pros, including those working on complex projects. We also have multiple online communities, digital platforms, and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. The retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, with a significant increase in sales initiated online and via mobile applications in recent years. We may not be successful at managing this increased volume and related delivery options without interruption in the future. Additionally, we must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to a complex, evolving digital and interconnected experience, including adopting AI tools and other technology innovations to better serve our customers. We continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital platforms to provide a personalized, user-friendly interface for our customers. Disruptions, delays, failures, inaccuracies, or other performance issues in or with our customer-facing technology systems, either due to increased volumes, system or other technology modifications, cybersecurity incidents or attacks, information technology outages or other interruptions, launches of new or emerging technologies; or other factors, or a failure of these systems to meet our or our customers’ expectations, could impair the value they provide, damage our brand and reputation, and adversely impact our sales. Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the availability and distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business, financial results, and reputation. Disruptions within our logistics or supply chain network, such as the industry-wide supply chain challenges that resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect, our ability to receive and deliver inventory in a timely manner, impair our ability to meet customer demand for products, and result in lost sales, increased costs, and/or damage to our reputation. Such disruptions may result, and on occasion have resulted, from damage or destruction to our distribution or fulfillment centers or those of our supply chain service providers; weather-related events; cybersecurity incidents or attacks; information technology outages or other interruptions; natural disasters; international trade disputes, trade policy changes or restrictions, or import- or export-related governmental sanctions or restrictions; customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions; quotas, tariffs or other import-related taxes; strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns; shortages of supply chain labor, including truck drivers; shipping capacity constraints, including shortages of related equipment; raw material or other shortages; third-party contract disputes or inability to maintain favorable contract terms; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; increased costs or unavailability of fuel; political instability; geopolitical tensions or conflicts, or military conflicts or acts of war, as well as any related sanctions or other government or private responses; acts of terrorism; civil unrest; public health issues, including pandemics or quarantines and other related impacts; or other factors beyond our control. In recent years, ports in the U.S. and elsewhere have been impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, strikes, security issues, weather-related events, and natural or man

=== HD_2026-05-27.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. In addition to the information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed under Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in the 2025 Form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or by factors that we currently do not consider material to our business. There have been no material changes in the risk factors discussed in the 2025 Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES The following table presents the number and average price of shares purchased in each fiscal month of the first quarter of fiscal 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (2) Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (2)(3) February 2, 2026 – March 1, 2026 9,883 $ 376.69 — $ 11,657,503,041 March 2, 2026 – March 29, 2026 238,220 326.22 — 11,657,503,041 March 30, 2026 – May 3, 2026 30,052 332.28 — 11,657,503,041 278,155 328.67 — ————— (1) These amounts reflect deemed repurchases pursuant to our Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated May 19, 2022 (the “Omnibus Plan”). Under the Omnibus Plan, participants surrender shares as payment of applicable tax withholding on the vesting of restricted stock. Participants in the Omnibus Plan may also exercise stock options by surrendering shares of common stock that the participants already own as payment of the exercise price. Shares so surrendered by participants in the Omnibus Plan are repurchased pursuant to the terms of the Omnibus Plan and applicable award agreement and not pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs. (2) On August 14, 2023, our Board approved a $15.0 billion share repurchase authorization that replaced the previous authorization of $15.0 billion, which was approved on August 18, 2022. The August 2023 authorization does not have a prescribed expiration date. We paused share repurchases in March 2024 and had not resumed share repurchase activity as of May 3, 2026. (3) Excludes excise taxes incurred on share repurchases. SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES During the first quarter of fiscal 2026, we issued 600 deferred stock units under The Home Depot, Inc. Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of the SEC’s Regulation D thereunder. The deferred stock units were credited during the first quarter of fiscal 2026 to the accounts of those non-employee directors who elected to receive all or a portion of Board retainers in the form of deferred stock units instead of cash. The deferred stock units convert to shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis following a termination of service as described in the plan. During the first quarter of fiscal 2026, we credited 896 deferred stock units to participant accounts under the Restoration Plans pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act for involuntary, non-contributory plans. The deferred stock units convert to shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis following a termination of service as described in these plans. Item 5. Other Information. Trading Arrangements During the fiscal quarter ended May 3, 2026, no director or officer (as defined in the rules under Section 16 of the Exchange Act) of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. Fiscal Q1 2026 Form 10-Q 20 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibits not filed or furnished herewith are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC, as reflected in the table below. Exhibit Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Home Depot, Inc. [Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2026 Exhibit 3.1] 3.2 By-Laws of The Home Depot, Inc. (As Amended and Restated Effective November 20, 2025) [Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2025, Exhibit 3.2] 10.1 *† Form of Nonemployee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement pursuant to The Home Depot, Inc. Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated May 19, 2022 31.1 * Certification of the Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 31.2 * Certification of the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 32.1 ‡ Certification of the Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 ‡ Certification of the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS * XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ————— † Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement * Filed herewith ‡ Furnished (and not filed) herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of the SEC’s Regulation S-K Fiscal Q1 2026 Form 10-Q 21 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE HOME DEPOT, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ EDWARD P. DECKER Edward P. Decker, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ RICHARD V. MCPHAIL Richard V. McPhail, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ KIMBERLY R. SCARDINO Kimberly R. Scardino, Senior Vice President – Finance, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: May 26, 2026 Fiscal Q1 2026 Form 10-Q 22 