=== BMY_2026-02-11.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS. Any of the risks and uncertainties described below could significantly and negatively affect our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings now and in the future, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also impair our business operations, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. The following discussion of risk factors contains “forward-looking” statements, as discussed in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Product, Industry and Operational Risks Increased pricing pressure and other restrictions in the U.S. and abroad continue to negatively affect our revenues and profit margins. Our products continue to be subject to increasing pressures across the portfolio from pharmaceutical market access and pricing controls, required rebates and other discounts, in the U.S., the EU and other regions around the world that result in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates and smaller populations for whom payers will reimburse. We expect that these market access constraints, pricing controls and discounting and other restrictions will become more acute as public and private payers continue to take aggressive steps to control their expenditures. Our future revenues and profit margins could be negatively affected, including as a result of (i) changes in laws, agreements and regulations relating to the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products (including potential penalties for increasing prices over the rate of inflation and government negotiations/price controls that may change the determination of the "best price" and establish a maximum allowed price/reimbursement rate), as well as other changes relating to federal healthcare programs, such as modifying the federal Anti-Kickback statute discount safe harbor, OBBBA and the IRA, which includes a number of provisions intended to lower the costs of some drugs covered under Medicare Part D and Medicare Part B and to limit Medicare beneficiaries’ out-of-pocket spending under the Medicare Part D benefit, (ii) expanded utilization and pharmaceutical company restrictions under the 340B Drug Pricing Program ("340B program"), (iii) cost-cutting measures by federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, MCOs and other institutional and governmental purchasers, (iv) the grant of additional authority to governmental agencies to manage drug utilization and negotiate drug prices (including the implementation of the 2020 regulation issued by the U.S. federal government authorizing states and private parties to develop and implement programs to import certain prescription drugs from Canada and sell them in the U.S., and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, which eliminated the Medicaid Prescription Drug Rebate cap as of January 1, 2024), (v) competition related to placements on applicable commercial and Medicare Part D formularies; (vi) changes to U.S. federal pharmaceutical coverage and reimbursement policies and practices, (vii) the increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid and private sector beneficiaries, (viii) the increased scrutiny of drug manufacturers (including any additional review of the Company by the United States Congress), (ix) reimbursement delays, (x) government price erosion mechanisms across Europe, Japan and in other countries resulting in deflation for pharmaceutical product pricing, (xi) collection delays or failures to pay in government-funded public hospitals outside the U.S., (xii) developments in technology and/or industry practices that could impact the reimbursement policies and practices of third-party payers, and (xiii) inhibited market access due to real or perceived differences in value propositions for our products compared to competing products. In particular, the IRA has and will continue to have the effect of reducing prices and reimbursements for certain of our products, which could significantly impact our business. Under the IRA, the HHS can effectively set prices for units of certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B, Medicare Advantage and Part D. Generally, these government prices apply nine years (for small molecule drugs) or 13 years (for biologics) following FDA approval and will be capped at a statutory ceiling price that is likely to represent a significant discount from average prices to wholesalers and direct purchasers. In August 2024, as part of the first round of government price setting pursuant to the IRA, the HHS announced the "maximum fair price" for a 30-day equivalent supply of Eliquis, which applies to the U.S. Medicare channel effective January 1, 2026. In November 2025, the HHS announced the "maximum fair price" for a 30-day supply of Pomalyst, which applies to the U.S. Medicare channel effective January 1, 2027. In January 2026, the HHS selected Orencia as a medicine subject to "negotiation" for government-set prices beginning in 2028. It is possible that more of our products could be selected in future years based upon the selection criteria currently utilized by the HHS or potentially expanded future criteria, or that the "maximum fair price" for our previously selected products could be renegotiated, each of which could, among other things, accelerate revenue erosion prior to expiry of intellectual property protections. Failure to comply with requirements under the price setting process is subject to an excise tax and/or a civil monetary penalty. The IRA also generally requires drug manufacturers to provide rebates for Medicare Part B and Part D medicines if the price of a Part B or Part D drug increases faster than the rate of inflation. As of January 2025, under the IRA, the Part D benefit redesign replaced the 70 percent CGDP discount with a 10 percent manufacturer discount for all Medicare Part D beneficiaries that have met their deductible and incurred out of pocket drug costs below a $2,000 threshold and a 20 percent discount for beneficiaries that have incurred out of pocket drug costs above the $2,000 threshold under the new Part D benefit redesign. The effectuation of a "maximum fair price" pursuant to the IRA is a technically complex process that relies on newly developed systems that may experience 24 unforeseen disruptions. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties, which could be significant. The IRA has and will continue to meaningfully impact our business strategies and those of others in the pharmaceutical industry. We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our results of operations, and it is possible that these changes may result in a material impact on our business and results of operations. In December 2025, we announced the U.S. Government Agreement pursuant to which we agreed to, among other things: (i) provide Eliquis for free to the Medicaid program effective January 1, 2026; (ii) donate more than seven tons of Eliquis API to fill the U.S. Strategic Active Ingredient Reserve; (iii) enable direct-to-patient access to Sotyktu, Zeposia, Reyataz, Baraclude and Orencia for cash-paying patients at discounts approximately 80% off current list prices; (iv) adopt a more balanced pricing approach for new launches across developed nations; and (v) continue to expand domestic production. In accordance with the U.S. Government Agreement, BMS will receive certain U.S. tariff relief until January 2029 and will not be subject to future pricing mandates in the United States, however, such exemptions may be terminated or may not be extended. We remain subject to any current or future pricing mandates implemented outside of the United States, and it is possible that current or future pricing regulations may result in a material impact on our business and results of operations. This agreement, and any potential future agreements with government entities, by us or our competitors, could result in reduced prices and reimbursement for certain of our or competing products and may impact our cash flows and results of operations. In July 2025, the OBBBA was enacted which, among other things, aims to achieve efficiencies in U.S. federal government healthcare spending over the next decade, primarily within Medicaid. We are continuing to assess the full scope of this legislation and its potential commercial implications, and it is possible that these changes may impact our cash flows and results of operations. We participate in the 340B program, under which we must offer covered outpatient drugs to statutorily defined covered entities at no more than the 340B program “ceiling price”. The expanded utilization of the 340B program in recent years has negatively affected our revenues and profit margins. Additionally, manufacturers who are found to have knowingly and intentionally overcharged 340B program covered entities could be subject to significant monetary penalties. In the past, Celgene had received inquiries from the Health Resources and Services Administration regarding the limited distribution networks for Revlimid, Pomalyst, and Thalomid and compliance with the 340B program. As part of our broader integration strategy and alignment of our distribution model (post our acquisition of Celgene) we had announced that beginning March 1, 2022, we would generally recognize up to two designated 340B program contract pharmacy locations per 340B program hospital that lacks an entity-owned pharmacy. We then updated this policy effective July 1, 2024, to generally recognize up to four contract pharmacy locations per 340B program hospital that lacks an entity-owned pharmacy. Multiple states have enacted laws generally prohibiting manufacturer policies restricting recognition of contract pharmacy arrangements and provide for certain penalties for violations. Such laws have been subject to legal challenges. Whether or how such laws may impact our business remains uncertain. Although we believe that we have complied with, and continue to comply with, all applicable legal requirements, additional legal or legislative changes with respect to the 340B program may cause us to update our approach. Significant changes to our sales or pricing practices with regard to the distribution of drugs under the 340B program, an inability to procure data sufficient to identify duplicate claims associated with the increasing volume of 340B program utilization or any material changes in our U.S. payer channel mix, including the commercialization of future products that may be hi ghly utilized within the 340B program, could have additional adverse effects on our revenues and profitability. In addition, if we are required to pay penalties under the applicable regulations, there would be an adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. For additional information on pricing pressures and other constraints, refer to “Item 1. Business—Pricing, Price Constraints and Market Access.” At the state level, multiple states have passed, are pursuing or are considering government action via legislation or regulations to change drug pricing and reimbursement (e.g., establishing prescription drug affordability boards, implementing manufacturer mandates tied to the Federal Public Health Service Act drug pricing program, etc.). Some of these state-level actions may also influence federal and other state policies and legislation. Given the current uncertainty surrounding the adoption, timing and implementation of many of these measures, as well as pending litigation challenging such laws, we are unable to predict their full impact on our business. However, such measures could modify or decrease access, coverage, or reimbursement of our products, or result in significant changes to our sales or pricing practices, which could have a material impact on our revenues and results of operations. With respect to the Federal Public Health Service Act drug pricing program, certain states have enacted laws regulating manufacturer pricing obligations under the program to date. Several additional states are considering similar potential legislation or other government actions, and we expect other states may do the same in the future. Further, commercial payers often consider Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations when setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in cost or other containment measures may similarly be adopted by commercial plans. Coverage policies and reimbursement rates for commercial plans may change at any time. 25 We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. Our ability to replace revenue from products that lose patent protection is directly dependent on our ability to successfully develop and commercialize new products in a timely manner. As is common in the pharmaceutical industry, BMS expects that sales of its branded products like Orencia, Eliquis and Opdivo will decline after the loss of market exclusivity for such products. Consequently, our future success is highly dependent on our pipeline of new products. There is a high rate of failure inherent in the research and development process for new drugs. As a result, there is a high risk that our investments in research programs will not generate financial returns. Compounds or products may appear promising in development but fail to reach market within the expected timeframe, or at all. We have experienced setbacks and may continue to do so. In addition, product extensions or additional indications may not be approved. Furthermore, products or indications approved under the U.S. FDA’s Accelerated Approval Program may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies and such studies may not be successful. For additional information, refer to "Item 1. Business—Products, Intellectual Property and Product Exclusivity". Developing and commercializing new compounds and products involves inherent risks and uncertainties, including (i) efficacy and safety concerns or findings of superior safety or efficacy of competing products; (ii) delayed or denied regulatory approvals, including as a result of difficulties in enrolling patients and completing clinical trials in a timely manner; (iii) delays or challenges with producing products on a commercial scale or excessive costs to manufacture products; (iv) failure to enter into or implement optimal alliances for the development and/or commercialization of new products; (v) changes in regulatory approval processes and policies which may cause delays or denials of new product approvals; (vi) preclusion from commercialization due to intellectual property issues or disputes with third parties; (vii) failure in certain markets to obtain reimbursement commensurate with the level of innovation and clinical benefit presented by the product; and (viii) changing clinical preferences, changing industry standards, laws and regulations, or competitors’ innovations, each of which may render new products or enhancements to existing products obsolete. We are also unable to predict if and when any changes to laws or regulatory policies will occur and how they will affect our business and particularly our pipeline of new products. Commercialization launch delays are especially common when a product is expected to have a REMS program, as required by the FDA to address significant risk/benefit issues. Certain of our future key products may be required to be distributed in the U.S. through a REMS program, as described in "Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Customers". The inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected regulatory approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. In addition, if certain acquired pipeline programs are canceled or we believe their commercial prospects have been reduced, we may recognize material non-cash impairment charges for those programs as we have done in the past. Finally, losing key molecules and intermediaries or our compound library through a natural or man-made disaster or act of sabotage could negatively impact the product development cycle. We can provide no assurance when or whether any of our products under development will be approved or launched or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful. The public announcement of data from our clinical studies, or those of our competitors, or news of any developments related to our, or our competitors’, products or late-stage compounds may cause significant volatility in our stock price and depending on the data, may result in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If the development of any of our key late-stage product candidates is delayed or discontinued or a clinical study does not meet one or more of its primary endpoints, our stock price could decline significantly and there may be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As a result, we may experience difficulties in forecasting our future performance and effectively communicating our strategy to investors. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short-term or long-term can have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and prospects. We may also choose to no longer pursue certain programs from time to time as we periodically review our research and development programs and seek to prioritize our pipeline investments. This may result in further uncertainty as to when potential new products will be approved and commercialized. There can be no assurance that our key product candidates would prove to be safe and effective or as safe and effective as other competing products, or that, even if approved, any such products will become commercially successful for all approved indications. We could lose market exclusivity of a product earlier than expected. In the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, the majority of an innovative product’s commercial value is realized during its market exclusivity period. In the U.S. and in some other countries, when market exclusivity expires and generic versions are approved and marketed or when biosimilars are introduced (even if only for a competing product), there are usually very substantial and rapid declines in a product’s revenues. 26 Market exclusivity for our products is based upon patent rights and certain regulatory forms of exclusivity. The scope of our patent rights, if any, varies from country to country and may also be dependent on the availability of meaningful legal remedies in a country. The failure to obtain or maintain patent and other intellectual property rights, or limitations on the use or loss of such rights, could result in a rapid loss of sales for any affected products which could be material to us. In some countries, including certain EU member states, basic patent protections for our products may not exist because certain countries did not historically offer the right to obtain specific types of patents, and/or we (or our licensors) did not file in those countries. In addition, the patent environment can be unpredictable, and the validity and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. For example, for Eliquis, generics have challenged the composition of matter patents and related SPCs in various jurisdictions, and trials have taken place, or are scheduled to take place, in certain European countries. While these legal proceedings are pending, generic manufacturers have begun marketing generic versions of Eliquis in certain EU countries and may seek to market generic versions of Eliquis in other EU countries prior to the expiration date of applicable patents and related SPCs. Furthermore, manufacturers of innovative drugs as well as generic drug manufacturers may be able to design their products around our owned or licensed patents and compete with us using the resulting alternative technology. Absent relevant patent protection for a product, once the regulatory exclusivity period expires, generic or alternative versions can be approved and marketed. Generic and biosimilar product manufacturers as well as other groups seeking financial gain are also increasingly seeking to challenge patents before they expire, and we have faced and may continue to face earlier-than-expected competition for any products at any time. Patents covering our key products have been, and are likely to continue to be, subject to validity, enforceability and infringement challenges in patent litigations and post-grant review patent office proceedings. Although we are confident in the strength of our intellectual property rights, it may be possible for generic drug companies to challenge our rights and launch their generic versions of our drugs "at risk" prior to the expiration of our intellectual property rights. For example, following certain adverse judicial decisions in the UK and Finland, generic manufacturers have begun marketing generic versions of Eliquis in these countries, and may seek to market generic versions of Eliquis in additional countries in Europe, prior to the expiration of our patents, which may lead to additional infringement and invalidity patent actions in Europe. In addition, in order to avoid the uncertainty and expense of litigation, among other reasons, we may decide to enter into settlements with generic manufacturers that permit generic market entry prior to the expiration of our intellectual property rights. For example, as a result of patent settlements, generic entry for Revlimid in the UK began on January 18, 2022, and in various other European countries on February 18, 2022. Similarly, in the U.S., following patent settlements, certain companies have begun marketing generic lenalidomide pursuant to licenses, which as of January 31, 2026, are no longer volume-limited. In some cases, manufacturers may seek regulatory approval by submitting their own clinical study data to obtain marketing approval or choose to launch a generic product “at risk” before the expiration of the applicable patent(s) and/or before the final resolution of related patent litigation. In addition, some countries are allowing manufacturers to manufacture and sell generic products, which negatively impacts the protections afforded the Company. Lower-priced generics or biosimilars for BMS biologics or competing biologics could negatively impact our volumes and prices. In addition, both the U.S. Congress and the FDA have taken steps to promote the development and approval of generic drugs and biosimilar biologics, including by providing generic and biosimilar developers a private right of action to obtain sufficient quantities of drug samples from the reference product’s manufacturer in order to conduct testing necessary to obtain approval for generic or biosimilar products. Additionally, in October 2025, the FDA issued new draft guidance to streamline the process of, and accelerate the timeline for, biosimilar development, including by minimizing the requirement for comparative clinical efficacy studies. There is no assurance that a particular product will enjoy market exclusivity for the full time period that appears in the estimates disclosed in this 2025 Form 10-K or that we assume when we provide our financial guidance. We face intense competition from other biopharmaceutical companies and manufacturers and expect to see increasing market penetration of lower-priced generic products. The future growth of BMS is dependent on the market access, uptake and expansion for marketed brands, new product introductions, new indications, new formulations and co-promotional activities with alliance partners. Competition is keen, and as we lose exclusivity for some of our marketed brands, lower-priced generic products will increasingly penetrate our markets. Generic or biosimilar challenges to our products can also arise at any time, and our patents may not prevent the emergence of generic or biosimilar competition for our products. In some countries, patent protection is significantly weaker than in the U.S. or in the EU; political and social pressure has also pushed legislation and other measures that promote the use of generic and biosimilar products. For additional information, see “—We could lose market exclusivity of a product earlier than expected.” In addition, we face competition from new products entering the market. New products may have (i) lower prices, (ii) superior efficacy (benefit) or safety (risk) profiles (whether actual or perceived), (iii) technological advantages that may make such products more convenient to use, (iv) better insurance coverage or reimbursement levels, (v) more effective marketing programs and/or other differentiating factors that make it harder for our products to compete. We cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the 27 introduction of competitive products that treat diseases and conditions like those treated by our products and product candidates. Business combinations among our competitors and major third-party payers may also increase competition for our products. If we are unable to compete successfully against our competitors’ products in the marketplace, this could have a material negative impact on our revenues and earnings. We could experience difficulties, delays and disruptions in our supply chain as well as in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products. Our product supply and related patient access has been, and could in the future be, negatively impacted by difficulties, delays and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products. Some of the difficulties, delays and disruptions include: (i) product seizures or recalls or forced closings of manufacturing plants; (ii) our failure, or the failure of any of our vendors or suppliers, to comply with cGMP and other applicable regulations or quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages or delays in product manufacturing; (iii) manufacturing, quality assurance/quality control, supply problems or governmental approval delays; (iv) geopolitical factors in a specific country or region, including any new, or changes in or interpretations of existing, trade regulations, including for example, any new tariffs imposed in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or compliance requirements of other legislation; (v) the failure of a supplier, including sole source or single source suppliers, to provide us with the necessary raw materials, supplies or finished goods within a reasonable timeframe and with required quality; (vi) the failure of a third-party manufacturer to supply us with bulk active or finished product on time; (vii) construction or regulatory approval delays for new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for our biologics products; (viii) the failure to meet new and emerging regulations requiring products to be tracked throughout the distribution channels using unique identifiers to verify their authenticity in the supply chain; (ix) other manufacturing or distribution issues, including limits to manufacturing capacity and changes in the types of products produced, such as biologics, physical limitations, labor disputes or shortages, or other business interruptions; and (x) disruptions in supply chain continuity, including from market forces, natural disasters, global disease outbreaks or pandemics, acts of war or terrorism or other unforeseeable or unavoidable events that materially impact one or more of our facilities or a critical supplier. The U.S. and other countries have recently imposed, and may continue to impose, new tariffs. While pharmaceuticals are largely exempt from the tariffs imposed in 2025, such exemptions may be terminated or may not apply to any future tariffs. In accordance with the U.S. Government Agreement, BMS will receive certain U.S. tariff relief until January 2029. We continue to evaluate the impacts of tariffs on our business and results of operations, and it is possible that such tariffs, or future tariffs, may result in a material impact on our business and results of operations. In addition, manufacturing processes for novel cell-based therapies, such as CAR-T cell therapies, and radiopharmaceutical therapeutics in development are still evolving, and our processes may be more complicated or more expensive than the approaches taken by our current and future competitors. Our ability to source raw materials and supplies used to manufacture our CAR-T cell therapies and to develop consistent and reliable manufacturing processes and distribution networks with an attractive cost of goods could impact future anticipated revenue and gross profit for our CAR-T cell therapies. For our radiopharmaceutical therapeutics, we utilize third-party suppliers that may still be developing appropriate processes, controls, technologies and facilities, particularly for large-scale production. Furthermore, we may face challenges with sourcing raw materials and supplies for clinical and, if ap

=== BMY_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the Company's 2025 Form 10-K. 40 Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS The following table summarizes the surrenders of our equity securities during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (b) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs (b) Dollars in millions, except per share data January 1 to 31, 2026 48,345 $ 54.48 — $ 5,014 February 1 to 28, 2026 13,108 $ 56.57 — $ 5,014 March 1 to 31, 2026 2,442,613 $ 60.15 — $ 5,014 Three months ended March 31, 2026 2,504,066 — (a) Includes shares of common stock surrendered to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of awards under our long-term incentive program. (b) In May 2010, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of our common stock. From time to time thereafter, the Board approved additional share repurchase authorizations totaling an amount of $25.0 billion, including the most recent authorization of $3.0 billion in December 2023. The remaining share repurchase capacity under the program was $5.0 billion as of March 31, 2026. Our share repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific number of shares, does not have a specific expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 41 Item 6. EXHIBITS Exhibits (listed by number corresponding to the Exhibit Table of Item 601 in Regulation S-K). The Exhibits designated by the symbol ‡‡ are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. Exhibit No. Description ‡‡10a. Form of 202 6 Performance Share Units Award Agreement under the 2021 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (filed herewith). ‡‡10b. Form of 202 6 Market Share Units Award Agreement under the 2021 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (filed herewith). ‡‡10c. Form of 202 6 Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement with three-year, four-year, or five-year prorated vesting under the 2021 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (filed herewith). ‡‡10d. Form of 202 6 Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement with three-year cliff vesting under the 2021 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (filed herewith). ‡‡10e. Form of 202 6 Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement with two-year cliff vesting with a one-year post-vest holding period under the 2021 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (filed herewith). ‡‡10f. Form of 202 6 Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement with one-year cliff vesting with a two-year post-vest holding period under the 2021 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (filed herewith). 31a. Section 302 Certification Letter (filed herewith). 31b. Section 302 Certification Letter (filed herewith). 32a. Section 906 Certification Letter (furnished herewith). 32b. Section 906 Certification Letter (furnished herewith). 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Indicates, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, brand names of products, which are registered trademarks not solely owned by the Company or its subsidiaries. Gleevec is a trademark of Novartis AG; Keytruda and Winrevair are trademarks of Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA; Plavix is a trademark of Sanofi; and Tecentriq is a trademark of Genentech, Inc. Brand names of products that are in all italicized letters, without an asterisk, are registered trademarks of BMS and/or one of its subsidiaries. 42 SUMMARY OF ABBREVIATED TERMS Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and its consolidated subsidiaries may be referred to as Bristol Myers Squibb, BMS, the Company, we, our or us in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise indicates. Throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q we have used terms which are defined below: 2025 Form 10-K Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 MZL marginal zone lymphoma ANDA Abbreviated New Drug Application Mirati Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. AstraZeneca AstraZeneca PLC NDA New Drug Application API Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient NTD non-transfusion-dependent AOCL Accumulated other comprehensive loss NHL Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma BioArctic BioArctic AB oHCM Obstructive Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Celgene Celgene Corporation Ono Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd CERCLA U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act PD-1 programmed cell death protein 1 cHL classical Hodgkins Lymphoma PD-L1 programmed death-ligand 1 CVR Contingent value right PDUFA Prescription Drug User Fee Act Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Limited and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. Pfizer Pfizer, Inc. EC European Commission PFS progression-free survival EPS earnings per share PsA psoriatic arthritis EU European Union Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 Evotec Evotec SE R&D research and development Exchange Act the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 RDFV readily determinable fair values FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board REMS risk evaluation and mitigation strategy FDA U.S. Food and Drug Administration Roche F. Hoffman-La Roche & Co. GAAP generally accepted accounting principles RRMM relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma GTN gross-to-net Sanofi Sanofi S.A. HCM hypertrophic cardiomyopathy SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission HHS Health and Human Services SPC Supplementary Protection Certificate IPRD in-process research and development SystImmune SystImmune, Inc. IRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 TD transfusion-dependent IRS Internal Revenue Service TNBC triple negative breast cancer IT Information Technology U.K. United Kingdom Merck Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA U.S. United States MCL mantle cell lymphoma VAT value added tax MRD minimal residual disease 43 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY (REGISTRANT) Date: April 30, 2026 By: /s/ Christopher Boerner, Ph.D. Christopher Boerner, Ph. D. Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Date: April 30, 2026 By: /s/ David V. Elkins David V. Elkins Chief Financial Officer 44 