=== DRI_2025-07-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A below under the heading Risk Factors. PART I Item 1. BUSINESS Introduction Darden Restaurants, Inc. is a full-service restaurant company, and as of May 25, 2025, we owned and operated 2,159 restaurants through subsidiaries in the United States and Canada under the Olive Garden , LongHorn Steakhouse , Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen , Chuy s , Yard House , Ruth s Chris Steak House ( Ruth s Chris ), The Capital Grille , Seasons 52 , Eddie V s Prime Seafood ( Eddie V s ), Bahama Breeze , and The Capital Burger trademarks. As of May 25, 2025, we also had 154 restaurants operated by independent third parties pursuant to area development and franchise agreements and 4 restaurants operating under contractual agreements. The following table details the number of company-owned and operated restaurants, as well as those operated under franchise and contractual agreements, as of May 25, 2025: Number of Restaurants Olive Garden LongHorn Steakhouse Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen Chuy s Yard House (1) Ruth s Chris The Capital Grille Seasons 52 Eddie V s Bahama Breeze The Capital Burger Total Owned and operated: United States 927 591 181 108 88 82 71 43 29 28 3 2,151 Canada 8 8 Total 935 591 181 108 88 82 71 43 29 28 3 2,159 Franchised: United States (2) 11 19 3 51 1 85 Latin America 32 2 2 36 Canada 6 6 Asia 5 1 16 22 Middle East 3 3 The Caribbean 1 1 2 Total 52 20 3 76 2 1 154 Operated: United States 4 4 Total 4 4 Grand Total 987 611 184 108 88 162 73 43 29 29 3 2,317 (1) Includes one restaurant that is owned jointly by us and third parties and managed by us. (2) Includes Puerto Rico and Guam. Darden Restaurants, Inc. is a Florida corporation incorporated in March 1995, and is the parent company of GMRI, Inc., also a Florida corporation. GMRI, Inc. and certain other of our subsidiaries own and operate our restaurants. GMRI, Inc. was originally incorporated in March 1968 as Red Lobster Inns of America, Inc. We were acquired by General Mills, Inc. in 1970 and became a separate publicly held company in 1995 when General Mills distributed all of our outstanding stock to the stockholders of General Mills. Our principal executive offices and restaurant support center are located at 1000 Darden Center Drive, Orlando, Florida 32837, telephone (407) 245-4000. Our corporate website address is www.darden.com . We make our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, Section 16 reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5, and all amendments to those reports available free of charge on our website the same day as the reports are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information on our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. Unless the context indicates otherwise, all references to Darden, the Company, we, our or us include Darden Restaurants, Inc., GMRI, Inc. and our respective subsidiaries. On October 11, 2024, we acquired 100 percent of the equity interest of Chuy s Holdings, Inc. (Chuy s Holdings) in an all-cash transaction of $649.1 million in total consideration, $613.7 million in net cash consideration, inclusive of $35.4 million of cash on Chuy s Holdings balance sheet at closing. We financed the acquisition with a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of a $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.350 percent senior notes due 2027 (2027 Notes) and a $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.550 percent senior notes due 2029 (2029 Notes), which were issued on October 3, 2024. The 2027 Notes will mature on October 15, 2027 and the 2029 Notes will mature on October 15, 2029. Interest on the Notes will be paid semi- 1 annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on April 15, 2025, to holders of record on the preceding March 31 or September 30, as the case may be. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we entered into an agreement with Recipe Unlimited, Canada s largest full-service restaurant company, pursuant to which Recipe Unlimited will acquire Olive Garden s eight Canadian restaurants. These restaurants will be franchise-owned and will operate as members of our Olive Garden International family. Recipe Unlimited is headquartered in Toronto, operating more than 1,200 restaurants in more than 300 communities across Canada. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, on July 14, 2025, we successfully closed on the sale. On our June 2025 earnings call, we announced the decision to explore strategic alternatives for the Bahama Breeze brand, which includes 28 locations owned and operated by Darden and one franchise location. We will be exploring a sale of the brand or conversions of some or all locations to other Darden brands. We have a 52/53 week fiscal year ending the last Sunday in May. Our fiscal year 2025 ended May 25, 2025 and consisted of 52 weeks, fiscal 2024 ended May 26, 2024 and consisted of 52 weeks, and fiscal 2023 ended May 28, 2023 and consisted of 52 weeks. The following description of our business should be read in conjunction with the information in Part II of this report under the caption Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Segment Information We manage our restaurant brands in North America as operating segments. The brands operate principally in the U.S. within full-service dining. We aggregate our operating segments into reportable segments based on a combination of the size, economic characteristics and sub-segment of full-service dining within which each brand operates. We have four reportable segments: 1) Olive Garden, 2) LongHorn Steakhouse, 3) Fine Dining (which includes Ruth s Chris, The Capital Grille and Eddie V s) and 4) Other Business (which includes Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen, Chuy s, Yard House, Bahama Breeze, Seasons 52, The Capital Burger and ongoing royalties and other fees from our franchise operations and contractually managed locations). External sales are derived principally from food and beverage sales, we do not rely on any major customers as a source of sales and the customers and long-lived assets of our reportable segments are predominantly in the U.S. There were no material transactions among reportable segments. Restaurant Brands Olive Garden Olive Garden is an internally-developed brand and is the largest full-service dining Italian restaurant operator in the United States. Olive Garden offers a variety of Italian foods featuring fresh ingredients presented simply with a focus on flavor and quality, and a broad selection of imported Italian wines. In 1982, Olive Garden opened its first restaurant in Orlando, Florida. Most dinner menu entr e prices range from $12.00 to $23.50, and most lunch menu entr e prices range from $9.50 to $11.50. The price of each entr e includes as much fresh salad or soup and breadsticks as a guest desires. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person (defined as total sales divided by number of entr es sold) was approximately $24.00, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 4.7 percent of Olive Garden s sales. Olive Garden maintains different menus across its trade areas to reflect geographic differences in consumer preferences, prices and selections, as well as a smaller portioned, lower-priced children s menu. LongHorn Steakhouse LongHorn Steakhouse is a full-service steakhouse restaurant brand with locations primarily in the eastern United States, operating in an atmosphere inspired by the American West. LongHorn Steakhouse opened its first restaurant in 1981, and we acquired LongHorn Steakhouse in October 2007 as part of the RARE Hospitality International, Inc. (RARE) acquisition. LongHorn Steakhouse restaurants feature a variety of menu items including signature fresh steaks and chicken, as well as salmon, shrimp, ribs, pork chops and burgers. Most dinner menu entr e prices range from $14.00 to $41.00, and most lunch menu entr e prices range from $9.00 to $12.00. The price of most entr es includes a side and/or salad and as much freshly baked bread as a guest desires. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person was approximately $28.00, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 8.5 percent of LongHorn Steakhouse s sales. LongHorn Steakhouse maintains different menus for dinner and lunch and different menus across its trade 2 areas to reflect geographic differences in consumer preferences, prices and selections, as well as a smaller portioned, lower-priced children s menu. Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen is a full-service restaurant brand operating primarily in Texas and throughout the southern, mid-western and mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. The casual dining menu features modern classics and American favorites cooked from scratch. Each entree includes a honey butter croissant. Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen opened its first restaurant in 1979, and we acquired Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen in April 2017. Most dinner menu entr e prices range from $10.00 to $23.00, and most lunch menu entr e prices range from $9.00 to $11.00. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person was approximately $19.00, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 7.0 percent of Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen s sales. Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen features different menus across its trade areas to reflect geographic differences in consumer preferences, prices and selections, as well as a smaller portioned, lower-priced children s menu . Chuy s Chuy s is a full-service restaurant brand offering a distinct menu of authentic, freshly-prepared Mexican and Tex-Mex inspired food. The restaurants have common d cor, but each location is unique in format, offering an unchained look and feel, as expressed by the motto If you ve seen one Chuy s, you ve seen one Chuy s! Chuy s opened its first restaurant in Austin, Texas in 1982, and we acquired Chuy s in October 2024. Most menu entr e prices range from $11.00 to $21.00. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person was approximately $19.50, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 12.0 percent of Chuy s sales. The core menu was established using recipes from family and friends of the founders and has remained relatively unchanged over the years. Chuy s offers the same menu for both lunch and dinner, which includes enchiladas, fajitas, tacos, burritos, combination platters and salads complemented by a variety of appetizers and desserts. All meals include free chips and salsa. Yard House Yard House is a full-service restaurant brand operating in metropolitan areas across the United States and is known for great food, classic rock and over 100 draft beer offerings. The American menu includes more than 100 chef driven items with a wide range of appetizers, burgers and steaks, street tacos, salads, sandwiches and a generous selection of vegetarian dishes. Yard House opened its first restaurant in 1996, and we acquired Yard House in August 2012. Yard House design elements create a contemporary, yet casual, come as you are environment. Most lunch and dinner menu entr e prices range from $10.00 to $54.00. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person was approximately $36.00, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 30.0 percent of Yard House s sales. Yard House maintains different menus and selections of craft beers across its trade areas to reflect geographic differences in consumer preferences, prices and selections, as well as a smaller portioned, lower-priced children s menu. Ruth s Chris Ruth s Chris is one of the largest fine dining steakhouse restaurant brands in the world. The menu features a broad selection of high-quality USDA Prime and Choice grade steaks and other premium offerings served in Ruth s Chris signature fashion sizzling complemented by other traditional menu items inspired by its New Orleans heritage. Ruth s Chris complements its distinctive food offerings with an award-winning wine list. Ruth s Chris opened its first restaurant in 1965, and we acquired Ruth s Chris in June 2023. Most dinner menu entr e prices range from $40.00 to $85.00, and most lunch menu entr e prices range from $16.00 to $65.00. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person was approximately $104.50, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 19.3 percent of Ruth s Chris sales. Ruth s Chris offers different menus for dinner and lunch and varies its wine list to reflect geographic differences in consumer preferences, prices and selections. The Capital Grille The Capital Grille is a fine dining restaurant brand with locations primarily in major metropolitan cities in the United States featuring relaxed elegance and style. The Capital Grille opened its first restaurant in 1990, and we acquired The Capital Grille in October 2007 as part of the RARE acquisition. Nationally acclaimed for dry aging steaks on the premises, the restaurants feature an award-winning wine list offering over 350 selections, personalized service, a comfortable club-like atmosphere, and premiere private dining rooms. 3 Most dinner menu entr e prices range from $40.00 to $95.00, and most lunch menu entr e prices range from $23.00 to $53.00. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person was approximately $104.00, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 26.3 percent of The Capital Grille s sales. The Capital Grille offers different menus for dinner and lunch and varies its wine list to reflect geographic differences in consumer preferences, prices and selections. Seasons 52 Seasons 52 is an internally-developed full-service restaurant brand with a casually sophisticated, fresh grill and wine bar that offers a seasonally changing menu with all items under 595 calories. The menu includes an international collection of wines, along with exceptional signature handcrafted cocktails. In 2003, Seasons 52 opened its first restaurant in Orlando, Florida. Most lunch and dinner menu entr e prices range from $12.50 to $51.00. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person was approximately $52.00, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 21.8 percent of Seasons 52 s sales. Seasons 52 maintains an all-day menu in addition to different seasonal offerings, a pared-down lunch menu and a happy-hour menu. Eddie V s Eddie V s is a fine dining restaurant brand with locations in major metropolitan cities in the United States, with a sophisticated and contemporary ambiance, featuring live music nightly in the V Lounge. Dishes are artistically prepared and feature seasonal seafood and critically acclaimed prime steaks, hand cut and broiled to perfection. The atmosphere provides an alluring dining experience reminiscent of a modern day Gatsby, infusing an indulgent experience with an irresistible vibe. Eddie V s opened its first restaurant in 2000, and we acquired Eddie V s in November 2011. Most dinner menu entr e prices range from $41.00 to $116.00. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person was approximately $123.00, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 27.3 percent of Eddie V s sales. Eddie V s menu features a premium selection of seafood and hand-cut steaks, and each restaurant offers unique wine and spirit selections that reflect local preferences, in addition to the brand s core wine cocktail offerings. Bahama Breeze Bahama Breeze is an internally-developed full-service restaurant brand operating primarily in the eastern United States that offers guests the feeling of a Caribbean escape, with food, drinks and atmosphere found in the islands. The menu features distinctive, Caribbean-inspired fresh seafood, chicken and steaks as well as handcrafted tropical cocktails. In 1996, Bahama Breeze opened its first restaurant in Orlando, Florida. Most lunch and dinner menu entr e prices range from $10.50 to $39.00. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person was approximately $35.00, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 20.5 percent of Bahama Breeze s sales. Bahama Breeze maintains different menus across its trade areas to reflect geographic differences in consumer preferences, prices and selections, as well as a smaller portioned, lower-priced children s menu. The Capital Burger The Capital Burger is an internally-created, development-stage full-service restaurant concept with locations primarily in major metropolitan cities in the United States that offers guests a luxe burger experience. The Capital Burger opened its first restaurant in 2018. The menu features burgers made with a proprietary beef blend, sandwiches and appetizers. It is a bar-centric concept offering local craft beers, a unique wine list and spiked shakes. Multiple items take from the parentage of The Capital Grille, like the signature Doli, a pineapple-infused martini. Most lunch and dinner menu entr e prices range from $18.00 to $36.00. During fiscal 2025, the average check per person was approximately $36.00, with alcoholic beverages accounting for 25.3 percent of The Capital Burger s sales. The Capital Burger maintains an all-day menu in addition to a happy hour menu. The following table shows our restaurant growth over the last five years including the number of restaurants owned and operated by each brand and concept as of the end of the respective fiscal years. The table excludes our restaurants operated by independent third parties pursuant to area development, franchise, and contractual agreements. The final column in the table lists our total sales from continuing operations for the fiscal years indicated. 4 Fiscal Year Olive Garden LongHorn Steakhouse Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen Chuy s Yard House Ruth s Chris The Capital Grille Seasons 52 Eddie V s Bahama Breeze The Capital Burger Total Restaurants Total Sales (in millions) (1) 2021 875 533 170 81 60 44 26 42 3 1,834 $7,196.1 2022 884 546 172 85 62 45 28 42 3 1,867 $9,630.0 2023 905 562 180 86 62 44 29 42 4 1,914 $10,487.8 2024 920 575 181 88 80 66 44 30 43 4 2,031 $11,390.0 2025 935 591 181 108 88 82 71 43 29 28 3 2,159 $12,076.7 (1) During fiscal 2021, many of our locations experienced restrictions on operations, including the ability to have dine-in operations and were subject to vaccine and/or mask mandates as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Strategy We believe that capable operators of strong multi-unit brands have the opportunity to increase their share of the restaurant industry s full-service segment. Generally, the restaurant industry is considered to be comprised of three segments: quick service, fast casual, and full-service. All of our restaurants fall within the full-service segment, which is highly fragmented and includes many independent operators and small chains. We believe we have strong brands and that the breadth and depth of our experience and expertise sets us apart in the full-service restaurant industry. This collective capability is the product of investments over many years in areas that are critical to success in our business, including restaurant operations excellence, brand management excellence, supply chain, talent management and information technology, among other things. Our operating philosophy remains focused on strengthening the core operational fundamentals of the business by providing an outstanding guest experience rooted in culinary innovation, attentive service, and engaging atmosphere enabled by our people. Darden enables each brand to reach its full potential by leveraging its scale, insights, and experience in a way that protects uniqueness and competitive advantages. Additionally, our brands can capitalize on data driven insights to deliver customized one-to-one customer relationship marketing. We hold ourselves accountable for operating our restaurants with a sense of urgency to achieve our commitments to all of our stakeholders. Recent and Planned Restaurant Growth During fiscal 2025, we added 103 company-owned Chuy s restaurants and 25 other net new restaurants in the United States. Our fiscal 2025 actual restaurant openings and closings, fiscal 2026 projected openings, and approximate capital investment, square footage and dining capacity, by brand, are shown below: Actual - Fiscal 2025 Projected - Fiscal 2026 (4) Pro-Forma New Restaurants (4) Restaurant Openings Acquired Restaurant Closings New Restaurant Openings Capital Investment Range (1) (in millions) Approximate Square Feet (2) Approximate Dining Seats (3) Olive Garden 15 19-22 $4.5 - $6.2 7,700 250 LongHorn Steakhouse 16 23-26 $3.8 - $5.1 5,800 180 Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen 3 3 2-3 $4.2 - $5.5 6,300 210 Chuy s 7 103 2 2-4 $4.0 - $4.9 5,700 160 Yard House 2 2 5-6 $7.8 - $9.8 9,000 330 Ruth s Chris 3 1 1-2 $6.0 - $8.0 7,400 200 The Capital Grille 7 2 3-4 $7.0 - $9.7 9,000 260 Seasons 52 1 2 1-2 $6.0 - $7.2 7,400 230 Eddie V s 1 2 2-3 $8.7 - $10.2 10,000 320 Bahama Breeze (5) 1 16 $ - $ Totals 56 103 30 60-65 5 (1) Includes cash investments for building, equipment, furniture and other construction costs; excludes internal capitalized overhead, pre-opening expenses, tenant allowance and future lease obligations. Olive Garden, LongHorn Steakhouse, Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen and Chuy s capital investments are based on costs associated with land-only leases; Yard House, Ruth s Chris, The Capital Grille, Seasons 52 and Eddie V s capital investments are based on ground and building leases. Actual costs can vary significantly depending on the specific location. (2) Includes all space under the roof, including coolers and freezers; based on primary prototypes. (3) Includes bar dining seats and patio seating, but excludes bar stools. (4) The Capital Burger is a development-stage concept with limited pro-forma information, and as such, it is excluded from this table. (5) We are exploring strategic alternatives for the Bahama Breeze brand, and as such, it is excluded from the pro forma section of this table. While our objective is to continue to expand all of our restaurant brands, the actual number of openings for each of our brands for fiscal 2026 will depend on many factors, including our ability to recruit and train restaurant management and hourly personnel, locate appropriate sites, negotiate acceptable purchase or lease terms, obtain necessary local governmental permits, and complete construction. We consider location to be a critical factor in determining a restaurant s long-term success, and we devote significant effort to the site selection process. Prior to entering a market, we conduct a thorough study to determine the optimal number and placement of restaurants. Our site selection process incorporates a variety of analytical techniques to evaluate key factors. These factors include trade area demographics, such as target population density and household income levels; competitive influences in the trade area; the site s visibility, accessibility and traffic volume; and proximity to activity centers such as shopping malls, hotel/motel complexes, offices and universities. Members of senior management evaluate, inspect and approve each restaurant site prior to its acquisition. Constructing and opening a new restaurant typically takes approximately 250 days on average after the site is acquired and permits are obtained. We systematically review the performance of our restaurants to ensure that each one meets our standards. When a restaurant falls below minimum standards, we conduct a thorough analysis to determine the causes, and implement operational and marketing plans to improve that restaurant s performance. If performance does not improve to acceptable levels, the restaurant is evaluated for relocation, closing or conversion to one of our other brands. Permanent closures are typically due to economic changes in trade areas, the expiration of lease agreements, or site concerns. Accordingly, we continue to evaluate our site locations in order to minimize the risk of future closures or asset impairment charges. Restaurant Operations We believe that high-quality restaurant management is critical to our long-term success. Our restaurant management structure varies by brand and restaurant size. We issue detailed operations manuals covering all aspects of restaurant operations, as well as food and beverage manuals which detail the preparation procedures of our recipes. The restaurant management teams are responsible for the day-to-day operation of each restaurant and for ensuring compliance with our operating standards. Each Olive Garden restaurant is led by a General Manager, and each LongHorn Steakhouse and Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen restaurant is led by a Managing Partner. Each also has three to six additional managers, depending on the operating complexity and sales volume of the restaurant. In addition, each restaurant typically employs between 35 to 200 hourly team members, most of whom work part-time. Restaurant General Managers or Managing Partners report to a Director of Operations who is responsible for approximately five to eleven restaurants. Each Director of Operations reports to a Divisional Vice President of Operations who is responsible for between 80 and 120 restaurants. From time to time, we deploy Senior Directors of Operations in our large brands to oversee up to five Directors of Operations and assist with succession planning. Restaurants are visited regularly by operations management, including officer-level executives, to help ensure strict adherence to our standards and to solicit feedback on opportunities for improvement. Each Yard House, Ruth s Chris, The Capital Burger and Bahama Breeze restaurant is led by a General Manager, and each The Capital Grille, Seasons 52, Eddie V s and The Capital Burger restaurant is led by a Managing Partner. Each also has three to ten additional managers. Each Yard House, Ruth s Chris, The Capital Grille, Seasons 52 and Eddie V s restaurant has one executive chef, and some have one to two sous chefs. Each Bahama Breeze and The Capital Burger restaurant has one to three culinary managers. In addition, each restaurant typically employs between 50 to 200 hourly team members, most of whom work part-time. The General Manager or Managing Partner of each restaurant reports directly to a Director of Operations, who has operational responsibility for approximately three to eleven restaurants. Restaurants are visited regularly by operations 6 management, including officer-level executives, to help ensure strict adherence to our standards and to solicit feedback on opportunities for improvement. Each Chuy s restaurant is led by a General Manager. Each restaurant has a First Assistant, Kitchen Manager and an additional one to three managers, depending on the operating complexity and sales volume of the restaurant. In addition, each restaurant typically employs between 60 to 120 hourly team members, most of whom work part-time. Restaurant General Managers report to an Area Supervisor who is responsible for approximately four to seven restaurants. Each Area Supervisor reports to a Senior Director of Operations who is responsible for between 30 40 restaurants. Restaurants are visited regularly by operations management, including officer-level executives, to help ensure strict adherence to our standards and to solicit feedback on opportunities for improvement. Our Learning and Development team in partnership with each brand s training leader, together with senior operations executives, is responsible for developing and maintaining our operations training programs. These efforts include an eight to twelve-week training program for management trainees and continuing development programs for all levels of leadership. The emphasis of the training and development programs varies by restaurant brand, but includes leadership effectiveness, restaurant business management and culinary skills. We also use a highly structured training program to open new restaurants, including deploying training teams experienced in all aspects of restaurant operations. The opening training teams typically begin work one to two weeks prior to opening and remain at the new restaurant for up to three weeks after the opening. They are re-deployed as appropriate to enable a smooth transition to the restaurant s operating staff. We maintain performance measurement and incentive compensation programs for our management-level team members. We believe that our leadership position, strong results-oriented culture and various short-term and long-term incentive programs, including stock-based compensation, enhance our ability to attract and retain highly motivated restaurant managers. Quality Assurance Our Total Quality Department helps ensure that all restaurants provide safe, high-quality food in a clean and safe environment. Through rigorous supplier and risk-based product evaluations, we purchase only products that meet or exceed our product specifications. We rely on independent third parties to inspect and evaluate our suppliers and distributors. Suppliers that produce high-risk ready-to-eat products are subject to a food safety evaluation by Darden personnel at least annually. We require our suppliers to maintain sound manufacturing practices and operate with comprehensive Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) food safety programs and risk-based preventative controls adopted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. These programs focus on preventing hazards that could cause food-borne illnesses by applying scientifically-based controls to analyze hazards, identify and monitor critical control points, and establish corrective actions when monitoring shows that a critical limit has not been met. Third party auditors inspect each restaurant regularly throughout the year to assess food safety and sanitation practices. Our total quality team verifies the application of preventative controls through on-site support visits ensuring an effective and robust food safety system. Total quality managers provide support to operations staff with education and training in food safety and sanitation. The team also serves as a liaison to regulatory agencies on issues relating to food safety. Sourcing and Distribution Ensuring available, safe, high-quality food and supplies at competitive prices to all our restaurants depends on reliable sources of procurement. Our sourcing staff sources, negotiates, and purchases food and supplies from more than 1,400 suppliers whose products originate in more than 30 countries. Suppliers must meet our strict quality control standards in the development, harvest, catch and production of food products. We leverage competitive bids, long-term contracts and strategic supplier relationships to manage availability and cost of products. We contribute to Darden s scale advantage, by directly sourcing product utilizing our supplier relationships, product expertise, dedicated distribution network, while prioritizing food safety. Our staff travels routinely within the United States and internationally to source top-quality food and supplies at competitive prices. We actively engage with and monitor our suppliers, both in person and remotely, including hosting virtual visits and audits. We have excellent long-term relationships with key suppliers and usually source our product directly from producers. 7 We enter into long-term agreements with multiple third-party national distribution companies to deliver food and supplies to our restaurants. Under these arrangements we maintain ownership of the food and supplies inventory through our subsidiary Darden Direct Distribution, Inc. (Darden Direct), managed by third-party distribution partners. Because of the rapid turnover of perishable food products, inventories in the restaurants have a modest aggregate dollar value in relation to sales. We continue to drive automation of our supply chain by collaborating with our suppliers, logistics partners and distributors to improve optimization with information visibility and other technological advances. These and other terms of Darden Direct s long-term supply agreements further enable our sourcing staff to integrate demand forecasts into our purchasing operations, driving efficiencies in our operations. Integrated Marketing Our restaurants appeal to a broad spectrum of consumers. To further strengthen our brands, we focus on highlighting what makes each one unique. Accordingly, our brands evaluate each marketing activity through three filters. The first filter involves elevating brand equity by bringing each brand s competitive advantages to life. The second filter is simple execution, allowing our teams to deliver consistently memorable guest experiences. And finally, it will not be at a deep discount. We are focused on providing great value to our guests but doing so in a way that drives profitable sales growth. Integrated marketing is key to bringing our brands to life, and our scale enables us to be a leading advertiser in the full-service dining segment of the restaurant industry. Olive Garden leverages the efficiency of national advertising, on both traditional and streaming television, supplemented with targeted digital media investments. LongHorn Steakhouse, Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen, Yard House, Ruth s Chris Steak House, The Capital Grille, Chuy s, Seasons 52, Eddie V s and Bahama Breeze also use digital marketing to build engagement and loyalty. In fiscal 2025, we continued a multi-year effort to implement new technology platforms that allow us to digitally engage with our guests and team members and strengthen our marketing and analytics capabilities. We also continued making improvements to our online and mobile ordering and payment systems across all our brands. In addition, we continued working on developing sophisticated customer relationship management programs, data analytics and data-driven marketing approaches to effectively and efficiently target our existing and potential guests across our portfolio of brands. This enables us to tailor our messaging and offerings depending on guest visit history, preferences and brand loyalty. Finally, we have developed and consistently use sophisticated consumer marketing research to monitor guest satisfaction and evolving trends and marketplace dynamics. Human Capital We prioritize our team members through our People Strategy that includes four strategic imperatives: Hire - Attract and select diverse team members that reflect our values and are committed to our results-oriented culture; Train - Teach team members to perform in today s environment and develop the skills to meet tomorrow s needs; Reward - Invest in compelling programs that recognize team members when goals are achieved and further motivate our culture of winning; and Retain - Keep team members engaged and motivated, ready to deliver results and grow their careers. We closely track and assess a variety of metrics that help us evaluate our performance on each of these imperatives. Hire. We are committed to attracting, engaging, developing and retaining a workforce that mirrors the diversity of our guests and the communities in which we operate. We track a variety of workforce statistics to help us understand the gender, racial and ethnic diversity of our team members. Key team member statistics as of the end of fiscal 2025 included the following: Total team members (hourly and salaried) 197,924 Total number of hourly team members 186,993 Percent of hourly team members female 58% Percent of hourly team members members of racial or ethnic minority groups 57% Total number of new hires of hourly team members during fiscal 2025 139,210 8 Percent of hourly new hires female 57% Percent of hourly new hires members of racial or ethnic minority groups 56% In addition to the gender, racial and ethnic diversity of our workforce, our team members are also very diverse in age; we employ members of five generations of the United States population: Traditionalists, Baby Boomers, Generation X, Millennials and Centennials. We provide our EEO-1 report on our website at www.darden.com. Train. We succeed because of our people, and with our success come rewards, recognition and great opportunities for our team members. We regularly invest in our team members careers by providing the tools they need to succeed in their current roles, to grow personally and professionally, and to deliver exceptional experiences to our guests each day. With thousands of leadership positions across our restaurants, we provide a pathway and training for thousands of individuals across the country to advance from entry-level jobs into management roles. In fiscal 2025, 61% of the participants in our restaurant Manager In Training program were internal promotions, and 99% of the new General Managers or Managing Partners were internal promotions. Reward. We believe that we provide working conditions and pay and benefits that compare favorably with those of our competitors. Most team members, other than restaurant management and corporate management, are paid on an hourly basis. We offer our team members flexible work schedules and competitive pay and benefits, including paid sick leave and access to free counseling through our employee assistance program for team members and their families. We regularly review our pay and benefits programs to identify and implement enhancements to the ways we reward our team members. Since fiscal 2022, we have maintained a policy that each hourly restaurant team member company-wide would earn a minimum hourly wage of at least $12 per hour, inclusive of tip income. For fiscal 2025, across all of our brands, our hourly team members earned, on average, $24 per hour, inclusive of tip income, far exceeding that minimum wage. Since fiscal 2018, we have significantly increased the percentage of medical premium contributions we make on behalf of our team members. In fiscal 2025, we subsidized 75-81% (depending on the plan and tier selected) of the premiums for our team members, representing a 17-28% increase in the percentage of medical premiums we contributed as compared to fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2025, we invested approximately $12 million to continue to maintain competitive premiums for our team members. Further, in fiscal 2025, the Darden Restaurants Foundation continued the Next Course Scholarship program for children and dependents of our team members that launched during fiscal 2023. In its third year, the program awarded scholarships worth $3,000 each to 98 children or dependents of Darden team members. In January 2023, we introduced a new benefit for restaurant team members called Fast Fluency. For many of our team members, English is not their first language, and this program provides the opportunity to learn English for free. None of our team members are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our team member relations to be good. We conduct engagement surveys with hourly team members and management twice a year through Gallup, and Darden s overall engagement is well above the average for both U.S. and international companies as measured by Gallup. Consistent with our core values of respect, caring and teamwork, in fiscal 1999, we established a program called Darden Dimes to help fellow Darden team members in need. Darden Dimes provides short-term financial grants to team members experiencing financial need caused by unexpected emergencies or catastrophic natural disasters. Participating team members donate as little as 10 cents from each paycheck to the Darden Dimes fund, which raised over $2.6 million and granted $2.8 million in fiscal 2025. Retain. As a full-service restaurant company, food is always top of mind, but our team members make the difference: they are at the heart of everything we do. We believe the guest experience can never exceed the team member experience, so we strive to hire the best individuals and retain them by fostering an environment of respect and inclusion, where diversity of thought and background is valued and everyone has the opportunity to develop and grow their careers. In addition, our geographic footprint often puts us in a position to offer our restaurant team members jobs in their current roles when personal circumstances require relocation. Darden s consolidated turnover rate for hourly team members during fiscal 2025 was 67%, one of the lowest rates in the restaurant industry. Each of our brands experienced a turnover rate during fiscal 2025 that was lower than the most recent relevant 9 casual dining or fine dining turnover rate for their segment of the industry as reported in The People Report TM by Black Box Intelligence TM . Darden s consolidated restaurant management turnover rate of 16% was also significantly lower than the broader restaurant industry benchmark. Our executive leadership (vice president and above) has an average of over 20 years of experience with Darden, while our restaurant General Managers and Managing Partners have an average of 15 years of experience with us. Information Technology and Cybersecurity We strive for leadership in the restaurant business by using technology as a competitive advantage and as an enabler of our strategy. We have implemented technology-enabled business solutions to improve financial control, cost management, guest service and employee effectiveness, as well as enable e-commerce. These solutions are designed to be used across restaurant brands, yet are flexible enough to meet the unique needs of each restaurant brand. Our strategy is to fully integrate systems to drive operational efficiencies and enable restaurant teams to focus on restaurant operations excellence. Restaurant hardware and software support for our restaurant brands is provided or coordinated from our restaurant support center facility in Orlando, Florida. Our data center contains sufficient computing power to process information from restaurants quickly and efficiently. We leverage public cloud computing where appropriate to enhance our capabilities and to leverage scale. Our information is processed in a secure environment to protect both our data and the physical computing assets. We guard against business interruption by maintaining a disaster recovery plan, which includes storing critical business information off-site, testing the disaster recovery plan annually and providing on-site power backup. We periodically engage third parties to perform cybersecurity audits utilizing the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. We also engage third parties to conduct security reviews of our network, processes and systems on a regular basis. We use internally developed proprietary software, cloud-based software as a service (SaaS), as well as purchased software, with proven, non-proprietary hardware. Our brands share a secure, robust digital platform with online ordering and other guest-facing capabilities. We also have deployed mobile applications with online ordering and other features for most of our casual dining brands and specialty restaurant brands. We successfully leverage these digital capabilities to address evolving guest needs. We will continue to invest in these platforms and applications to enhance the guest experience. We maintain a robust system of data protection and cybersecurity resources, technology and processes. We regularly evaluate new and emerging risks and ever-changing legal and compliance requirements. We make strategic investments to address these risks, including maintaining insurance coverage to mitigate the potential financial consequences of cybersecurity incidents, and compliance requirements to keep Company, guest and team member data secure. We monitor risks of sensitive information compromise at our business partners where relevant and reevaluate these risks on a periodic basis. We also perform annual and ongoing cybersecurity awareness training for our restaurant management and restaurant support center team members. In addition, we provide annual credit card handling training following Payment Card Industry (PCI) guidelines to team members who handle guest credit cards. Our management believes that our current systems and practice of implementing regular updates position us well to support current needs and future growth. We use a strategic information systems multi-year planning process that involves senior management and is integrated into our overall business planning. We provide data protection and cybersecurity reports to the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors on a quarterly basis, which has oversight of risks related to cybersecurity threats. These reports are also provided periodically to the full Board of Directors. Information systems projects are prioritized based upon strategic, financial, regulatory, risk and other business advantage criteria. Competition The restaurant industry is intensely competitive with respect to the type and quality of food, price, service, restaurant location, personnel, brand, attractiveness of facilities, availability of carryout and home delivery, internet and mobile ordering capabilities and effectiveness of advertising and marketing. The restaurant business is often affected by changes in consumer tastes; national, regional or local economic conditions; demographic trends; traffic patterns; the type, number and location of competing restaurants; and consumers discretionary purchasing power. We compete within each market with national and regional chains and locally-owned restaurants for guests, management and hourly personnel and suitable real estate sites. In addition, expanding product offerings at fast casual and quick-service restaurants and the convenience of home delivery services, together with negative economic conditions, could cause consumers to choose less expensive alternatives or reduce the frequency of their restaurant visits. We expect intense competition to continue in all of these areas. 10 Other factors pertaining to our competitive position in the industry are addressed under the sections entitled Sourcing and Distribution, Integrated Marketing and Information Technology and Cybersecurity in this Item 1 and in our Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Form 10-K. Trademarks and Service Marks We regard our Olive Garden , LongHorn Steakhouse , Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen , Chuy s , Yard House , Ruth s Chris Steak House , The Capital Grille , Seasons 52 , Eddie V s Prime Seafood , Bahama Breeze , The Capital Burger , Darden and Darden Restaurants service marks, and other service marks and trademarks related to our restaurant businesses, as having significant value and as being important to our marketing efforts. Our policy is to pursue registration of our important service marks and trademarks and to vigorously oppose any infringement of them. Generally, with appropriate renewal and use, the registration of our service marks and trademarks will continue indefinitely. Franchises, Joint Ventures and New Business Development As of May 25, 2025, we owned and operated 2,159 restaurants through subsidiaries in the United States and Canada. We own all of those locations, except for 5 restaurants we manage through joint venture or other contractual agreements. In all instances, we maintain control over the use of our service marks and receive management fees, which are not material to our consolidated financial statements. As of May 25, 2025, franchisees operated 85 franchised restaurants in the United States and 69 franchised restaurants outside of the United States. We have area development, franchise and/or license agreements in place with unaffiliated operators to develop and operate Olive Garden, LongHorn Steakhouse, Cheddar s Scratch Kitchen, Yard House, Ruth s Chris, The Capital Grille and Bahama Breeze restaurants in the following regions: United States (including Puerto Rico and Guam), Canada, Mexico, Central and South America (Brazil, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala and Panama), Asia (Philippines, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Indonesia, Singapore, Japan and India) Caribbean (Aruba, Jamaica, Bahamas, Barbados and Cayman Islands), Europe (Spain) Middle East (Saudi Arabia and Qatar). The open and operating franchised restaurants are all reflected in the table under the Introduction section of this Item 1. We do not have an ownership interest in any of these franchisees, but we receive fees under the area development and franchise agreements and royalty income under the franchise or license agreements. The amount of income we derive from our franchise arrangements is not material to our consolidated financial statements. The restaurants operating under contractual agreements are also reflected in the table under the Introduction section of this Item 1. We do not have an ownership interest in any of these locations, but we receive incentive and royalty fees under the management agreements. The amount of income we derive from our managed agreement arrangements is not material to our consolidated financial statements. We license the sales and distribution of several items including Olive Garden salad dressings, salad croutons and seasoning through various channels including wholesale distribution chains and major grocery chains. The amount of income we derive from these licensing arrangements is not material to our consolidated financial statements. Seasonality Our sales volumes have historically fluctuated seasonally. Our average sales per restaurant are highest in the winter and spring, followed by the fall and summer. Holidays, changes in the economy, severe weather and similar conditions may impact sales volumes seasonally in some operating regions. Because of the historical seasonality of our business and these other factors, results for any fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. 11 Government Regulation We are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws affecting our business. Each of our restaurants must comply with licensing requirements and regulations by a number of governmental authorities, which include health, safety and fire agencies in the state or municipality in which a restaurant is located. The development and operation of restaurants depend on selecting and acquiring suitable sites, which are subject to zoning, land use, environmental, traffic and other regulations. To date, we have not been significantly affected by any difficulty, delay or failure to obtain required licenses or approvals. During fiscal 2025, 10.6 percent of our sales were attributable to the sale of alcoholic beverages. Regulations governing the sale of alcoholic beverages require licensure by each site (in most cases, on an annual basis), and licenses may be revoked or suspended for cause at any time. These regulations relate to many aspects of restaurant operations, including the minimum age of patrons and employees, hours of operation, advertising, wholesale purchasing, inventory control and handling, and storage and dispensing of alcoholic beverages. In recent years, many states have modified their regulations to permit To Go sales of alcoholic beverages, and in some locations we now offer a variety of alcoholic beverages to go, including in bottles, from draft and mixed drinks. The failure of a restaurant to obtain or retain alcoholic beverage licenses or to comply with regulations governing the sale of alcoholic beverages would adversely affect a restaurant s operations. We also are subject in certain states to dram shop statutes, which generally provide an injured party with recourse against an establishment that serves alcoholic beverages to an intoxicated person who then causes injury to himself or a third party. We carry liquor liability coverage as part of our comprehensive general liability insurance. We also are subject to federal, state and local minimum wage laws and other laws governing such matters as overtime, tip credits, working conditions, paid leave, safety standards, and hiring and employment practices. In April 2024, the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) announced updates to the Fair Labor Standards Act overtime rules that, in two stages, one on July 1, 2024 and a second on January 1, 2025 increase the salary threshold above which non-exempt workers are required to be paid overtime. In November 2024, a federal judge in Texas struck down the DOL's proposed rule. As a result, the salary thresholds reverted to the 2019 rule, resetting the white-collar and highly compensated employee exemptions at $35,568 and $107,432, respectively. Since 1995, Darden has had a Tip Rate Alternative Commitment (TRAC) agreement with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). TRAC requirements, which include increased educational and other efforts in each restaurant to increase the reporting compliance of employees with respect to cash tips, are applied across all of our brands. Compliance with TRAC requirements reduces the likelihood of potential employer-only FICA tax assessments related to cash tips that are unreported by employees at Darden s covered units. Consistent with our long-standing agreement with the IRS, we work proactively with IRS personnel responsible for tip compliance to ensure that we are taking the appropriate steps to continue to meet our TRAC obligations. We are subject to federal and state environmental regulations, but these rules have not had a material effect on our operations. During fiscal 2025, there were no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities and [no material expenditures for this purpose are anticipated]. Our facilities must comply with the applicable requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA) and related state accessibility statutes. Under the ADA and related state laws, we must provide equivalent service to disabled persons and make reasonable accommodation for their employment, and when constructing or undertaking significant remodeling of our restaurants, we must make those facilities accessible. We are subject to federal and state regulations relating to employer-provided health insurance, but these rules have not had a material effect on our operations. We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the preparation and sale of food, including regulations regarding product safety, nutritional content and menu labeling. We are subject to laws and regulations requiring disclosure of calorie, fat, trans fat, salt and allergen content. We are subject to laws relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments and consumer credit, protection and fraud. An increasing number of governments and industry groups worldwide have established data privacy laws and standards for the protection of personal information, including social security numbers, financial information (including credit card numbers), and health information. As a merchant and service provider of point-of-sale services, we are also subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard issued by the Payment Card Industry Council (PCI DSS). We are subject to anti-corruption laws in the United States and in the international jurisdictions where we do business, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. We are also subject to a variety of international laws relating to franchising and licensing of intellectual property in the various countries across the world where we are engaged in franchising our restaurant brands. 12 See Item 1A Risk Factors below for a discussion of risks relating to federal, state and local regulation of our business, including in the areas of data privacy and environmental matters. Sustainability The sustainability of our food sources and restaurant operations is a key component of providing great service and food to our guests. During fiscal 2025, we remained focused on our climate strategy, restaurant sustainability metrics and Darden s Animal Welfare Council. We will continue to adapt our sustainability approach with development or enhancement of integrated and strategic priorities in the near term across our operations, from the food we source to the operation of our restaurants. Darden manages energy and water conservation within our restaurant operations and engages with our supply chain partners on sustainability topics including climate, water, deforestation and animal welfare. In fiscal 2025, Darden continued to develop our understanding, measurement systems and relevant disclosures in our priority focus areas. Additional environmental indicators, including energy and water consumption, waste generation and diversion, as well as Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, are reported on our website at www.darden.com/our-impact/communities/sustainability . Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions (1) Fiscal Year Ended (in metric tons CO2e) May 25, 2025 May 26, 2024 May 28, 2023 (3) Average Per Restaurant (2) 380 400 410 Total - Scope 1 and 2 833,462 (3) 818,117 785,862 (1) As of fiscal 2024, GHG reporting is for the same fiscal year for which current financial results are included in this report. Above emissions are for owned and operated restaurants only. Franchises are accounted for in our Scope 3 inventory. (2) GHG Emissions per Restaurant Intensity Ratio includes only Scope 1 and 2 totals (as defined in the Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard of the GHG Protocol) divided by the total number of restaurants at the end of each fiscal year. (3) APEX Companies, LLC provided statements of third-party verification to a limited assurance level for the above stated values for the fiscal years ended 2025, 2024 and 2023 in accordance with ISO Standard 14064-3 Second edition 2019-4 on greenhouse gases- Part 3: Specification with guidance for the verification and validation of GHG statements. We shared Darden s Food Principles in 2016 to outline our commitment to guests in areas of sustainable sourcing, nutritional disclosure, food safety and animal welfare. Darden s Food Principles connect each of these strategic business efforts in a guest-centered platform, including sourcing and ingredient commitments to our guests. We continue to work with our supplier partners to make progress in these focus areas, and we provide annual updates on our efforts in the Sustainability section of our website, www.darden.com . Building on our Food Principles, Darden established an Animal Welfare Policy that adopts an outcomes-based approach to continue to ensure a high level of care for farm animals in our food supply chain. To implement this policy, we established an Animal Welfare Council consisting of leading academics and thought leaders with expertise in the care of animals in food supply chains. The Council advises and supports the Company on our efforts to advance strategy and implementation of an outcomes-based approach to animal welfare, from supplier collaborations to reporting improvements. More information about our sustainability strategy, our commitment to our guests on Food Principles and our progress to date is available at www.darden.com . Darden Foundation and Community Affairs We are recognized for a culture that rewards caring for and responding to people. That defines service for Darden. The Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation (the Foundation) works to bring this spirit of service to life through its philanthropic support of charitable organizations across the country and support for the volunteer involvement of our team members. The Foundation does this by focusing its philanthropic efforts on programs that enhance the communities where our team members and guests live and work. In addition, team members at our Restaurant Support Center are eligible for 16 hours per calendar year of paid time for approved community service activities during scheduled work hours. In fiscal 2025, the Foundation awarded approximately $4.0 million in grants to national organizations as well as local nonprofits, including Second Harvest Food Bank of Central Florida and the Heart of Florida United Way. These organizations 13 provide service to the public through hunger relief, community investment, and the promotion of career opportunities in the culinary industry. The Foundation continues to invest in mobile food pantry programs through its long-standing partnership with Feeding America. In fiscal 2025, the Foundation awarded a $2.0 million grant to provide refrigerated box trucks to help Feeding America increase access to nutritious food and address transportation needs at food banks that are under-resourced and serve communities with high percentages of food insecurity. Over five consecutive years, the Foundation has funded more than 50 vehicles to meet the increasing demand for food assistance in communities where we operate. The most recent donation marks a total of $20.3 million that the Foundation and Darden have contributed to the Feeding America network since 2010. Our support of Feeding America and the fight against hunger complement our Darden Harvest program, which began in 2003 as a mechanism for delivering fresh and healthy food to people who need it. Each day, our restaurants collect surplus, wholesome food that is not served to guests and, rather than discarding the food, they prepare it for donation to local nonprofit feeding partners. In fiscal 2025, Darden contributed approximately 6 million pounds of food, the equivalent of 5 million meals provided to people in need across the communities served by our restaurants. As an added benefit of the Darden Harvest program, we are able to divert millions of pounds of surplus food from waste streams every year. The Foundation s funding helps support the National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation s ProStart program, a national high school program that introduces students to the restaurant industry and provides them with an industry-driven curriculum on topics ranging from culinary techniques to management skills. The Foundation s fiscal 2025 contribution of $250,000 also supports the Restaurant Ready program to engage and encourage disconnected young people to pursue a path to employment and improve their quality of life. We are also a proud member of the American Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program, which enables the Red Cross to respond to the needs of individuals and families impacted by disasters anywhere in the United States. In fiscal 2025, the Foundation provided $500,000 to the American Red Cross for the program. In addition to financial support, our restaurants donate meals to feed first responders and victims of natural disasters. In fiscal 2025, the Foundation supported the third annual Next Course Scholarship program to help the children or dependents of Darden team members reach their educational goals. The Foundation has partnered with Scholarship America to administer the initiative, which provided scholarships for post-secondary education to children or dependents of eligible full-time and part-time Darden team members for the 2025-26 academic year. As a result, 98 children or dependents of Darden team members were awarded scholarships worth $3,000 each. These team members represent more than 90 different restaurants across eight of our brands and 31 states. More information about the Foundation and its efforts to enhance the quality of life in the communities where we do business is available on our website at www.darden.com . Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Various risks and uncertainties could affect our business. Any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this report or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. Risks Relating to Inflation and Macroeconomic Disruption A failure to address cost pressures, including rising costs for commodities, labor, health care and utilities used by our restaurants, and a failure to effectively deliver cost management activities and achieve economies of scale in purchasing could compress our margins and adversely affect our sales and results of operations. Our results of operations depend significantly on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in the price and availability of food, ingredients, labor, health care, utilities, fuel and other related costs over which we may have little control. While inflationary conditions have somewhat abated in recent periods, we have experienced and continue to experience higher than normal inflationary conditions with respect to most or all of these costs during fiscal 2025. Operating margins for our restaurants are subject to changes in the price and availability of food commodities, including beef, pork, chicken, seafood, cheese, butter and produce. The introduction of or changes to tariffs or adverse impacts resulting from restrictive trade policies or trade disputes on imported food products, such as produce and seafood, could increase our costs and possibly impact the supply of those products. 14 We cannot predict whether we will continue to be able to anticipate and react to changing food costs by adjusting our purchasing practices, menu offerings, and menu prices, and a failure to do so could adversely affect our operating results. We attempt to leverage our size to achieve economies of scale in purchasing, but there can be no assurances that we can always do so effectively. We are also subject to the general risks of inflation and its impact on the macroeconomic environment. Increases in minimum wage, health care and other benefit costs may have a material adverse effect on our labor costs. We operate in many states and localities where the minimum wage is significantly higher than the federal minimum wage. The market for labor in the United States is competitive and has resulted in pressure on wages and may continue to do so in the future. Increases in minimum wage and market pressure may also result in increases in the wage rates paid for non-minimum wage positions. Many states and localities are also passing laws regulating employment practices and working conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our labor costs in those areas. Our restaurants operating margins are also affected by fluctuations in the price of utilities such as electricity and natural gas, whether as a result of inflation or otherwise, on which the restaurants depend for their energy supply. In addition, interruptions to the availability of gas, electric, water or other utilities, whether due to aging infrastructure, weather conditions, fire, animal damage, trees, digging accidents, geopolitical impacts or other reasons largely out of our control, may adversely affect our operations. Our inability to anticipate and respond effectively to an adverse change in any of these factors could have a significant adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Certain economic and business factors and their impacts on the restaurant industry and other general macroeconomic factors, including unemployment, energy prices and interest rates that are largely beyond our control may adversely affect consumer behavior and our sales and results of operations. Our business results depend on a number of industry-specific and general economic factors, many of which are beyond our control, and may adversely affect consumer behavior and our sales and our results of operations. The full-service dining sector of the restaurant industry is affected by changes in international, national, regional and local economic conditions, seasonal fluctuation of sales volumes, consumer spending patterns and consumer preferences, including changes in consumer tastes and dietary habits, and the level of consumer acceptance of our restaurant brands. The performance of individual restaurants may also be adversely affected by factors such as demographic trends, severe weather including hurricanes, traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing restaurants. General economic conditions, including slow global recovery from economic downturns, geopolitical conditions and uncertainty about the strength or pace of economic recovery, have also adversely affected our results of operations and may continue to do so. Economic recession, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening economy, political instability, increased unemployment, increased inflation, increased energy prices, rising interest rates, a downgrade of the U.S. government s long-term credit rating, imposition of retaliatory tariffs on important U.S. imports and exports or other industry-wide cost pressures have affected and can continue to affect consumer behavior and spending for restaurant dining occasions and lead to a decline in sales and earnings. Economic uncertainty has caused and may continue to cause guests to make fewer discretionary purchases, and any significant decrease in our guest traffic or average profit per transaction will negatively impact our financial performance. In addition, if gasoline, natural gas, electricity and other energy costs remain at the current elevated levels or increase further, and credit card, home mortgage and other borrowing costs increase with rising interest rates, our guests may have lower disposable income and reduce the frequency of their dining occasions, may spend less on each dining occasion or may choose more inexpensive food options. Furthermore, we cannot predict the effects that actual or threatened armed conflicts, including the ongoing armed conflicts in the Ukraine and the Middle East, terrorist attacks, efforts to combat terrorism, heightened security requirements, or a failure to protect information systems for critical infrastructure, such as the electrical grid and telecommunications systems, could have on our operations, the economy or consumer confidence generally. Any of these events could affect consumer spending patterns or result in increased costs for us due to security measures. Unfavorable changes in the above factors or in other business and economic conditions affecting our guests could increase our costs, reduce traffic in some or all of our restaurants or impose practical limits on pricing, any of which could lower our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Human Capital The inability to hire, train, reward and retain restaurant team members and determine and maintain adequate staffing may impact our ability to achieve our operating, growth and financial objectives. Our long-term growth depends substantially on our ability to recruit and retain high-quality team members to work in and manage our restaurants. Adequate staffing and retention of qualified restaurant team members is a critical factor impacting our 15 guests experience in our restaurants. Maintaining adequate staffing in our existing restaurants and hiring and training staff for our new restaurants require precise workforce planning which has been complicated by the competitive labor market in the United States. The market for the most qualified talent continues to be competitive, and we must provide competitive wages, benefits and workplace conditions to maintain our most qualified team members. A shortage of qualified candidates who meet all legal citizenship or work authorization requirements, failure to recruit and retain new team members in a timely manner or higher than expected turnover levels all could affect our ability to open new restaurants, grow sales at existing restaurants or meet our labor cost objectives. Anticipated changes in immigration laws and regulations could decrease the pool of candidates with legal work authorizations, cause disruption in the workforce for all companies that rely on hourly workers and increase the costs, time and requirements to hire new employees. An inability to adequately monitor and proactively respond to team member dissatisfaction could lead to poor guest satisfaction, higher turnover, litigation and unionization, which could jeopardize our ability to meet our growth targets or impact our results of operations. A failure to recruit, develop and retain effective leaders or the loss or shortage of personnel with key capacities and skills could impact our strategic direction and jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets. Our future growth depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of key executives and other leadership team members. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management team members in order to achieve our current business objectives and support our projected growth. Unplanned changes in senior management could expose us to significant changes in strategic direction and initiatives. A failure to maintain appropriate organizational capacity and capability to support leadership excellence (adequate resources, innovative skill sets and expectations) and build adequate bench strength required for growth or a loss of key skill sets could jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets. We may be subject to increased labor and insurance costs. Our restaurant operations are subject to United States and Canadian federal, state and local laws governing such matters as minimum wages, working conditions, overtime and tip credits. As federal, state and local minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wages of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to employees at wage rates that are above minimum wage. Labor shortages, increased employee turnover and health care and other benefit or working condition regulations also have increased and may continue to increase our labor costs. These increased costs could, in turn, lead us to increase our menu prices, which could negatively impact our sales. Conversely, if competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in menu prices, our profitability may decline. In addition, the current premiums that we pay for our insurance (including workers compensation, general liability, property, health, and directors and officers liability) may increase at any time, thereby further increasing our costs. The dollar amount of claims that we experience under our workers compensation and general liability insurance, for which we carry high per-claim deductibles, may also increase at any time, thereby further increasing our costs. Further, the decreased availability of property and liability insurance has the potential to negatively impact the cost of premiums and the magnitude of uninsured losses. Risks Relating to Health and Safet y Health concerns arising from food-related pandemics, outbreaks of flu, viruses or other diseases may have an adverse effect on our business. The United States and other countries have experienced, or may experience in the future, outbreaks of viruses, such as the novel coronavirus that caused COVID-19, norovirus, avian flu or SARS, MERS, H1N1 or swine flu, or other diseases. To the extent that a virus or disease is food-borne, or perceived to be food-borne, future outbreaks may adversely affect the price and availability of certain food products and cause our guests to eat less of a product, or could reduce public confidence in food handling and/or public assembly. For example, public concern over avian flu may cause fear about the consumption of chicken, eggs and other products derived from poultry, and the inability to serve poultry-based products would restrict our ability to provide a variety of menu items to our guests. If we change a restaurant menu in response to such concerns, we may lose guests who do not prefer the new menu, and we may not be able to attract a sufficient new guest base to produce the sales needed to make the restaurant profitable. We also may have different or additional competitors for our intended guests as a result of such a change and may not be able to successfully compete against such competitors. If a virus is transmitted by human contact or respiratory transmission, our employees or guests could become infected, or could choose, or be advised, to avoid gathering in public places, any of which could adversely affect our restaurant guest traffic and our ability to adequately staff our restaurants, receive deliveries on a timely basis or perform functions at the corporate level. We also could be adversely affected if the World Health Organization and/or The United States Centers for Disease Control were to restrict travel to affected geographic areas where we source our products, thus possibly impacting the continuity of supply. Additionally, jurisdictions in which we have restaurants may impose mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures or impose restrictions on operations. Even if such measures are not implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or significant health risk may cause guests to choose other alternatives to dining out in our restaurants which may adversely affect our business. 16 A failure to maintain food safety throughout the supply chain and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business. Food safety is a top priority for us, and we dedicate substantial resources to ensuring that our guests enjoy safe, quality food products. Even with strong preventative interventions and controls, food safety issues could be caused at the source or by food suppliers or distributors and, as a result, may be out of our control and require prompt action to mitigate impact. In addition, regardless of the source or cause, any report of food-borne illnesses caused by pathogens such as E. coli, hepatitis A, norovirus, listeria or salmonella, or other food safety issues including food tampering or contamination at one of our restaurants could adversely affect the reputation of our brands and have a negative impact on our sales. Even instances of food-borne illness, food tampering or food contamination occurring solely at our competitors restaurants, suppliers or distributors (even if we do not work with them) could result in negative publicity about the food service industry generally and adversely impact our sales. Social media has dramatically increased the speed with which negative publicity, including actual or perceived food safety incidents, is disseminated before there is any meaningful opportunity to investigate, respond to and address an issue. The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins. Risks Relating to Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and insufficient guest or employee facing technology or a failure to maintain a continuous and secure cyber network, free from material failure, interruption or security breach, could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and/or result in the loss of respected relationships with our guests or employees. We rely heavily on information systems across our operations, including for e-commerce, marketing programs, employee engagement, management of our supply chain, the point-of-sale processing system in our restaurants, and various other processes and transactions. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, security and capacity of these systems. In addition, we must effectively respond to changing guest expectations and new technological developments, and if we fail to implement emerging technologies as quickly and efficiently as our competitors, we may lose guests or employees. As technology continues to play an increasing role in our guests experiences, disruptions, failures or other performance issues with guest-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our guests. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or any other failure to maintain a continuous and secure cyber network could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to the Company, our team members or guests. This could include the theft of our intellectual property, trade secrets or sensitive personal or financial information. Some of these essential business processes that are dependent on technology are outsourced to third parties. While we make efforts to ensure that our providers are observing proper standards and controls, we cannot guarantee that breaches or failures caused by these outsourced providers will not occur. From time to time, we and our third party service providers and suppliers experience unauthorized attempts to infiltrate and interrupt information systems. To date, interruptions of these information systems as a result of unauthorized infiltration attempts have not had a material impact on our operations. However, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. In addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our and our service providers and key suppliers cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized access, theft, use, destruction or other compromises are becoming increasingly sophisticated, more difficult to detect, contain and mitigate, and may occur through a variety of methods, including attacks using malicious code, vulnerabilities in software, hardware or other infrastructure (including systems used by our supply chain), system misconfigurations, phishing or social engineering. Failure of our or our service providers information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive and confidential data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, reputational harm to the companies and their brands, operational disruptions, legal challenges and significant remediation and other costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any such failures or disruptions, whether caused by system failures or threat actors attempting to infiltrate our systems, may cause delays in guest service, reduce efficiency in our operations, require significant capital investments to remediate the problem, result in customer, employee or advertiser dissatisfaction or otherwise result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation. We could also be subjected to litigation, regulatory investigations or the imposition of penalties. Such security breaches also could result in a violation of applicable U.S. and international privacy, cyber and other laws or trigger data breach notification laws, including new disclosure rules promulgated by the SEC, and subject us to private third party or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings, any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. As information security laws and regulations change and cyber risks evolve, we may be required to make significant capital 17 investments and other expenditures to comply with new legal requirements, investigate security incidents, remedy cybersecurity issues, recuperate lost data, prevent future compromises and adapt systems and practices to react to the changing threat environment. We may incur increased costs to comply with privacy and data protection laws, and, if we fail to comply or our systems are compromised, we could be subject to government enforcement actions, private litigation and adverse publicity. We receive and maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our customers, employees, vendors and suppliers. In addition, certain of our vendors receive and maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our employees and customers. The use and handling, including security, of this information is regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding data privacy laws and regulations in various jurisdictions, as well as by certain third-party contracts and industry standards. Complying with existing and newly developed laws and regulations, which are subject to change and uncertain interpretations and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, may lead to a decline in guest engagement or cause us to incur substantial costs or modifications to our operations or business practices to comply. The increasingly complex and evolving regulatory environment related to data privacy and data protection laws may result in significant costs arising from compliance and from any non-compliance, whether or not due to our negligence, and could affect our brand reputation and our results of operations. We have and expect to continue to have significant expenses arising from compliance with these regulatory regimes due to changes in the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches. In addition, if our security and information systems are compromised as a result of data corruption or loss, cyber-attack or a network security incident, or if our employees or vendors fail to comply with these laws and regulations or fail to meet industry standards and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately, it could result in liabilities and penalties and could damage our reputation, cause interruption of normal business performance, cause us to incur substantial costs and result in a loss of customer confidence, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we could be subject to litigation and government enforcement actions as a result of any such failure. Risks Related to the Integration of Chuy s The inability to successfully integrate the Chuy s brand s operations into our business could harm our ability to achieve the sales growth, cost savings and other benefits we expect to be able to realize from Chuy s operations. The integration of the Chuy s business into our operations is a complex, costly and time-consuming process that may not be successful. The primary areas of focus for successfully combining the business of Chuy s with our operations include, among others: retaining and integrating management and other key employees; integrating information, communications and other systems; and managing the growth of the combined company. Even if we successfully integrate the business of Chuy s into our operations, there can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated benefits. We expect that the acquisition of Chuy s will result in various benefits for the combined company including, among others, business and growth opportunities and significant synergies from increased efficiency in purchasing, distribution and other restaurant and corporate support. Increased competition and/or deterioration in business conditions may limit or delay our ability to expand this business. As such, we may not be able to realize the synergies, goodwill, business opportunities and growth prospects anticipated in connection with the acquisition of Chuy s. Risks Related to the Restaurant Industry We are subject to a number of risks relating to public policy changes and federal, state and local regulation of our business, including in the areas of environmental matters, minimum wage, employee benefit regulations, unionization, menu labeling, immigration requirements and taxes, and an insufficient or ineffective response to legislation or government regulation may adversely impact our cost structure, operational efficiencies and talent availability. The restaurant industry is subject to extensive federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. The development and operation of restaurants depends on the selection and acquisition of suitable sites to a significant extent, which are subject to building, zoning, land use, environmental, traffic and other regulations and requirements. We are subject to licensing and regulation by state and local authorities relating to health, sanitation, safety and fire standards and the sale of alcoholic beverages. We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the preparation and sale of food, including regulations regarding product safety, nutritional content and menu labeling. We are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing employment practices and working conditions. These laws cover minimum wage rates, wage and hour practices, labor relations, paid and family leave, workplace safety, and immigration, among others. The myriad of laws and regulations being passed at the state and local level creates unique challenges for a multi-state employer as different standards apply to different locations, sometimes with conflicting requirements. We must continue to monitor and adapt our employment practices to comply with these various laws and regulations. 18 We also are subject to federal and state laws which prohibit discrimination and other laws regulating the design and operation of facilities, such as the ADA. Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and increase our exposure to litigation and governmental proceedings, and a failure or perceived failure to comply with these laws could result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation. New or changing laws and regulations relating to union organizing rights and activities may impact our operations at the restaurant level and increase our labor costs. We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge, emission and disposal of hazardous materials. There also has been increasing focus by United States and overseas governmental authorities on other environmental matters, such as climate change, the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and water consumption. This increased focus may lead to new initiatives directed at regulating a yet to be specified array of environmental matters. Legislative, regulatory or other efforts to combat climate change or other environmental concerns could result in future increases in the cost of raw materials, taxes, compliance, risk management, transportation and utilities, which could decrease our operating profits and necessitate future investments in facilities and equipment. We are subject to laws relating to information security, cashless payments and consumer credit, protection and fraud. Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly, and any failure or perceived failure to comply with these laws or any breach of our systems could harm our reputation or lead to litigation, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. The impact of current laws and regulations, the effect of future changes in laws or regulations that impose additional requirements and the consequences of litigation relating to current or future laws and regulations, or an insufficient or ineffective response to significant regulatory or public policy issues, could negatively impact our cost structure, operational efficiencies and talent availability, and therefore have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Failure to comply with the laws and regulatory requirements of federal, state and local authorities could result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings. We face intense competition, and if we have an insufficient strategy or focus on competition and the consumer landscape, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. The full-service dining sector of the restaurant industry is intensely competitive with respect to pricing, service, location, personnel, take-out and delivery options and type and quality of food, and there are many well-established competitors. We compete within each market with national and regional restaurant chains and locally-owned restaurants. We also face growing competition as a result of the trend toward convergence in grocery, deli and restaurant services, particularly in the supermarket industry which offers convenient meals in the form of improved entr es, side dishes or meal preparation kits from the deli or prepared foods sections. Furthermore, delivery aggregators and food delivery services provide consumers with convenient access to a broad range of competing restaurant chains and food retailers, particularly in urbanized areas, and may form a closer relationship with our customers and increase costs to us. We compete primarily on the quality, variety and value perception of menu items. The number and location of restaurants, type of brand, quality and efficiency of service, attractiveness of facilities and effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs are also important factors. We anticipate that intense competition will continue with respect to all of these factors. We may be unable to successfully respond to changing consumer preferences, including with respect to new technologies and alternative methods of engaging with our brands, like delivery. In addition, online platforms and aggregators may direct potential customers to other options based on paid placements, online reviews or other factors. If we are unable to continue to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are subject to changes in consumer preferences that may adversely affect demand for food at our restaurants. Consumers are continually changing health and dietary preferences. As a result, our diverse portfolio of restaurant brands are continually challenged to evolve our menu offerings to appeal to these changing customer preferences, while maintaining our brand character and retaining popular menu items. During periods of high public health risk such as during the COVID-19 pandemic, many consumers choose to order food To Go or for delivery rather than dining in at full-service restaurants. If other future public health issues cause these preferences to increase, we may need to further adapt our offerings to respond to these additional changes. New informat