=== DXCM_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS Our short and long-term success is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors that are difficult to predict or beyond our control. Before making a decision to invest in, hold or sell our common stock, stockholders and potential stockholders should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the other information we file with the SEC, including our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the value of our common stock could decline and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment. Furthermore, additional risks and uncertainties of which we are currently unaware, or which we currently consider to be immaterial, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Refer to our disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Risks Related to Pricing and Reimbursement If we experience decreasing prices for our products and we are unable to reduce our expenses, including the per unit cost of producing our products, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We have experienced, and anticipate that we will continue to experience, decreasing prices for our products due to future reimbursement changes under Medicare and pricing pressure from managed care organizations and other third-party payors. In the United States and other countries, government and private sector access to health care products continues to be a subject of focus, and efforts to reduce health care costs are being made by third-party payors. Most of our customers rely on third-party payors, including government programs and private health insurance plans, to cover the cost of the G6, G7, G-7 15 Day, Dexcom One, and Dexcom ONE+. We expect that these continuing cost reduction and containment measures could result in lower prices for these products and lower reimbursement rates, as well as could lead to patients being unable to obtain approval for coverage or payment from these third-party payors resulting in costs being shifted to patients for these products. Additionally, we may experience pricing pressure if our products are increasingly subject to competitive bidding processes, which include substantial costs and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us or may be split among competitors. For example, in June 2025, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services published a proposed rule that would subject continuous glucose monitors to the competitive bidding process, which could negatively impact our reimbursement and result in price decreases. In late 2025, CMS extended the DMEPOS competitive bidding program to include our CGMs and receivers, with contracting beginning in 2027 and payment changes taking effect in 2028. Under the program, DMEPOS suppliers compete to become Medicare contract suppliers by submitting bids to furnish certain items in CBAs. CMS anticipates that ten (10) contracts will be awarded for CGMs. However, while the competitive bidding program previously used CBAs for contract awards, CMS determined that for CGMs and certain other DME, a RID CBA was more appropriate. It remains to be seen whether CGMs will be covered under a single, nationwide RID CBA or whether regional RID CBAs will be established. In any event, the bid process is expected to result in lower Medicare reimbursement for CGM systems, particularly because CMS is changing the pricing under the RID CBA by setting a single payment amount for covered items at the 75 th percentile of the winning bids, rather than using the maximum winning bid. Further, CMS has reclassified CGMs and insulin infusion pumps to items that require frequent and substantial servicing and will phase in monthly rental payments for these items. CMS will bundle the rental amount for the receiver device with payment for the supplies and accessories in the new payment amount. The bid limit will be monthly fee schedule amounts for the supplies plus the average purchase fee schedule amounts for the CGM receiver device divided by 60 (intended to capture the 5-year useful life of the device.) As a result, we expect that Medicare reimbursement for our CGM systems will decrease beginning in 2028. CMS is required by law to recompete these contracts at least once every three years and to roll out the competitive bidding process nationally or adjust prices in non-competitive bidding areas to match competitive bidding prices. The implementation of the competitive bidding program is expected to result in reduced Medicare payment for CGMs in both competitive bidding areas and non-competitive bidding areas. Additionally, the new bidding system will contain a country of origin question to obtain information on where products are manufactured; however, it is unclear how CMS intends to use this information. Given that we maintain offshore manufacturing facilities, country of origin reporting could have an impact on our business. Competitive bidding could negatively impact our reimbursement and result in price decreases. To the extent these 27 cost containment efforts are not offset by greater patient access to our products, our revenue may be reduced and our business may be harmed. On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed the budget reconciliation bill (entitled One Big Beautiful Bill Act , or the Bill) to meet spending targets aimed at funding the Administration s domestic priorities that includes significant changes to the Medicaid program. Congressional Budget Office, or CBO, preliminary estimates show that the Medicaid provisions would reduce Medicaid spending by $1 trillion and will increase the number of people without health insurance by at least 11.8 million by 2034. Some key proposed changes to the Medicaid Program include, but are not limited to: work requirements; cost sharing of up to $35 per service on expansion adults who exceed the official poverty threshold; stricter eligibility requirements for non-U.S. citizens; requirements for states to conduct eligibility redeterminations at least every six months for Medicaid expansion adults; and prohibitions on states from establishing any new provider taxes or from increasing the rates of existing taxes, among other changes. Decreased federal funding and stricter eligibility requirements may result in more restrictive Medicaid programs at the state level and fewer individuals eligible for coverage, which could have an adverse impact on the number of individuals who seek to use our products and services. Despite the ACA going into effect over a decade ago, there have been numerous legal and Congressional challenges to the law s provisions and the effect of certain provisions have made compliance costly. For instance, changes to the ACA included in the Bill, including shortening enrollment periods and eliminating automatic reenrollment, could reduce ACA enrollment. We expect material changes in health policy, enforcement initiatives, and coverage and reimbursement for health care items and services from the Trump Administration and Congress. As such, our costs to monitor these changes and respond to new requirements will increase. In addition to decreased pricing, we may be unable to reduce our expenses, including the cost of sourcing materials, logistics and the cost to manufacture our products. If the prices for our products decrease and/or if we are unable to offset the effects of general inflation on our operating costs through increases in the prices for our products, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be adversely affected. Although many third-party payors have adopted some form of coverage policy for continuous glucose monitoring devices, our products do not always have such coverage, including simple broad-based contractual coverage with third-party payors, and we frequently experience administrative challenges in obtaining coverage or reimbursement for our products. If we are unable to obtain adequately broad coverage or reimbursement for our products or any future products from third-party payors, our revenue may be negatively impacted. As a medical device company, reimbursement from government and/or commercial third-party healthcare payors, including Medicare and Medicaid, is an important element of our success. CMS provides coverage for Therapeutic Continuous Glucose Monitors as durable medical equipment eligible for coverage under Medicare Part B. Coverage criteria for therapeutic CGMs is determined by CMS under national coverage determinations as well as by local Medicare Administrative Contractors under local coverage determinations. Therefore, Medicare reimbursement for our CGM devices is subject to various coverage conditions and often requires a patient-specific coverage analysis. Medicare does not cover any items or services that are not reasonable and necessary. In order to be covered under the DME benefit, one component of the CGM system must meet the criteria for a durable medical device. To date, the receiver satisfied these criteria. To the extent that a receiver is not used by a Medicare beneficiary or CMS otherwise determines that the items and supplies ordered are not medically necessary, Medicare may not cover that CGM system or any associated supplies. We face a number of regulatory and commercial hurdles relating to wide-scale sales where a government or commercial third-party payor provides reimbursement, including sales to Medicare beneficiaries. If we are unable to successfully address these hurdles, reimbursement of our products may be limited to a smaller subset of people with diabetes covered by Medicare or to those people with diabetes covered by other third-party payors that have adopted policies for CGM devices allowing for coverage of these devices if certain conditions are met. Adverse coverage or reimbursement decisions relating to our products, or rescission or limitation of favorable determinations, by CMS, its Medicare Administrative Contractors, other state, federal or international payors, and/or third-party commercial payors could significantly reduce reimbursement, which could have an impact on the acceptance of, and demand for, our products and the prices that our customers are willing to pay for them. As of December 31, 2025, the eight largest private third-party payors in the United States, in terms of the number of covered lives, have issued coverage policies for the category of CGM devices. In addition, we have negotiated contracted rates with all of those third-party payors for the purchase of the G6 and G7 systems by their members. Nevertheless, coverage and reimbursement-related barriers remain. Among other things, people with diabetes without insurance that covers our products bear the entire financial cost of using our products. In addition, in the 28 United States, existing single-point finger stick devices used by people with diabetes are generally reimbursable for all or part of the product cost by Medicare or other third-party payors, which may be perceived as more advantageous for consumers. Further, while many third-party payors have adopted some form of coverage policy on CGM devices, in a sizeable percentage of cases, under durable medical equipment benefits, those coverage policies frequently are restrictive and require significant medical documentation and other requirements in order to obtain reimbursement, and as a result, we have difficulty improving the efficiency of our customer service group. Moreover, it is not uncommon for governmental, including federal and/or state, agencies and their contractors to conduct periodic routine billing and compliance reviews that may entail extensive documentation requests, cooperation with which may require significant time and resources, and may result in identification of overpayments that may need to be refunded. The commercial success of our products in both domestic and international markets will substantially depend on whether timely and comprehensive third-party reimbursement is widely available for individuals that use them. CMS has adopted coverage guidelines for CGMs, which could have a favorable impact on us. Previously, Medicare coverage for CGM was only available to Medicare patients who take at least three doses of insulin a day, limiting CGM reimbursement for Medicare beneficiaries with intensive Type 1 and 2 diabetes. The Local Coverage Determination, or LCD, that CMS released in April 2023 extends Medicare CGM coverage to patients who use any insulin. Further, the LCD also allows coverage for patients not taking insulin if the patient has a history of problematic hypoglycemia. Nevertheless, third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new and existing medical devices, and, as a result, they may be restrictive, or they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. In order to obtain additional reimbursement arrangements, including under pharmacy benefits, we may have to agree to a net sales price lower than the net sales price we might charge in other sales channels. Our revenue may be limited by the continuing efforts of government and third-party payors to contain or reduce the costs of healthcare through various increasingly sophisticated means, such as leveraging increased competition, increasing eligibility requirements such as second opinions and other documentation, purchasing in a bundle, or redesigning benefits. In December 2021, CMS published a final rule expanding the classification of DME under Medicare Parts B C to include adjunctive CGMs (i.e., CGMs that do not replace standard blood glucose monitors for treatment decisions) and related supplies. This final rule expanded coverage of CGMs to include competing devices, which may continue to have a negative impact on our sales as a result of increased market competition. In addition, the change in presidential administration in 2025 has caused and may continue to cause shifts in health policy priorities, including potential impacts on Medicare coverage and reimbursement. As discussed above, the Bill included significant changes to federal Medicaid funding and ACA enrollment requirements, all of which are expected to result in decreased Medicaid reimbursement and loss of coverage for individuals under Medicaid and ACA plans. We are unable to predict what effect the current or any future healthcare reform will have on our business, or the effect these matters will have on our customers. Our dependence on the commercial success of our current CGM systems makes us particularly susceptible to any cost containment or reduction efforts. Accordingly, unless government and other third-party payors provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for our current CGM systems or any future products we may develop, people without coverage who have diabetes may not use our products. Furthermore, payors are increasingly basing reimbursement rates on factors such as prior approvals and the effectiveness of the product, clinical outcomes associated with the product, and any factors that negatively impact the effectiveness or clinical outcomes (or cause a perception of any such negative impact), such as the results of a clinical trial, a product defect, or a product recall, which could negatively impact the reimbursement rate. Also, the trends toward managed healthcare in the United States, which we expect to continue, and legislative efforts intended to reduce the cost of government insurance programs could significantly influence the purchase of healthcare services and products and may result in lower prices for our products or the exclusion of our products from reimbursement programs. In many international markets, pricing and profitability of medical devices are subject to government control. We are susceptible to changes in government-mandated coverage requirements and other controls which could impact access to and affordability of our products. In the United States, federal and state proposals for similar controls may continue and/or increase. As we continue to expand internationally, these government controls will have an increasing effect on our business and results of operations. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our ability to increase or maintain our revenue or otherwise have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 29 Risks Related to Product Development The research and development efforts we undertake independently, and in some instances in connection with our collaborations with third parties, may not result in the development of commercially viable products, the generation of significant future revenues or adequate profitability. In order to address the anticipated needs of our customers, pursue new markets for our existing products and any new products, and to remain competitive, we focus our research and development efforts and strategic third-party collaboration activities on the enhancement of our current CGM products, the development of next-generation products and the development of novel technologies and services. The development of new products, or novel technologies and services and the enhancement of our current CGM products (including seeking and potentially obtaining new indications for use), is difficult, expensive and time-consuming and requires significant investment in research and development, intellectual property protection, clinical trials, regulatory approvals and in obtaining third party reimbursement. The results of our product development and commercialization efforts may be affected by a range of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products (whether independently or with our partners), determine a feasible or timely regulatory pathway or approach, and launch those products cost effectively into multiple markets and geographies. If we are unable to successfully anticipate customer needs, innovate, develop new products and successfully launch them, we may not be able to generate significant future revenues or profits from these efforts. Failing to timely launch our new products and any enhancements to our existing products may cause them to become obsolete and materially and adversely affect our business and financial position. The development and commercial launch timelines for our products depend a great deal on our ability to achieve clinical endpoints and satisfy regulatory requirements and to overcome technology challenges, and may be delayed due to scheduling issues with patients and investigators, requests from institutional review boards, or inquiries from regulators about our independent and collaborative product development activities, product performance and manufacturing supply constraints, among other factors. In addition, support of these clinical trials requires significant resources from employees involved in the production of our products, including research and development, manufacturing, quality assurance, and clinical and regulatory personnel. Even if our development and clinical trial efforts appear successful to us and our regulatory submission appears satisfactory to us, the FDA or comparable international regulator may disagree and may decide not to grant marketing authorization for the products or may require additional product testing or clinical trials or other data to be developed and submitted before approving the products, which would result in product launch delays and additional expense. Even if a product receives marketing authorization from the FDA or comparable international regulator, it may not be accepted in the marketplace by health care professionals, people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into collaborative arrangements with third parties to expand into new markets, including with insulin device manufacturers to integrate our CGM technology into the third parties insulin delivery systems. We have also entered into collaborations with several organizations that are currently using, or are developing, programs for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes that utilize our current CGM systems. As a result of these relationships, our operating results depend, to some extent, on the ability of our partners to successfully commercialize their insulin delivery systems or monitoring products. Any factors that may limit our partners ability to achieve widespread adoption of their systems, including competitive pressures, technological breakthroughs for the treatment or prevention of diabetes, adverse regulatory or legal actions relating to insulin pump products, or changes in reimbursement rates or policies of third-party payors relating to insulin pumps or similar products, could have an adverse impact on our operating results. Many of the companies that we collaborate with are also competitors or potential competitors who may decide to terminate our collaborative arrangement. In the event of such a termination, we may be required to devote additional resources to product development and commercialization, we may need to cancel some development programs and we may face increased competition. Additionally, collaborations may not result in the development of products that achieve commercial success and could be terminated prior to developing any products. Former collaborators may use the experience and insights they develop in the course of their collaborations with us to initiate or accelerate their development of products that compete with our products, which may create competitive disadvantages for us. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that any of our collaborations will result in the successful development of a commercially viable product or result in significant additional future revenues. Our products may not achieve or maintain market acceptance. We expect that sales of our CGM systems will account for substantially all of our product revenue for the foreseeable future. If and when we receive FDA or other regulators marketing authorization for, and begin 30 commercialization of, our next-generation CGM systems, we expect most patients will migrate onto those systems. In the periods leading up to the launch of new or upgraded versions of our CGM systems, however, our customers anticipation of the release of those products may cause them to cancel, change or delay current period purchases of our current products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Notwithstanding our prior experience in marketing and selling our products, we might be unable to successfully expand the commercialization of our existing products or begin commercialization of our next-generation CGM systems on a wide-scale for a number of reasons, including the following: our G6 and G7 systems prompt the user to replace the sensor no later than the tenth day, and our G7 15 Day prompts the user to replace the sensor no later than the fifteenth day, which might make it expensive for users; widespread market acceptance of our products by health care professionals, people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health will largely depend on our ability to demonstrate their relative safety, effectiveness, reliability, cost-effectiveness and ease of use; the limited size of our sales force; we may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately expand the commercialization efforts for our products; expanded coverage opportunities for our competitors CGM devices and supplies, including coverage for adjunctive CGMs, increasing competition in the marketplace; loss or reduction of insurance coverage for individuals, resulting in higher cost obligations for users with respect to their purchase of our products; our FDA and other regulatory authority marketing application submissions and reviews may be delayed, or cleared or approved with limited product indications and labeling; we may not be able to manufacture our products in commercial quantities commensurate with demand or at an acceptable cost; the uncertainties associated with establishing and qualifying new manufacturing facilities; people with diabetes may need to incur the costs of single-point finger stick devices, in addition to our systems; the relative immaturity of the CGM market internationally, and limited international reimbursement of CGM systems by third-party payors and government healthcare providers outside the United States; the introduction and market acceptance of competing products and technologies, which may have a lower cost or price, allow for a convenience improvement and/or allow for improved accuracy and reliability; the introduction and market acceptance of new drug therapies for the treatment and management of diabetes and related conditions, including obesity; greater name or brand recognition and more established medical product distribution channels by some of our competitors; our inability to obtain sufficient quantities of supplies timely and at appropriate quality levels from our single- or sole-source and other key suppliers; our inability to manufacture products that perform in accordance with expectations of consumers; and rapid technological change may make our technology and our products obsolete. In addition to the risks outlined above, our CGMs are more invasive than many other self-monitored glucose testing systems, including single-point finger stick devices, and people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health may be unwilling to insert a sensor in their body, especially for those with diabetes if their current diabetes management involves no more than two finger sticks per day. Moreover, people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health may not perceive the benefits of CGM and people with diabetes may be unwilling to change their current treatment regimens. Health care professionals may not recommend or prescribe our products unless and until (i) there is more long-term clinical evidence to convince them to alter their existing treatment methods, (ii) there are additional recommendations from prominent physicians that our products are effective in monitoring glucose levels, (iii) reimbursement or insurance coverage is more widely available, and (iv) patient out of pocket cost decreases. In addition, market acceptance of our products internationally by health care professionals and people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health will largely depend on our ability to demonstrate their relative safety, effectiveness, reliability, cost-effectiveness and ease of use. If we are 31 unable to do so, we may not be able to generate product revenue from our international sales efforts. We cannot predict when, if ever, healthcare professionals, including physicians, and people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health may adopt more widespread use of CGM systems, including our systems. We are also aware of the increasing use of GLP-1 products for the treatment of obesity and Type 2 diabetes. While we believe that GLP-1s are a companion product and used in conjunction with our CGM systems, these treatments could potentially compete with our CGM systems and reduce sales of our products. We are also aware of companies outside the traditional medical device sector that are attempting to develop competitive products and services, including for the general health and wellness, or population health space. Some of the companies developing or marketing competing devices are large and well-known publicly traded companies. Such competitors may benefit from guidance issued on January 6, 2026 by the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health that effectively broadens the range of products that may be considered general wellness devices, including wearables that provide readings around bodily functions and vital signs such as heart rate, blood pressure, and blood glucose. If our CGM systems do not achieve and maintain an adequate level of acceptance by people with diabetes, those seeking to optimize metabolic health, healthcare professionals, including physicians, and third-party payors, our future revenue may be reduced and our business may be harmed. Risks Related to Manufacturing, Commercial Operations and Commercialization If we or our suppliers or distributors fail to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements, including responding to the FDA warning letter, or if we have unanticipated problems with our products, the products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. Any products for which we obtain marketing approval, clearance or authorization (and the activities related to its production, distribution, and promotion, sale, and marketing) are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory bodies, which may include inspection of our manufacturing processes, complaint handling and adverse event reporting, post-approval clinical data and promotional activities for such product. The FDA s medical device reporting regulations require that we report to the FDA any incident in which our product may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or in which our product malfunctioned and, if the malfunction were to recur, it would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. If the FDA determines that there is a reasonable probability that a device intended for human use would cause serious, adverse health consequences or death, the agency may issue a cease distribution and notification order and a mandatory recall order. We may also decide to recall a product voluntarily if we find a material deficiency, including unacceptable risks to health, manufacturing defects, design errors, component failures, labeling defects, or other issues. Recalls of our products could divert the attention of our management and have an adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We and certain of our suppliers are also required to comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation, or QSR, which as stated above is being superseded by the new QSMR, and other regulations which cover the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, selection and oversight of suppliers or contractors, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, storage, complaint handling, shipping and servicing of our products. The FDA may enforce the QSR and in the future the QMSR through announced (through prior notification) or unannounced inspections, such as the inspections described below. Compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements can be complex, expensive and time-consuming. Failure by us or one of our suppliers or distributors to comply with statutes and regulations administered by the FDA, competent authorities and other regulatory bodies, or failure to take adequate response to any observations, including the warning letter described below, could result in, among other things, any of the following actions: warning letters or untitled letters that require corrective action; delays in approving, or refusal to approve, our CGM systems; fines and civil or criminal penalties; unanticipated expenditures; FDA refusal to issue certificates to international governments needed to export our products for sale in other countries; suspension or withdrawal of clearance or approval by the FDA or other regulatory bodies; product recall or seizure; administrative detention; 32 interruption, partial suspension, or complete shutdown of production; interruption of the supply of components from our key component suppliers; operating restrictions; court consent decrees; FDA orders to repair, replace, or refund the cost of devices; injunctions; and criminal prosecution. From time to time, the FDA conducts inspections of our facilities and may issue Form 483 findings related to our operations and may issue warning letters or take other administrative or enforcement actions asserting noncompliance with FDA laws and regulations. In March 2025, we received an FDA warning letter following inspections of our facilities in San Diego, California, and Mesa, Arizona. In the warning letter, the FDA cited deficiencies in the response letters sent by us to the FDA following the Form 483, List of Investigational Observations that was delivered to us in connection with the inspection of our San Diego, California facility that occurred from October 2024 through November 2024, and the inspection of our Mesa, Arizona facility that occurred in June 2024. The warning letter describes observed non-conformities in manufacturing processes and our quality management system. We take the matters identified in the warning letter seriously and have submitted responses to the Form 483 and to the FDA warning letter. While the warning letter does not restrict our ability to produce, market, manufacture or distribute products, require recall of any products, nor restrict our ability to seek FDA 510(k) clearance of new products, we may fail to satisfy these regulatory requirements to the FDA s satisfaction, and any failure to do so could result in the foregoing occurring. While we intend to undertake certain corrective actions and provide regular updates to the FDA in order to meet the requirements set forth by FDA in the warning letter, we cannot give any assurances that the FDA will be satisfied with our response or as to the date we expect to resolve the matters included in the FDA warning letter. Until the issues cited in the warning letter are resolved to the FDA s satisfaction, additional legal or regulatory action may be taken without further notice, including as described above. The potential effect of the warning letter and these other events can in some cases be difficult to quantify and could harm our reputation and cause our product sales and profitability to suffer. In addition, we believe events that could be classified as reportable events pursuant to FDA medical device reporting regulations are generally underreported by physicians and users, and any underlying problems could be of a larger magnitude than suggested by the number or types of FDA medical device reports filed by us. Furthermore, our key component suppliers may not currently be or may not continue to be in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. If we obtain regulatory approval to market and sell a product, the FDA or a foreign regulatory authority may still impose significant restrictions on the indicated uses or how the product may be marketed, or may contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing or surveillance to monitor the safety or effectiveness of the product. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products, including software bugs, unanticipated adverse events or adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, manufacturing problems, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements such as the QSR which as stated above is being superseded by the new QSMR, FDA medical device reporting, or other post-market requirements may result in restrictions on such products or manufacturing processes, withdrawal of the products from the market, voluntary or mandatory recalls (through corrections or removals), fines, suspension of regulatory approvals, product seizures, injunctions, the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, or criminal prosecution. In addition, our distributors have rights to create marketing materials for their sales of our products, and may not adhere to contractual, legal or regulatory limitations that are imposed on their marketing efforts. Notably, the new bidding system for Medicare competitive bidding will contain a country of origin question to obtain information about where products are manufactured. It is unclear how CMS intends to use this information and what impact this could have, if any, on our offshore manufacturing activities. If our manufacturing capabilities are insufficient to produce an adequate supply of product at appropriate quality levels, our growth could be limited and our business could be harmed. Our existing manufacturing facilities are designed to manufacture current and next-generation CGM systems, but may not be scaled quickly enough to permit us to manufacture one or more of our CGM systems in quantities sufficient to meet market demand. In the past, we have had difficulty scaling our manufacturing operations to provide a sufficient supply of product to support market demand and our commercialization efforts. From time to time, we have also experienced periods of backorder where we have had insufficient supply of our product and, at times, have had to limit the efforts of our sales force to introduce our products to new customers. 33 We have experienced manufacturing and inventory challenges for G7 in the past that resulted in disruptions in our ability to supply certain markets, including in the U.S. and other countries. If we fail to produce a sufficient amount of our products, our ability to supply our markets will be compromised and health care providers and people with diabetes decisions to use our products may be negatively impacted. This could lead to loss of sales of and revenues from our products, could potentially decrease our market share, and/or our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected. Moreover, we may not adequately predict the market demand for our products, which may lead us to produce our products in the quantities we anticipate will be necessary to meet actual market demand. We will need to adequately predict the market demand for our products and increase our manufacturing capacity by a significant factor over the current level to meet or exceed the anticipated market demand by product. In addition, we may have to modify our manufacturing design, reliability and process for next-generation products that may hereafter be approved, cleared or otherwise authorized by the applicable regulatory body and commercialized. In 2023, we completed the initial phase of construction of our new facility in Malaysia and commenced commercial manufacturing. We are also building a new facility in Ireland to scale up manufacturing capacity. There are technical challenges to increasing manufacturing capacity, including equipment design, automation, validation and installation, contractor issues and delays, licensing and permitting delays or rejections, materials procurement, manufacturing site expansion, problems with production yields and quality control and assurance. Continuing to develop commercial-scale manufacturing facilities will require the investment of substantial additional funds and the hiring and retention of additional management, quality assurance, quality control and technical personnel who have the necessary manufacturing experience. Delays in the launch of next-generation products may result in unanticipated continuing increases in demand for current-generation products (to substitute for the unavailability of the next-generation products) which, if not adequately prepared for, may result in deficits in our ability to produce adequate amounts of the prior-generation products to meet demand at appropriate prices. Our ability to scale manufacturing capacity is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and may lead to variability in product quality or reliability, increased construction timelines, as well as resources required to design, install and maintain manufacturing equipment, among others, all of which can lead to unexpected delays in manufacturing output. In addition, any changes to our manufacturing processes may trigger the need for submissions or notifications to, and in some cases advance approval from, the FDA or other regulatory authorities because of the potential impact of changes on our previously cleared, approved and/or authorized devices. Our facilities are subject to inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and international agencies on an ongoing basis, and we must comply with Good Manufacturing Practices and the FDA Quality System Regulation, as well as certain state and local requirements. We may be unable to adequately maintain, develop and expand our manufacturing process and operations or maintain compliance with FDA and state and international agency requirements. If we are unable to manufacture a sufficient supply of our current products or any future products for which we may receive approval or clearance, maintain control over expenses or otherwise adapt to anticipated growth, or if we underestimate growth, we may not have the capability to satisfy market demand or our contractual obligations, and our business will suffer. Manufacturing difficulties and/or any disruption at our facilities may adversely affect our manufacturing operations and related product sales, and increase our expenses. Our products require multiple manufacturing processes and steps. Problems with these manufacturing processes, which may not be detectable by us in a timely manner, could lead to product defects or manufacturing failures, resulting in lot failures, product recalls, product liability claims and/or insufficient inventory, any of which could negatively impact our sales. In addition, our products are manufactured at certain facilities, with limited alternate facilities. If an event occurs at one of our facilities that results in damage to, restrictions on the use of, or closure of, one or more of such facilities, or if our distributions from those facilities are limited or restricted in any way, we may be unable to manufacture the relevant products at the previous levels or at all. Because of the time required to approve, lease, and build out a manufacturing facility, an alternate facility and/or a third-party may not be available on a timely basis to replace production capacity in the event manufacturing capacity is lost. Additionally, the majority of our manufacturing operations are conducted at facilities located in Mesa, Arizona, and Malaysia and limited manufacturing operations in San Diego, California. We take precautions to safeguard our facilities, which include manufacturing protocols, insurance, health and safety protocols, and off-site storage of data. However, a natural or man-made disaster, such as fire, flood, earthquake, act of terrorism, cyber-attack or other disruptive event, such as a public health emergency, could cause substantial delays in our operations, damage, 34 destroy or limit our manufacturing equipment, inventory, or records and cause us to incur additional expenses. Earthquakes are of particular significance since our headquarters and limited manufacturing facilities in California are located in an earthquake-prone area. Wildfires are also increasingly common in southern California and present risk to our headquarters and limited manufacturing operations in San Diego, California. Our Arizona facility may confront water supply issues resulting from the ongoing drought in the Western United States and our Malaysia facility may confront issues related to its construction on a reclaimed wetland and the political stability of the Malaysia government. In the event our existing manufacturing facilities or equipment are affected by man-made or natural disasters, we may be unable to manufacture products for sale or meet customer demands or sales projections. If our manufacturing operations were curtailed or ceased, it would seriously harm our business. The insurance we maintain against fires, floods, earthquakes and other natural disasters and similar events may not be adequate to cover our losses in any particular case. If we experience manufacturing difficulties or disruptions, it could result in insufficient inventory, increased costs, immediate shortages in product or component supply, and decreased sales, any of which may harm our business. We depend upon third-party suppliers and outsource to other parties, making us vulnerable to supply disruptions, suboptimal quality, non-compliance and/or price fluctuations, which could harm our business. We manufacture the majority of our products and procure important third-party services, such as sterilization services, at numerous facilities worldwide. We purchase many of the components, materials and services needed to manufacture these products from numerous suppliers in various countries. We have generally been able to obtain adequate supplies of such materials, components and services. However, we also rely on single and/or sole sources for certain components and materials used in manufacturing, such as for the application-specific integrated circuit that is incorporated into the transmitter and certain polymers used to synthesize the polymeric biointerface membranes for our products. In some cases, our agreements with these and other suppliers can be terminated by either party upon short notice. Our contract manufacturers may also rely on single- or sole-source suppliers to manufacture some of the components used in our products. Although we work with our suppliers to try to ensure continuity of supply while maintaining quality, timeliness and reliability, the supply of these components, materials and services has in some cases been, and may continue to be impacted, interrupted or insufficient. Our manufacturers and suppliers may also encounter problems during manufacturing for a variety of reasons. They may fail to follow specific protocols and procedures, fail to comply with applicable regulations, or be the subject of FDA or other regulatory authority audits or inspections that result in allegations of non-compliance (for example, resulting in Form 483 Observations, Warning Letters, or other FDA enforcement actions). Our manufacturers and suppliers may also experience or be impacted by equipment malfunction, environmental factors, cyber-attacks and public health emergencies, any of which could delay or impede their ability to meet our demand. Further, if our sole- or single-source suppliers shift their manufacturing and assembly sites to other locations, depending on the circumstances and nature of the item supplied, in addition to quality system activities such as verification and validation, there could be a need for FDA or international regulator notifications or submissions, and the new locations could be subject to regulatory inspections. If there are regulatory delays or impediments impacting our suppliers or us for any reason, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement suppliers, particularly for our single-source components, in part because of the custom nature of various parts we design. Any interruption or delay in the supply of components or materials, or our inability to obtain components or materials from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and cause them to cancel orders or switch to competitive products. Our reliance on these outside manufacturers and suppliers also subjects us to other risks that could harm our business, including: we may experience a reduction or interruption in supply, and may not be able to obtain adequate supply in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms from additional or replacement sources; our products are technologically complex and it is difficult to develop alternative supply sources; we are not a major customer of many of our suppliers, and these suppliers may therefore give other customers needs higher priority than ours; our suppliers may make errors in manufacturing components that could negatively affect the quality, effectiveness or safety of our products or cause delays in shipment of our products; we may have difficulty locating and qualifying alternative suppliers for our single-source supplies; switching components may require product redesign and submission to the FDA or international regulator of new applications (such as new 510(k) submissions or PMA supplements) which could significantly 35 delay production; our suppliers manufacture products for a range of customers, and fluctuations in demand for the products these suppliers manufacture for others may affect their ability to deliver components to us in a timely manner or at the current pricing; our suppliers may discontinue the production of components that are critical to our products; and our suppliers may encounter financial and/or other hardships unrelated to our demand for components, including those related to changes in global economic conditions and/or disease outbreaks, which could inhibit their ability to fulfill our orders and meet our requirements. We also outsource certain services to other parties, including inside sales, certain transaction processing, accounting, information technology, manufacturing, and other areas. Outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to suboptimal quality of service delivery or deliverables and potentially result in repercussions such as missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, erroneous data, supply disruptions, non-compliance (including with applicable legal or regulatory requirements and industry standards) and/or reputational harm, with potential negative effects on our results. We also require the suppliers, service providers and business partners of components or services for our products and related services to comply with law and certain of our policies regarding sourcing practices, but we do not control them or their practices. If any supplier, service provider or business partner violates laws or implements unethical practices, there could be disruptions to our supply chain, cancellation of our orders, or a termination of the relationship with the partner or damage to our reputation, and the FDA or other regulators could seek to hold us responsible for such violations. If we are unable to establish and maintain adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and/or enter into and maintain arrangements with third parties to sell, market and distribute our products, we may have difficulty achieving market awareness and selling our products in the future. We must continue to develop and grow our sales and marketing organization and/or enter into partnerships or other arrangements to market and sell our products and/or collaborate with third parties, including distributors and others, to market and sell our products to maintain the commercial success of our current products and to achieve commercial success for any of our future products. In 2024, we launched Stelo in the United States and are expanding distribution capabilities for its sales. If we are unable to establish and maintain adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, independently or with others, for our products, our future revenue may be reduced and our business may be harmed. Developing and managing a direct sales organization is a difficult, expensive and time-consuming process. To continue to develop our sales and marketing organization to successfully achieve market awareness and sell our products, we must: recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective and experienced sales and marketing personnel; effectively train our sales and marketing personnel in the benefits and risks of our products; establish and maintain successful sales, marketing, training and education programs that educate health care professionals, including endocrinologists, physicians and diabetes educators, so they can appropriately inform their patients about our products; manage geographically dispersed sales and marketing operations; and effectively train our sales and marketing personnel on the applicable advertising and promotion, and fraud and abuse laws that govern interactions with healthcare professionals and institutions as well as current and prospective patients and customers and maintain active oversight and auditing measures to ensure continued compliance. We currently employ sales and marketing personnel for the direct sale and marketing of certain of our products in North America, Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East. Our direct sales and marketing team calls on healthcare providers and people with diabetes throughout the applicable country, to the extent permissible, to raise awareness and initiate sales of our products. Our sales and marketing organization competes with the experienced, larger and well-funded marketing and sales operations of our competitors. We may not be able to successfully manage our dispersed sales force or increase our product sales at acceptable rates. We have also entered into distribution arrangements to leverage existing distributors (including wholesalers) already engaged in the distribution of drugs, devices and/or products in the diabetes marketplace. Some of our U.S distributors are focused on accessing underrepresented regions and or third-party payors that contract exclusively with distributors in the United States, while some of our international distributors call directly on healthcare providers 36 and patients to market and sell our products. Because of the competition for their services, we may be unable to partner with or retain additional qualified distributors. Further, we may not be able to enter into agreements with distributors on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Our distributors might not have the resources to continue to support our recent rapid growth. Certain of our distribution agreements generated 10% or more of our total revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2025. We cannot guarantee that these relationships will continue or that we will be able to maintain this volume of sales from these relationships in the future. A substantial decrease or loss of these sales could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and operating performance. We have also entered into arrangements with pharmacy organizations in various countries to dispense our products directly to patients. Because of the competition for their services, we may be unable to enter into new partnerships or otherwise expand our pharmacy network on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, we cannot guarantee that our existing pharmacy relationships will continue, or that we will be able to maintain or increase sales volume from these relationships in the future. To the extent that we enter into additional arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing, distribution and billing services, our product margins could be lower than if we directly marketed and sold our products. To the extent that we enter into co-promotion or other marketing and sales arrangements with other companies, any revenue received will depend on the skills and efforts of others, and we cannot predict whether these efforts will be successful. If we do not adequately predict market demand or otherwise optimize and operate our distribution channel successfully, it could result in excess or insufficient inventory or fulfillment capacity, increased costs, immediate shortages in product or component supply, or harm our business in other ways. We operate in a highly competitive market and face competition from large, well-established companies with significant resources, and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively. The market for glucose monitoring devices is intensely competitive, subject to rapid change and significantly affected by new product introductions and other market activities of industry participants, including enhanced software capabilities, and related data and IT platforms. Our products are based on our proprietary technology, but a number of companies and medical researchers are pursuing new technologies for the monitoring of glucose levels. FDA or other regulatory approval of a commercially viable continuous glucose monitor or sensor produced by one of our competitors could significantly reduce market acceptance of our systems. In addition, certain development efforts throughout the diabetes industry, including that of the National Institutes of Health and other supporters of diabetes research are continually seeking ways to prevent, cure or improve treatment of diabetes. Therefore, our products may be rendered obsolete by technological breakthroughs in diabetes monitoring, treatment, prevention or cure. In selling our G6, G7, G7 15 Day, Dexcom One and Dexcom ONE+, we compete directly with the Diabetes Care division of Abbott Laboratories; Medtronic (MiniMed); Roche Diabetes Care, a division of Roche Diagnostics; privately-held LifeScan, Inc.; Ascensia Diabetes Care; and other smaller market entrants, each of which manufactures and markets products for the single-point finger stick device market. In selling Stelo, we compete directly with the Diabetes Care division of Abbott Laboratories. Collectively with us, these companies currently account for the majority of the worldwide sales of self-monitored glucose testing systems. We are also aware of emerging competitors primarily located in China. Our competitors manufacturing adjunctive CGMs have also recognized expanded Medicare coverage of their CGM devices and supplies following CMS December 2021 final rule expanding the classification of DME under Medicare Parts B C to include adjunctive CGMs. These devices now directly compete with our CGM products in the Medicare market. Several companies are developing and/or commercializing products for continuous or periodic monitoring of glucose levels in the interstitial fluid under the skin that compete directly with our products. We have competed with Abbott for several years and their Libre family of CGM products. Medtronic (MiniMed) markets and sells a standalone glucose monitoring product called Guardian Connect, both internationally and in the United States, and a disposable CGM system called Simplera in the U.S. and international markets. Medtronic (MiniMed) and other third parties have developed or are developing insulin pumps integrated with CGM systems that provide, among other things, the ability to suspend insulin administration while the user s glucose levels are low and to automate basal and bolus insulin dosing. Likewise, Abbott Diabetes Care has received FDA clearance to integrate certain versions of their Libre sensors into automated insulin delivery systems and is pursuing such integrations with third-party insulin delivery devices. 37 We are also aware of companies outside the traditional medical device sector that are attempting to develop competitive products and services, including for general health and wellness, or population health. Such competitors may benefit from guidance issued on January 6, 2026 by the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health that effectively broadens the range of products that may be considered general wellness devices, including wearables that provide readings around bodily functions and vital signs such as heart rate, blood pressure, and blood glucose. We are also aware of the increasing use of GLP-1 products for the treatment of obesity and Type 2 diabetes. While we believe that GLP-1s are a companion product and used in conjunction with our CGM systems, these treatments could potentially compete with our CGM systems and reduce sales of our products. Some of the companies developing or marketing competing devices are large and well-known publicly traded companies, and these companies may possess competitive advantages over us, including: greater name recognition; established relations with healthcare professionals, customers and third-party payors; established distribution networks; additional lines of products, and the ability to bundle products to offer higher discounts or incentives to gain a competitive advantage; greater experience in conducting research and development, manufacturing, clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval for products and marketing approved products; duration of sensor life; the ability to integrate multiple products to provide additional features beyond CGM systems; and greater financial and human resources for product development, manufacturing, sales and marketing, and patent litigation. As a result, we may not be able to compete effectively against these companies or their products, which may adversely impact our business. We are subject to risks associated with public health issues, including pandemics, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with public health issues, such as the previous COVID-19 pandemic, and other events beyond our control. Public health issues and crises may adversely impact our operations, supply chain and logistics network if the locations where we operate, manufacture or distribute our products; where our raw materials or products are sourced, manufactured or distributed; or where our third-party distributors, suppliers and other service providers operate, are disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker shortages for a sustained period of time. In addition, public health issues and crises may adversely impact our customers and/or their businesses due to lockdowns, labor shortages, lost access to private health insurance plans or modified spending priorities, all of which could cause a decline in demand for our products. These disruptions could also cause economic slowdowns or increased economic uncertainty. Any of the forgoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to our International Operations We are subject to a variety of risks due to our international operations that could adversely affect our business, our operations or profitability and operating results. Our operations in countries outside the United States, which accounted for approximately 28% of our revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, are accompanied by certain financial and other risks. In addition to our offices with manufacturing and administrative and operations in countries throughout the world, we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in sales outside the United States, especially in Asia and Europe. Additionally, we may increase our use of administrative and support functions from locations outside the United States. These business activities could expose us to greater risks associated with our sales and operations. As we pursue opportunities outside the United States, we may become more exposed to these risks and our ability to scale our operations effectively may be affected. For example, in 2023, we completed the initial phase of construction of our new facility in Malaysia and commenced commercial manufacturing. We also are building a new manufacturing facility in Ireland. Our international expansion efforts, including our new manufacturing facilities in Malaysia and facility under construction in Ireland, may not be successful and we may experience difficulties in scaling these functions from locations outside the United States and may not experience the expected cost efficiencies. 38 Our profitability and international operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks and potential costs, including: local product preferences and product requirements; longer-term receivables than are typical in the United States; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; less intellectual property protection in some countries outside the United States than exists in the United States; trade protection measures and import and export licensing requirements; workforce instability; fluctuations in trade policy and tariff regulations, including potential higher tariffs on imported goods and materials and renegotiation of free trade agreements and potential retaliatory tariffs imposed by foreign countries against U.S. goods; and political and economic instability. Moreover, the tax laws in which we and our subsidiaries do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We have a significant presence in the EU, as well as significant sales in the EU, such that any changes in tax laws in the EU could impact our business. The overall impact of such legislation in EU member states is uncertain, and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected by any laws impacting our tax rate. While it is impossible for us to predict whether these and other proposals will be implemented, or how they will ultimately impact us, they may materially impact our results of operations if, for example, our profits earned abroad are subject to U.S. income tax, or we are otherwise disallowed deductions as a result of these profits. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates may reduce the reported value of our foreign currency denominated revenues, expenses, and cash flows. We cannot predict changes in currency exchange rates, the impact of exchange rate changes, nor the degree to which we will be able to manage the impact of currency exchange rate changes. Following a 2016 referendum of voters in the United Kingdom, or the U.K., to exit from the EU, or the E.U., the U.K. left the E.U. on January 31, 2020, which began a transition period that ended on December 31, 2020. In December 2020, the U.K. and E.U. agreed on a trade and cooperation agreement that was ratified by the parties in May 2021. The agreement sets out certain procedures for approval and recognition of medical products in each jurisdiction. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, any marketing approvals, as a result of the trade and cooperation agreement or otherwise, could prevent us from marketing our CGM systems in the U.K. and/or the EU and restrict our ability to generate revenue and achieve and sustain profitability. Under the trade and cooperation agreement, U.K. service suppliers no longer benefit from automatic access to the entire EU single market, U.K. goods no longer benefit from the free movement of goods and there is no longer the free movement of people between the U.K. and the EU Depending on the application of the terms of the trade and cooperation agreement, we could face new regulatory costs and challenges which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Laws and regulations governing the export of our products could adversely impact our business. The U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the Bureau of Industry and Security at the U.S. Department of Commerce, administer certain laws and regulations that restrict U.S. persons and, in some instances, non-U.S. persons, in conducting activities, and transacting business with or making investments in certain countries, governments, entities and individuals subject to U.S. economic sanctions. Due to our international operations, we are subject to such laws and regulations, which are complex, restrict our business dealings with certain countries and individuals, and are constantly changing. Further restrictions may be enacted, amended, enforced or interpreted in a manner that materially impacts our operations. Violations of these regulations are punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. We have established procedures designed to assist with our compliance with such laws and regulations. However, we have only limited experience dealing with these laws and regulations and we cannot guarantee that our procedures will effectively prevent us from violating these regulations in every transaction in which we may engage. Any such violation could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 39 The failure to comply with U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions could materially adversely affect our business and result in civil and/or criminal sanctions. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. government officials and, in some instances, other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Because of the predominance of government-sponsored healthcare systems around the world, most of our customer relationships outside of the United States are with governmental entities and are therefore potentially subject to such anti-bribery laws. Global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more frequent voluntary self-disclosures by companies, aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by U.S. and international governmental agencies, and assessment of significant fines and penalties against companies and individuals. Our international operations create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees, consultants, sales agents, or distributors, because these parties are not always subject to our direct oversight and control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to educate our employees and agents on these legal requirements and discourage improper practices. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and our employees, consultants, sales agents, or distributors may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. In addition, the government agencies may seek to hold us liable for successor liability for anti-corruption law violations committed by any companies in which we invest or that we acquire. Any alleged or actual violations of these regulations may subject us to government scrutiny, severe criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, including exclusion from government contracting, and could disrupt our business, and result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Current uncertainty in global economic and political conditions makes it particularly difficult to predict product demand and other related matters and makes it more likely that our actual results could differ materially from expectations. Our operations and performance depend on worldwide economic and political conditions. These conditions have been adversely impacted by continued global economic uncertainty, political instability and military hostilities in multiple geographies, concerns over continued sovereign debt, potential recessions, a potential U.S. federal government shutdown, monetary and financial uncertainties in Europe and other international jurisdictions, and global health pandemics. These include potential reductions in the overall stability and suitability of the Euro as a single currency, given the economic and political challenges facing individual Eurozone countries. These conditions have made and may continue to make it difficult for our customers and potential customers to afford our products, and could cause our customers to stop using our products or to use them less frequently. If that were to occur, our revenue may decrease and our performance may be negatively impacted. In addition, the pressure on consumers to absorb more of their own health care costs has resulted in some cases in higher deductibles and limits on durable medical equipment, which may cause seasonality in purchasing patterns. Furthermore, during economic uncertainty, our customers have had job losses and may continue to have issues gaining timely access to sufficient health insurance or credit, which could result in their unwillingness to purchase products or impair their ability to make timely payments to us. In addition, a recession, depression or other sustained adverse market event could materially and adversely affect our access to capital on favorable terms or at all, our business and the value of our common stock. We cannot predict the reoccurrence of any economic slowdown or the strength or sustainability of the economic recovery, worldwide, in the United States, or in our industry. These and other economic factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to obtain any required regulatory authorization in international jurisdictions will prevent us from marketing our products abroad. We conduct limited commercial and marketing efforts in certain international markets in the Asia-Pacific, North America and Europe, Middle East and Africa regions, with respect to our CGM systems and may seek to market our products in other regions in the future. Outside the United States, we can market a product only if we receive a marketing authorization and, in some cases, pricing approval, from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The marketing authorization procedures vary among countries and can involve additional testing, and the time required to obtain any required authorization or approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA marketing authorization(s). International regulatory authorization or approval processes may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA marketing authorization(s) in addition to other risks. We may not obtain international regulatory authorizations or approvals on a timely basis, if at all. Obtaining a marketing authorization from the FDA does not ensure authorization or approval by regulatory authorities in other countries will follow, and authorization or approval 40 by one international regulatory authority does not ensure authorization or approval by regulatory authorities in other international jurisdictions or by the FDA. In addition, in order to obtain the authorization to market our products in certain international jurisdictions, in some cases we may need to obtain a Certificate to Foreign Government from the FDA. The FDA may refuse to issue a Certificate to Foreign Government if significant compliance-related concerns are identified. As a result, there are a range of factors that could preclude or impede our ability to file for regulatory approvals or marketing authorizations or to receive necessary approvals or authorizations to commercialize our products in any market outside the United States on a timely basis, or at all. Risks Related to Privacy and Security We are subject to complex and evolving U.S. and international laws and regulations and other requirements regarding privacy, data protection, security, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business. We are subject to a number of international, federal and state laws and regulations protecting the use, disclosure, and confidentiality of certain patient and consumer health and personal information, including patient records, and restricting the use and disclosure of that protected information, including state breach notification laws. Some of these laws include the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, the EU s General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, the UK Data Protection Act and the UK GDPR, the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended, or CCPA, and the Washington My Health My Data Act, among others. Various U.S. state laws and regulations may also require us to notify affected individuals and state regulators in the event of a data breach involving personal information. Penalties for failure to adequately protect personal information, notify as required, or provide timely notice vary by jurisdiction. In the United States, most state data breach notification laws consider violations to be unfair or deceptive trade practices and give the relevant state attorneys general ( AGs ) the authority to levy fines or bring enforcement actions. Such AG investigations which are often time-consuming, expensive, and burdensome could lead to a resolution agreement, whereby certain obligations are performed and reports are made to the AG for a period of time, and/or civil penalties. Class action lawsuits against companies which experience a data breach involving personal information are also common. Additionally, the SEC and many jurisdictions have enacted or may enact laws and regulations requiring companies to disclose or otherwise provide notifications regarding data security breaches. For example, the SEC has adopted cybersecurity risk management and disclosure rules, which require the disclosure of information pertaining to cybersecurity incidents and cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance. As our customer base grows to include U.S. federal government agencies, we may also need comply with Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program and Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification requirements. These frameworks, in addition to similar laws being enacted by other states and other jurisdictions, impose stringent cybersecurity standards and potentially significant non-compliance penalties, and involve the expenditure of significant resources and time and effort to comply. As these laws and regulations continue to develop in the United States and internationally, we may be required to expend significant time and resources in order to update existing processes or implement additional mechanisms as necessary to ensure compliance with such laws. In addition, international data protection, privacy, and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the United States. For example, data localization laws in some countries generally mandate that certain types of data collected in a particular country be stored and/or processed within that country. We may be subject to inquiries, investigations and audits in Europe and around the world, particularly in the areas of consumer and data protection, which will arise in the ordinary course of business and may increase in frequency as we continue to grow and expand our operations. Legislators and regulators may make legal and regulatory changes, or interpret and apply existing laws, in ways that make our products less useful to our customers, require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. These changes or increased costs could negatively impact our business and results of operations in material ways. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, such as our proprietary business information and that of our clients, contractors, vendors and others as well as personally identifiable information of our customers, potential customers, vendors and others, which data may include sensitive information, in our data centers and on our networks. Our employees, contractor and vendors may also have access to and may use personal health information in the ordinary course of our business. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures and business controls, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers (including nation states or 41 state-sponsored organizations), viruses, malware, breaches due to employee, contractor or vendor error, or malfeasance or other disruptions or subject to the inadvertent or intentional unauthorized release of information. Any such occurrence could compromise our networks and the information stored thereon could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, acquisition, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, and liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, including regulatory penalties, disrupt our operations and the services we provide to our clients or damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our profitability, revenue and competitive position. As we grow and expand our administrative, customer, or IT support services, we also utilize the services of personnel and contractors located outside of the United States to perform certain functions. While we make every effort to review our applicable contracts and other payor requirements, a local, state, or federal government agency or one of our customers may find the use of offshore resources to be a violation of a legal or contractual requirement, which could result in termination of the contractual relationship, penalties, or changes in our business operations that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, while we have implemented industry standard security measures for offshore access to protected health information and other personal information, unauthorized access or disclosure of such information by offshore personnel could result in legal claims or proceedings, and liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information and may incur regulatory penalties, disrupt our operations and the services we provide to our clients, damage to our reputation, or result in the termination of contractual relationships, penalties or the loss of coverage, any of which could adversely affect our profitability, revenue and competitive position. Security breaches and other disruptions that compromise our information and expose us to liability could cause our business and reputation to suffer and could subject us to substantial liabilities. The HIPAA Security Rule requires covered entities, including Dexcom, and business associates to implement administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect the integrity, confidentiality and availability of protected health information that is electronically created, received, maintained or transmitted. Covered entities are also required to report any unauthorized use or disclosure of protected health information that meets the definition of a breach under the Breach Notification Rule, to affected individuals, OCR and, depending on the number of affected individuals, the media for the affected market. In addition, HIPAA requires that business associates report breaches to their covered entity customers. Violations of HIPAA may result in criminal and civil penalties. The OCR enforces the regulations and performs compliance audits. In addition to enforcement by OCR, HITECH further authorizes state Attorneys General to bring civil actions in response to violations of HIPAA that threaten the privacy of state residents. We have adopted breach notification policies and procedures designed to comply with the applicable requirements set forth in HIPAA. We follow and maintain a HIPAA compliance plan, which we believe complies with the HIPAA privacy and security regulations, but there can be no assurance that OCR or other regulators will agree. The HIPAA Rules have and will continue to impose significant costs on us in order to comply with these standards. HIPAA establishes a federal floor with respect to privacy, security, and breach notification requirements and does not supersede any state laws insofar as they are broader or more stringent than HIPAA. Numerous state and certain other federal laws protect the confidentiality of health information and other personal information, including but not limited to state medical privacy laws, state laws protecting personal information, state data breach notification laws, state genetic privacy laws, human subjects research laws and federal and state consumer protection laws. These additional federal and state privacy and security-related laws may be more restrictive than HIPAA and could impose additional penalties. For example, the Federal Trade Commission uses its consumer protection authority under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Act to initiate enforcement actions in response to alleged privacy violations and data breaches, including in the healthcare sector. Additional data protection laws exist at the state level as well. California enacted the CCPA, which came into effect January 1, 2020, was amended and expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), which came into effect January 1, 2023. The CCPA, among other things, creates data privacy obligations for covered companies and provide privacy rights to California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their information. The CCPA also creates a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach. In addition, other states have enacted, or may enact, similar legislation. The effects of the CCPA and other state privacy laws are significant and have required us to modify our data processing practices, and may cause us to incur substantial costs and expenses to comply, particularly given our base of operations in California. There are also a number of other legislative proposals worldwide, including in the United States at both the federal and state level, that could impose additional and potentially conflicting obligations in areas affecting our business. We expect to incur additional costs to ensure that our data privacy and security policies, procedures, and activities comply with applicable and evolving legal requirements. 42 We are also subject to laws and regulations in international countries covering data privacy and other protection of health and employee information that may be more onerous than corresponding U.S. laws, including in particular the laws of Europe. For instance, in the EU, increasingly stringent data protection and privacy rules that have and will continue to have substantial impact on the use of patient data across the healthcare industry became effective in May 2018. The GDPR applies across the EU and European Economic Area and includes, among other things, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches to data subjects and supervisory authorities in certain circumstances and significant fines for non-compliance. Fines under GDPR can be up to 20 million euros, or up to 4% of the company s total global turnover of the preceding fiscal year, whichever is higher. The GDPR also requires companies processing personal data of individuals residing in the EU and European Economic Area to comply with EU privacy and data protection rules in certain circumstances, even if the company itself does not have a physical presence in the EU. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines, penalties, or orders to stop noncompliant activities. Due to the strong consumer protection aspects of the GDPR, companies subject to its purview are allocating substantial legal costs to the development and maintenance of necessary policies and procedures and overall compliance efforts. Data transfer risk remains a potential issue as certain Data Protection Authorities continue to raise concerns about the transfer of data to the United States. Though a new framework to permit cross-border transfers - the EU-US Data Privacy Framework - came into effect in 2023, it may be challenged as well. We expect continued costs associated with maintaining compliance with GDPR into the future, and these provisions as interpreted by EU agencies and authorities could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to the laws discussed above, we may see more stringent state and federal privacy legislation in the future. We cannot predict where new legislation might arise, the scope of such legislation, or the potential impact to our business and operations. Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents could result in the compromise of confidential data or critical data systems and give rise to potential harm to customers, remediation and other expenses, expose us to liability under HIPAA, consumer protection laws, or other common law theories, subject us to litigation and federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business and operations. There are numerous and evolving risks to our cybersecurity and privacy from cyber threat actors. These cyber threat actors, whether internal of external to Dexcom, are becoming more frequent, sophisticated and coordinated in their attempts to access data, including, without limitation, malicious software; data privacy breaches by employees, insiders or others with authorized access; cyber or phishing-attacks; ransomware; attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems; vendor breaches or supply chain attacks; and other electronic security breaches. In the ordinary course of business, we collect and store sensitive information on our network, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of individuals, such as our customers and employees. The secure maintenance of this information and technology is critical to our business operations. We have implemented and deploy multiple layers of security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of this data and the systems and devices that store and transmit such data. We utilize security technologies, and our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Despite these efforts, threats from malicious persons and groups, new vulnerabilities and advanced new attacks against information systems create risk of cybersecurity incidents. These incidents can include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these incidents or techniques, timely discover them, or implement adequate preventative measures. Additionally, in response to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we modified our business practices and initially implemented telework policies for certain categories of non-essential employees to the extent possible. We have since adopted a hybrid workplace model for our employees. Our hybrid workplace allows us to work together globally to bring our life-changing products to as many people as possible. This means we have some employees who work primarily onsite, some who work primarily offsite, and others who flex in and out of the office based on the needs of the business and the individual. We recognized the need for flexibility in our physical workplace during the COVID-19 pandemic, but also noted the potential benefits of a hybrid workplace to expand and retain our talent pool and reduce our real estate needs. The hybrid workplace does, however, introduce additional operational risk, including increased cybersecurity risk. These cyber risks include, among other risks, increased phishing, malware, and other cybersecurity attacks, vulnerability to, or disruptions of, our information technology infrastructure and systems to support remote operations, increased risk of unauthorized access, use or dissemination of confidential 43 information, limited ability to restore the systems in the event of a systems failure or interruption, greater risk of a security breach resulting in destruction, alteration or misuse of valuable information, including proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of individuals, all of which could expose us to risks of data or financial loss, litigation and liability. These threats can come from a variety of sources, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage and malfeasance by employees, contractors, or other insiders. Cyber threats may be generic, or they may be custom-crafted against our information systems or particular personnel. Over the past several years, cyberattacks have become more prevalent and much harder to detect and defend against. These threat actors may be able to penetrate our security measures, breach our information technology systems, misappropriate or compromise confidential and proprietary information of our company and our customers, cause system disruptions and shutdowns, or introduce ransomware, malware, or vulnerabilities into our products, systems, and networks or those of our customers and partners. Our network and storage applications, as well as those of our contractors, may be vulnerable to cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, malfeasance, loss of data privacy or other significant disruption and may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers, employees, consultants or other service providers. In addition, products, hardware, software or applications we develop, or which we procure from third parties, may contain defects in design or manufacture, security flaws, or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security or the operation of our products. Our third-party vendors may experience security incidents of varying severity, including but not limited to increased ransomware attacks, network intrusions, and unauthorized data exfiltration. Targeted cyber-attacks or those that may result from a security incident directed at a third-party vendor could compromise our services and internal systems, resulting in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service that could disrupt business operations for us and our customers. Our proactive measures and remediation efforts may not be successful or timely. Unauthorized parties may also 