=== DXCM_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS Our short and long-term success is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors that are difficult to predict or beyond our control. Before making a decision to invest in, hold or sell our common stock, stockholders and potential stockholders should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the other information we file with the SEC, including our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the value of our common stock could decline and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment. Furthermore, additional risks and uncertainties of which we are currently unaware, or which we currently consider to be immaterial, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Refer to our disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Risks Related to Pricing and Reimbursement If we experience decreasing prices for our products and we are unable to reduce our expenses, including the per unit cost of producing our products, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We have experienced, and anticipate that we will continue to experience, decreasing prices for our products due to future reimbursement changes under Medicare and pricing pressure from managed care organizations and other third-party payors. In the United States and other countries, government and private sector access to health care products continues to be a subject of focus, and efforts to reduce health care costs are being made by third-party payors. Most of our customers rely on third-party payors, including government programs and private health insurance plans, to cover the cost of the G6, G7, G-7 15 Day, Dexcom One, and Dexcom ONE+. We expect that these continuing cost reduction and containment measures could result in lower prices for these products and lower reimbursement rates, as well as could lead to patients being unable to obtain approval for coverage or payment from these third-party payors resulting in costs being shifted to patients for these products. Additionally, we may experience pricing pressure if our products are increasingly subject to competitive bidding processes, which include substantial costs and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us or may be split among competitors. For example, in June 2025, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services published a proposed rule that would subject continuous glucose monitors to the competitive bidding process, which could negatively impact our reimbursement and result in price decreases. In late 2025, CMS extended the DMEPOS competitive bidding program to include our CGMs and receivers, with contracting beginning in 2027 and payment changes taking effect in 2028. Under the program, DMEPOS suppliers compete to become Medicare contract suppliers by submitting bids to furnish certain items in CBAs. CMS anticipates that ten (10) contracts will be awarded for CGMs. However, while the competitive bidding program previously used CBAs for contract awards, CMS determined that for CGMs and certain other DME, a RID CBA was more appropriate. It remains to be seen whether CGMs will be covered under a single, nationwide RID CBA or whether regional RID CBAs will be established. In any event, the bid process is expected to result in lower Medicare reimbursement for CGM systems, particularly because CMS is changing the pricing under the RID CBA by setting a single payment amount for covered items at the 75 th percentile of the winning bids, rather than using the maximum winning bid. Further, CMS has reclassified CGMs and insulin infusion pumps to items that require frequent and substantial servicing and will phase in monthly rental payments for these items. CMS will bundle the rental amount for the receiver device with payment for the supplies and accessories in the new payment amount. The bid limit will be monthly fee schedule amounts for the supplies plus the average purchase fee schedule amounts for the CGM receiver device divided by 60 (intended to capture the 5-year useful life of the device.) As a result, we expect that Medicare reimbursement for our CGM systems will decrease beginning in 2028. CMS is required by law to recompete these contracts at least once every three years and to roll out the competitive bidding process nationally or adjust prices in non-competitive bidding areas to match competitive bidding prices. The implementation of the competitive bidding program is expected to result in reduced Medicare payment for CGMs in both competitive bidding areas and non-competitive bidding areas. Additionally, the new bidding system will contain a “country of origin” question to obtain information on where products are manufactured; however, it is unclear how CMS intends to use this information. Given that we maintain offshore manufacturing facilities, country of origin reporting could have an impact on our business. Competitive bidding could negatively impact our reimbursement and result in price decreases. To the extent these 27 cost containment efforts are not offset by greater patient access to our products, our revenue may be reduced and our business may be harmed. On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed the budget reconciliation bill (entitled “One Big Beautiful Bill Act”, or the Bill) to meet spending targets aimed at funding the Administration’s domestic priorities that includes significant changes to the Medicaid program. Congressional Budget Office, or CBO, preliminary estimates show that the Medicaid provisions would reduce Medicaid spending by $1 trillion and will increase the number of people without health insurance by at least 11.8 million by 2034. Some key proposed changes to the Medicaid Program include, but are not limited to: work requirements; cost sharing of up to $35 per service on expansion adults who exceed the official poverty threshold; stricter eligibility requirements for non-U.S. citizens; requirements for states to conduct eligibility redeterminations at least every six months for Medicaid expansion adults; and prohibitions on states from establishing any new provider taxes or from increasing the rates of existing taxes, among other changes. Decreased federal funding and stricter eligibility requirements may result in more restrictive Medicaid programs at the state level and fewer individuals eligible for coverage, which could have an adverse impact on the number of individuals who seek to use our products and services. Despite the ACA going into effect over a decade ago, there have been numerous legal and Congressional challenges to the law’s provisions and the effect of certain provisions have made compliance costly. For instance, changes to the ACA included in the Bill, including shortening enrollment periods and eliminating automatic reenrollment, could reduce ACA enrollment. We expect material changes in health policy, enforcement initiatives, and coverage and reimbursement for health care items and services from the Trump Administration and Congress. As such, our costs to monitor these changes and respond to new requirements will increase. In addition to decreased pricing, we may be unable to reduce our expenses, including the cost of sourcing materials, logistics and the cost to manufacture our products. If the prices for our products decrease and/or if we are unable to offset the effects of general inflation on our operating costs through increases in the prices for our products, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be adversely affected. Although many third-party payors have adopted some form of coverage policy for continuous glucose monitoring devices, our products do not always have such coverage, including simple broad-based contractual coverage with third-party payors, and we frequently experience administrative challenges in obtaining coverage or reimbursement for our products. If we are unable to obtain adequately broad coverage or reimbursement for our products or any future products from third-party payors, our revenue may be negatively impacted. As a medical device company, reimbursement from government and/or commercial third-party healthcare payors, including Medicare and Medicaid, is an important element of our success. CMS provides coverage for “Therapeutic Continuous Glucose Monitors” as durable medical equipment eligible for coverage under Medicare Part B. Coverage criteria for therapeutic CGMs is determined by CMS under national coverage determinations as well as by local Medicare Administrative Contractors under local coverage determinations. Therefore, Medicare reimbursement for our CGM devices is subject to various coverage conditions and often requires a patient-specific coverage analysis. Medicare does not cover any items or services that are not “reasonable and necessary.” In order to be covered under the DME benefit, one component of the CGM system must meet the criteria for a durable medical device. To date, the receiver satisfied these criteria. To the extent that a receiver is not used by a Medicare beneficiary or CMS otherwise determines that the items and supplies ordered are not medically necessary, Medicare may not cover that CGM system or any associated supplies. We face a number of regulatory and commercial hurdles relating to wide-scale sales where a government or commercial third-party payor provides reimbursement, including sales to Medicare beneficiaries. If we are unable to successfully address these hurdles, reimbursement of our products may be limited to a smaller subset of people with diabetes covered by Medicare or to those people with diabetes covered by other third-party payors that have adopted policies for CGM devices allowing for coverage of these devices if certain conditions are met. Adverse coverage or reimbursement decisions relating to our products, or rescission or limitation of favorable determinations, by CMS, its Medicare Administrative Contractors, other state, federal or international payors, and/or third-party commercial payors could significantly reduce reimbursement, which could have an impact on the acceptance of, and demand for, our products and the prices that our customers are willing to pay for them. As of December 31, 2025, the eight largest private third-party payors in the United States, in terms of the number of covered lives, have issued coverage policies for the category of CGM devices. In addition, we have negotiated contracted rates with all of those third-party payors for the purchase of the G6 and G7 systems by their members. Nevertheless, coverage and reimbursement-related barriers remain. Among other things, people with diabetes without insurance that covers our products bear the entire financial cost of using our products. In addition, in the 28 United States, existing single-point finger stick devices used by people with diabetes are generally reimbursable for all or part of the product cost by Medicare or other third-party payors, which may be perceived as more advantageous for consumers. Further, while many third-party payors have adopted some form of coverage policy on CGM devices, in a sizeable percentage of cases, under durable medical equipment benefits, those coverage policies frequently are restrictive and require significant medical documentation and other requirements in order to obtain reimbursement, and as a result, we have difficulty improving the efficiency of our customer service group. Moreover, it is not uncommon for governmental, including federal and/or state, agencies and their contractors to conduct periodic routine billing and compliance reviews that may entail extensive documentation requests, cooperation with which may require significant time and resources, and may result in identification of overpayments that may need to be refunded. The commercial success of our products in both domestic and international markets will substantially depend on whether timely and comprehensive third-party reimbursement is widely available for individuals that use them. CMS has adopted coverage guidelines for CGMs, which could have a favorable impact on us. Previously, Medicare coverage for CGM was only available to Medicare patients who take at least three doses of insulin a day, limiting CGM reimbursement for Medicare beneficiaries with intensive Type 1 and 2 diabetes. The Local Coverage Determination, or LCD, that CMS released in April 2023 extends Medicare CGM coverage to patients who use any insulin. Further, the LCD also allows coverage for patients not taking insulin if the patient has a history of problematic hypoglycemia. Nevertheless, third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new and existing medical devices, and, as a result, they may be restrictive, or they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. In order to obtain additional reimbursement arrangements, including under pharmacy benefits, we may have to agree to a net sales price lower than the net sales price we might charge in other sales channels. Our revenue may be limited by the continuing efforts of government and third-party payors to contain or reduce the costs of healthcare through various increasingly sophisticated means, such as leveraging increased competition, increasing eligibility requirements such as second opinions and other documentation, purchasing in a bundle, or redesigning benefits. In December 2021, CMS published a final rule expanding the classification of DME under Medicare Parts B & C to include adjunctive CGMs (i.e., CGMs that do not replace standard blood glucose monitors for treatment decisions) and related supplies. This final rule expanded coverage of CGMs to include competing devices, which may continue to have a negative impact on our sales as a result of increased market competition. In addition, the change in presidential administration in 2025 has caused and may continue to cause shifts in health policy priorities, including potential impacts on Medicare coverage and reimbursement. As discussed above, the Bill included significant changes to federal Medicaid funding and ACA enrollment requirements, all of which are expected to result in decreased Medicaid reimbursement and loss of coverage for individuals under Medicaid and ACA plans. We are unable to predict what effect the current or any future healthcare reform will have on our business, or the effect these matters will have on our customers. Our dependence on the commercial success of our current CGM systems makes us particularly susceptible to any cost containment or reduction efforts. Accordingly, unless government and other third-party payors provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for our current CGM systems or any future products we may develop, people without coverage who have diabetes may not use our products. Furthermore, payors are increasingly basing reimbursement rates on factors such as prior approvals and the effectiveness of the product, clinical outcomes associated with the product, and any factors that negatively impact the effectiveness or clinical outcomes (or cause a perception of any such negative impact), such as the results of a clinical trial, a product defect, or a product recall, which could negatively impact the reimbursement rate. Also, the trends toward managed healthcare in the United States, which we expect to continue, and legislative efforts intended to reduce the cost of government insurance programs could significantly influence the purchase of healthcare services and products and may result in lower prices for our products or the exclusion of our products from reimbursement programs. In many international markets, pricing and profitability of medical devices are subject to government control. We are susceptible to changes in government-mandated coverage requirements and other controls which could impact access to and affordability of our products. In the United States, federal and state proposals for similar controls may continue and/or increase. As we continue to expand internationally, these government controls will have an increasing effect on our business and results of operations. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our ability to increase or maintain our revenue or otherwise have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 29 Risks Related to Product Development The research and development efforts we undertake independently, and in some instances in connection with our collaborations with third parties, may not result in the development of commercially viable products, the generation of significant future revenues or adequate profitability. In order to address the anticipated needs of our customers, pursue new markets for our existing products and any new products, and to remain competitive, we focus our research and development efforts and strategic third-party collaboration activities on the enhancement of our current CGM products, the development of next-generation products and the development of novel technologies and services. The development of new products, or novel technologies and services and the enhancement of our current CGM products (including seeking and potentially obtaining new indications for use), is difficult, expensive and time-consuming and requires significant investment in research and development, intellectual property protection, clinical trials, regulatory approvals and in obtaining third party reimbursement. The results of our product development and commercialization efforts may be affected by a range of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products (whether independently or with our partners), determine a feasible or timely regulatory pathway or approach, and launch those products cost effectively into multiple markets and geographies. If we are unable to successfully anticipate customer needs, innovate, develop new products and successfully launch them, we may not be able to generate significant future revenues or profits from these efforts. Failing to timely launch our new products and any enhancements to our existing products may cause them to become obsolete and materially and adversely affect our business and financial position. The development and commercial launch timelines for our products depend a great deal on our ability to achieve clinical endpoints and satisfy regulatory requirements and to overcome technology challenges, and may be delayed due to scheduling issues with patients and investigators, requests from institutional review boards, or inquiries from regulators about our independent and collaborative product development activities, product performance and manufacturing supply constraints, among other factors. In addition, support of these clinical trials requires significant resources from employees involved in the production of our products, including research and development, manufacturing, quality assurance, and clinical and regulatory personnel. Even if our development and clinical trial efforts appear successful to us and our regulatory submission appears satisfactory to us, the FDA or comparable international regulator may disagree and may decide not to grant marketing authorization for the products or may require additional product testing or clinical trials or other data to be developed and submitted before approving the products, which would result in product launch delays and additional expense. Even if a product receives marketing authorization from the FDA or comparable international regulator, it may not be accepted in the marketplace by health care professionals, people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into collaborative arrangements with third parties to expand into new markets, including with insulin device manufacturers to integrate our CGM technology into the third parties’ insulin delivery systems. We have also entered into collaborations with several organizations that are currently using, or are developing, programs for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes that utilize our current CGM systems. As a result of these relationships, our operating results depend, to some extent, on the ability of our partners to successfully commercialize their insulin delivery systems or monitoring products. Any factors that may limit our partners’ ability to achieve widespread adoption of their systems, including competitive pressures, technological breakthroughs for the treatment or prevention of diabetes, adverse regulatory or legal actions relating to insulin pump products, or changes in reimbursement rates or policies of third-party payors relating to insulin pumps or similar products, could have an adverse impact on our operating results. Many of the companies that we collaborate with are also competitors or potential competitors who may decide to terminate our collaborative arrangement. In the event of such a termination, we may be required to devote additional resources to product development and commercialization, we may need to cancel some development programs and we may face increased competition. Additionally, collaborations may not result in the development of products that achieve commercial success and could be terminated prior to developing any products. Former collaborators may use the experience and insights they develop in the course of their collaborations with us to initiate or accelerate their development of products that compete with our products, which may create competitive disadvantages for us. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that any of our collaborations will result in the successful development of a commercially viable product or result in significant additional future revenues. Our products may not achieve or maintain market acceptance. We expect that sales of our CGM systems will account for substantially all of our product revenue for the foreseeable future. If and when we receive FDA or other regulators’ marketing authorization for, and begin 30 commercialization of, our next-generation CGM systems, we expect most patients will migrate onto those systems. In the periods leading up to the launch of new or upgraded versions of our CGM systems, however, our customers’ anticipation of the release of those products may cause them to cancel, change or delay current period purchases of our current products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Notwithstanding our prior experience in marketing and selling our products, we might be unable to successfully expand the commercialization of our existing products or begin commercialization of our next-generation CGM systems on a wide-scale for a number of reasons, including the following: • our G6 and G7 systems prompt the user to replace the sensor no later than the tenth day, and our G7 15 Day prompts the user to replace the sensor no later than the fifteenth day, which might make it expensive for users; • widespread market acceptance of our products by health care professionals, people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health will largely depend on our ability to demonstrate their relative safety, effectiveness, reliability, cost-effectiveness and ease of use; • the limited size of our sales force; • we may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately expand the commercialization efforts for our products; • expanded coverage opportunities for our competitors’ CGM devices and supplies, including coverage for adjunctive CGMs, increasing competition in the marketplace; • loss or reduction of insurance coverage for individuals, resulting in higher cost obligations for users with respect to their purchase of our products; • our FDA and other regulatory authority marketing application submissions and reviews may be delayed, or cleared or approved with limited product indications and labeling; • we may not be able to manufacture our products in commercial quantities commensurate with demand or at an acceptable cost; • the uncertainties associated with establishing and qualifying new manufacturing facilities; • people with diabetes may need to incur the costs of single-point finger stick devices, in addition to our systems; • the relative immaturity of the CGM market internationally, and limited international reimbursement of CGM systems by third-party payors and government healthcare providers outside the United States; • the introduction and market acceptance of competing products and technologies, which may have a lower cost or price, allow for a convenience improvement and/or allow for improved accuracy and reliability; • the introduction and market acceptance of new drug therapies for the treatment and management of diabetes and related conditions, including obesity; • greater name or brand recognition and more established medical product distribution channels by some of our competitors; • our inability to obtain sufficient quantities of supplies timely and at appropriate quality levels from our single- or sole-source and other key suppliers; • our inability to manufacture products that perform in accordance with expectations of consumers; and • rapid technological change may make our technology and our products obsolete. In addition to the risks outlined above, our CGMs are more invasive than many other self-monitored glucose testing systems, including single-point finger stick devices, and people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health may be unwilling to insert a sensor in their body, especially for those with diabetes if their current diabetes management involves no more than two finger sticks per day. Moreover, people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health may not perceive the benefits of CGM and people with diabetes may be unwilling to change their current treatment regimens. Health care professionals may not recommend or prescribe our products unless and until (i) there is more long-term clinical evidence to convince them to alter their existing treatment methods, (ii) there are additional recommendations from prominent physicians that our products are effective in monitoring glucose levels, (iii) reimbursement or insurance coverage is more widely available, and (iv) patient out of pocket cost decreases. In addition, market acceptance of our products internationally by health care professionals and people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health will largely depend on our ability to demonstrate their relative safety, effectiveness, reliability, cost-effectiveness and ease of use. If we are 31 unable to do so, we may not be able to generate product revenue from our international sales efforts. We cannot predict when, if ever, healthcare professionals, including physicians, and people with diabetes and those seeking to optimize metabolic health may adopt more widespread use of CGM systems, including our systems. We are also aware of the increasing use of GLP-1 products for the treatment of obesity and Type 2 diabetes. While we believe that GLP-1s are a companion product and used in conjunction with our CGM systems, these treatments could potentially compete with our CGM systems and reduce sales of our products. We are also aware of companies outside the traditional medical device sector that are attempting to develop competitive products and services, including for the general health and wellness, or population health space. Some of the companies developing or marketing competing devices are large and well-known publicly traded companies. Such competitors may benefit from guidance issued on January 6, 2026 by the FDA’s Center for Devices and Radiological Health that effectively broadens the range of products that may be considered “general wellness devices,” including wearables that provide readings around bodily functions and vital signs such as heart rate, blood pressure, and blood glucose. If our CGM systems do not achieve and maintain an adequate level of acceptance by people with diabetes, those seeking to optimize metabolic health, healthcare professionals, including physicians, and third-party payors, our future revenue may be reduced and our business may be harmed. Risks Related to Manufacturing, Commercial Operations and Commercialization If we or our suppliers or distributors fail to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements, including responding to the FDA warning letter, or if we have unanticipated problems with our products, the products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. Any products for which we obtain marketing approval, clearance or authorization (and the activities related to its production, distribution, and promotion, sale, and marketing) are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory bodies, which may include inspection of our manufacturing processes, complaint handling and adverse event reporting, post-approval clinical data and promotional activities for such product. The FDA’s medical device reporting regulations require that we report to the FDA any incident in which our product may have caused or contributed to a death o

=== DXCM_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In that case, the value of our common stock could decline and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment. Furthermore, additional risks and uncertainties of which we are currently unaware, or which we currently consider to be immaterial, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Refer to our disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. ITEM 2 - UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer The following table provides information regarding repurchases of our shares of common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share (1) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced program (2) Maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the program (in millions) (2) 1/01/2026 - 1/31/2026 — $ — — $ 250.0 2/01/2026 - 2/28/2026 — $ — — $ 250.0 3/01/2026 - 3/31/2026 — $ — — $ 250.0 (1) Average price paid per share includes broker commissions. (2) On May 1, 2025, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized and approved a share repurchase program of up to $750.0 million of our outstanding common stock, with a repurchase period ending no later than June 30, 2026. The table above excludes common shares withheld related to the net share settlement of equity awards. ITEM 3 - DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None. 39 Table of Contents ITEM 5 - OTHER INFORMATION Trading Plans During the three months ended March 31, 2026, the following Section 16 officers and directors adopted, modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c): Name Title Action Action Date Aggregate Number of Shares to be Sold Expiration Date (1) Jon Coleman Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Adoption 3/4/2026 17,185 3/4/2027 Mark Foletta Lead Independent Director Adoption (2) 3/13/2026 10,000 3/13/2027 Jacob Leach President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director Adoption 3/4/2026 33,431 3/4/2027 Kevin Sayer Executive Chairman Adoption 2/18/2026 107,027 2/18/2027 (1) Each trading arrangement permitted or permits transactions through and including the date listed in the table. (2) Adopted on behalf of a trust for which Mr. Foletta serves as a trustee. Each of the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements disclosed in the above table was made in accordance with our insider trading policy. Transactions made pursuant to such trading arrangements will be disclosed publicly in Section 16 filings with the SEC in accordance with applicable securities laws, rules and regulations. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our Section 16 officers or directors adopted , modified, or terminated a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act). 40 Table of Contents ITEM 6 - EXHIBITS Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of First Filing Exhibit Number Provided Herewith 10.1* Form of Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 10-K 000-51222 February 12, 2026 10.18 10.2* Letter Agreement, dated February 27, 2026, between DexCom, Inc. and Kevin Sayer. 8-K 000-51222 March 2, 2026 10.1 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). — — — — X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). — — — — X 32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b). — — — — X 32.2** Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b). — — — — X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 41 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of First Filing Exhibit Number Provided Herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page from the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 is formatted in Inline XBRL X * Represents a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. ** This certification is not deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Dexcom specifically incorporates it by reference. 42 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. DEXCOM, INC. (Registrant) Dated: April 30, 2026 By: /s/ JACOB LEACH Jacob Leach, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: April 30, 2026 By: /s/ JEREME SYLVAIN Jereme Sylvain, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 43 