=== ADI_2025-11-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Set forth below and elsewhere in this report are descriptions of certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements in this report. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also adversely affect our business. For more information, see the section titled “Note About Forward-Looking Statements” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Related to our Business, Operations, Industry and Partners Global political and economic uncertainty and adverse conditions related to our international operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have significant operations and manufacturing facilities outside the United States, including in Ireland, the Philippines, Thailand and Malaysia. A significant portion of our revenue is derived from customers in international markets, and we expect that international sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenue in the future. As a result of our international operations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted by, among others, the following factors: • political, legal and economic changes, crises or instability and civil unrest that may impact markets in which we do business, such as macroeconomic weakness related to trade and political disputes between the United States and Europe or China, tensions across the Taiwan Strait that may adversely affect our operations in Taiwan, our customers and the technology industry supply chain, and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and tensions in Israel and the Middle East; • trade policy, commercial, travel, export or taxation disputes or restrictions, import, export or sector-based tariffs, changes to export classifications or other restrictions imposed by the U.S. government or by the governments of the countries in which we do business, particularly with respect to China; • compliance requirements of customs and export regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations and the International Traffic and Arms Regulations; • currency conversion risks and exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations and uncertainty; • instability of global credit and financial markets due to uncertainty and adverse macroeconomic conditions such as inflation, tariffs and trade restrictions, high interest rates, bank failures and slower economic growth or recession that could, among other impacts, affect our ability to timely access external financing sources on acceptable terms or lead to financial difficulties or uncertainty of our customers, suppliers and distributors exposing us to late payments, cancelled orders and inventory challenges; • sanctions imposed by the U.S. government or by the governments in countries in which we do business, which could adversely impact our business by preventing us from performing existing contracts, recognizing revenue, pursuing new business opportunities or receiving payment for products already supplied to customers; • complex, varying and changing government regulations and legal standards and requirements, particularly with respect to tax, price protection, competition practices, export control, customs, immigration, anti-boycott, AI, data privacy, cyber and product security, sustainability, climate and other ESG matters, intellectual property, anti-corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and environmental compliance; • economic disruption from terrorism and threats of terrorism and the response to them by the United States and its allies; • increased managerial complexities, including different employment practices and labor issues; • changes in immigration laws, regulations and procedures and enforcement practices of various government agencies; • greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights; • natural disasters, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events; • transportation disruptions and delays and increases in labor and transportation costs; • fluctuations in raw material costs and energy costs due to general market factors and conditions such as inflationary pressures and supply chain constraints; • greater difficulty in accounts receivable collections and longer collection periods; and • increased costs associated with our foreign defined benefit pension plans. Many of these factors and risks are present and may be exacerbated within our business operations in China. For example, changes in U.S.-China relations, the political environment or international trade policies could result in further revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretation and enforcement, increased taxation, trade sanctions, the imposition of 11 additional import or export duties and tariffs, restrictions on imports or exports, currency revaluations or retaliatory actions, which have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business plans and operating results. In addition, export restrictions limit our ability to sell to certain Chinese companies and to third parties that do business with those companies. These restrictions, which have continued to expand over the past several years, have impacted our revenues and results of operations in China and elsewhere. These and similar restrictions have created, and may continue to create, uncertainty and caution with our current or prospective customers and may cause them to amass large inventories of our products, replace our products with products from another supplier that is not subject to the export restrictions or focus on building indigenous semiconductor capacity to reduce reliance on U.S. suppliers. Furthermore, if these export restrictions cause our current or potential customers to view U.S. companies as unreliable, we could suffer reputational damage or lose business to foreign competitors who are not subject to such export restrictions, and our business could be materially harmed. We continue to evaluate the impact of these restrictions on our business as they are updated and expanded, and we expect that they may continue to have direct and indirect adverse impacts on our revenues and results of operations in China and elsewhere. In addition, our success may be adversely affected by China’s continuously evolving policies, laws and regulations, including those relating to imports and exports, rare earth materials, antitrust, AI, cybersecurity, data protection and data privacy, the environment, indigenous innovation, the promotion of a domestic semiconductor industry, intellectual property rights and enforcement and protection of those rights. Recently announced and future tariffs and other trade restrictions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In 2025, the U.S. government announced a series of tariffs, including tariffs targeting a broad range of imports and targeted tariffs on goods from specific countries and industries. In response, many countries imposed reciprocal tariffs and other trade restrictions on the United States. Although many of these tariffs, countermeasures and other trade restrictions have since been eased or paused, their initial announcements triggered considerable volatility in global markets and heightened economic uncertainty, and the global trade situation, particularly between the United States and China, continues to be highly dynamic. Further, throughout 2025 the U.S. government has initiated numerous investigations into products and industries under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. For example, in April 2025, the Department of Commerce launched an investigation into the national security impacts of imported semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing equipment. While the results of this investigation remain unknown, it is expected to result in additional tariffs and trade restrictions that may adversely impact our business. Similar investigations on other industries or products, including automotive, copper, steel, aluminum, critical minerals and aircraft, may also adversely impact the semiconductor industry and our business. These changes have, and similar changes in the future may continue to, increase the cost or reduce the availability of raw materials and supplies we need to operate, cause customers to advance, delay, reduce, or cancel orders, shift buying patterns, impact demand in our end markets, complicate demand forecasting for us and our customers, increase supply chain complexity and contribute to volatility, a broader economic slowdown or recession. Any of these impacts or changes could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The markets for semiconductor products are cyclical, and increased production may lead to overcapacity and lower prices, and conversely, we may not be able to satisfy unexpected demand for our products. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry has resulted in periods when demand for our products has increased or decreased rapidly. The demand for our products may vary based on market conditions in our major end markets. Demand in these end markets can fluctuate significantly based upon, for example, consumer spending, consumer preferences, the development of new technologies and macroeconomic conditions, including impacts related to tariffs and other trade restrictions. If we overbuild inventory in a period of decreased demand, or we expand our operations and workforce too rapidly or procure excessive resources in anticipation of increased demand for our products, and that demand does not materialize at the pace at which we expect, or declines, our operating results may be adversely affected as a result of underutilization of capacity, charges related to obsolete inventory, asset impairment or inventory write-downs, increased operating expenses or reduced margins. For example, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, periods of customer inventory adjustments and other customer behaviors that may adversely affect our operating results. Further, any capacity expansions by us or other semiconductor manufacturers could also lead to overcapacity in our target markets which could lead to price erosion that could adversely impact our operating results. Conversely, during periods of rapid increases in demand, our available capacity may not be sufficient to satisfy the demand. In addition, we may not be able to expand our workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely manner, procure adequate resources and raw materials, locate suitable third-party suppliers or respond effectively to changes in demand for our existing products or to demand for new products requested by our customers, and our current or future business could be materially and adversely affected. Our operating results are dependent on the performance of independent distributors. Sales to third-party distributors accounted for approximately 56% of our revenue in the year ended November 1, 2025. These independent distributors generally represent product lines offered by several companies and thus could reduce their sales 12 efforts for our products. Further, our distributors could terminate their representation of us with little advance notice or their representation of us could be negatively affected for other reasons. For example, our distributors could be adversely impacted by additional tariffs or export controls, which could limit our ability to conduct business with such distributors, increase our costs and adversely affect our reputation and operating results. In addition, we generally do not require letters of credit from our distributors, including our largest distributor, and are not protected against accounts receivable default or declarations of bankruptcy by these distributors. Our inability to collect open accounts receivable could adversely affect our operating results. Termination of a significant distributor or a group of distributors, whether at our initiative or the distributor’s initiative or through consolidation in the distribution industry, or the inability of a distributor to perform its obligations, could divert management’s attention and resources, result in disputes, litigation and settlement costs, increase risk that our products may be diverted from authorized distribution channels and sold on the “gray market” and disrupt our business. Further, if we are unable to find suitable replacements with the appropriate scale and resources, our operating results could be adversely affected. We are required to estimate the effects of variable consideration including price protection and stock rotation provided to distributors and record revenue at the time of sale to the distributor. If our estimates of such liabilities are materially understated, it could cause subsequent adjustments that negatively impact our revenues and gross profits in a future period. We rely on third parties for supply of raw materials and parts, semiconductor wafer foundry services, assembly and test services and transportation, among other things, and we generally cannot control their availability or conditions of supply or services. We rely, and plan to continue to rely, on third-party suppliers and service providers, including raw material and components suppliers, semiconductor wafer foundries, assembly and test contractors and freight carriers (collectively, vendors), in manufacturing and shipping our products. This reliance involves several risks, including reduced control over availability, pricing, capacity utilization, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, costs and supply chain allocations. We currently source more than half of our wafer requirements annually from third-party wafer foundries, including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and others. These foundries often provide wafer foundry services to our competitors and therefore periods of increased industry demand may result in capacity constraints. With respect to TSMC in particular, tensions across the Taiwan Strait or other geopolitical events could disrupt TSMC’s operations, which would adversely affect our ability to manufacture certain products and as a result, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our manufacturing processes require availability of certain raw materials and supplies. Limited or delayed access to these items, including as a result of global trade issues, supply chain constraints, difficulties obtaining import or export licenses, natural disasters, public health emergencies or changes in or new laws or regulations, could adversely affect our results of operations. Further, the imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions may significantly increase the costs, and otherwise adversely impact the availability, of certain raw materials and supplies that we need to operate. In certain instances, one of our vendors may be the sole source of highly specialized processing services or materials. If such vendor is unable or unwilling to manufacture and deliver components to us on the time schedule and of the quality or quantity that we require, we may be forced to seek to engage an additional or replacement vendor, which could result in additional expenses and delays in product development or shipment of product to our customers. If additional or replacement vendors are not available, we may also experience delays in product development or shipment which could, in turn, result in reputational harm or the temporary or permanent loss of customers, and as a result could adversely affect our business and results of operations. A prolonged disruption of our or our third parties’ manufacturing operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to leveraging an outsourcing model for certain manufacturing operations, we also rely on our internal manufacturing operations located in the United States, Ireland, the Philippines, Thailand and Malaysia. A prolonged disruption, shut-down or inability to utilize one or more of our or our third parties’ manufacturing facilities due to natural or man-made disasters, cybersecurity incidents, civil unrest or other events outside of our control, such as loss of raw materials or damage to our or our third parties’ manufacturing equipment, widespread outbreaks of illness, or the failure to maintain our labor force at one or more of these facilities, may disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue and result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand. As a result, we could forgo revenue opportunities, potentially lose market share and damage our customer relationships, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Our industry faces challenges associated with products diverted from authorized distribution channels, which could result in reputational harm and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We market and sell our products directly and through third-party distributors. In the past, certain of our products have been, and there is a risk that our products may continue to be, diverted from our authorized distribution channels and sold on the “gray market” in ways that are not in accordance with our established agreements, controls, policies and procedures. Purchasers that acquire our products via the gray market or through other unauthorized channels may resell or otherwise use our products 13 for purposes for which they were not intended or that may be contrary to our ethical, legal and regulatory obligations. Organizations may also purchase counterfeit or substandard products, including products that have been altered, mishandled or damaged, or purchase used products presented as new, each of which could result in damage to property or persons and adversely affect our reputation and customer satisfaction. In addition, governments and regulatory bodies may inquire into our processes to mitigate risks related to product diversion. As new challenges and information arise, our processes and policies will evolve, and we may be required to incur additional costs to continue to enhance our compliance efforts, which may include costs associated with distributor audits or responding to inquiries from governments and regulatory bodies. These situations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business and operating results. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce and market new products and identify and enter new markets. Our future success significantly depends on our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products and design, develop, produce and market innovative new products and system-level solutions, including those that may incorporate, or are based upon, software or AI technology. Product design, development, innovation and enhancement is often a complex, time-consuming and costly process involving significant investment in research and development with no assurance of return on investment. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and introduce new and improved products in a timely or efficient manner or that new and improved products, if developed, will achieve market acceptance. Our products generally must conform to various evolving and sometimes competing industry and regulatory standards, which may adversely affect our ability to compete in certain markets or require us to incur significant costs. In addition, our customers generally impose very high quality and reliability standards on our products, which often change and may be difficult or costly to satisfy. Any inability to satisfy customer quality and reliability standards or comply with industry and regulatory standards and technical requirements may adversely affect demand for our products and our results of operations. Our growth is also dependent on our ability to identify and penetrate new markets where we have limited experience yet require significant investments, resources and technological advancements in order to compete effectively, and there can be no assurance that we will achieve success in these markets. Further, there can be no assurance that the markets we serve and target based on our business strategy will grow in the future, that our existing and new products will meet the requirements of these markets, that our products, or the end-products in which our products are used, will achieve customer acceptance in these markets, that competitors will not force price reductions or take market share from us or that we can achieve or maintain adequate gross margins or profits in these markets. We may not be able to compete successfully in markets within the semiconductor industry in the future. We face intense competition in the semiconductor industry, and we expect this competition to increase in the future, including from companies located outside of the United States. Competition is generally based on innovation, design, quality and reliability of products, product performance, features and functionality, product pricing, availability and capacity, technological service and support and the availability of integrated system solutions, with the relative importance of these factors varying among products, markets and customers. Many companies have sufficient financial, manufacturing, technical, sales and marketing resources to develop and market products that compete with our products. Some of our competitors may have more advantageous supply or development relationships with our current and potential customers or suppliers. Our competitors also include both emerging companies selling specialized products in markets we serve and companies outside of the United States, including entities associated with well-funded efforts by foreign governments to create indigenous semiconductor industries. From time to time, governments around the world may provide incentives or make other investments that could benefit and give competitive advantages to our competitors. For example, in August 2022, the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 (CHIPS Act) was signed into law to provide financial incentives to the U.S. semiconductor industry. Government incentives, including any that may be offered in connection with the CHIPS Act, may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Further, such programs typically require companies to adhere to various performance obligations, which we may not achieve. If our competitors can benefit from such government incentives and we cannot, it could strengthen our competitors’ relative position and have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business. Existing or new competitors may develop products or technologies that more effectively address the demands of our customers and markets with enhanced performance, features and functionality, lower power requirements, greater levels of integration or lower cost, which may increase our obsolete or excess inventory and result in inventory write-offs. In addition, as we seek to expand our business, including the design and production of products and services for developing and emerging markets, we may encounter increased competition from our current and new competitors. Increased competition in certain markets has resulted in and may continue to result in declining average selling prices, reduced gross margins and loss of market share in those markets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that our operating results will not be adversely affected by increased competition. In addition, the semiconductor industry has experienced significant consolidation over the past several years. Consolidation among our competitors could lead to a changing competitive landscape, which could negatively impact our competitive position and market share and harm our results of operations. 14 Our future revenue, gross margins, operating results, net income and earnings per share are difficult to predict and may materially fluctuate. Our future revenue, gross margins, operating results, net income and earnings per share are difficult to predict and may be materially affected by a number of factors, including: • the effects of adverse economic or geopolitical conditions in the markets in which we sell our products, including inflationary pressures, which has resulted, and may continue to result, in increased interest rates, fuel prices, wages and other costs; • changes in customer demand or order patterns for our products or for end products that incorporate our products; • the timing, delay, reduction or cancellation of significant customer orders and our ability to manage inventory; • our ability to accurately forecast distributor demand for our products; • future distributor pricing credits or stock rotation rights; • our ability to effectively manage our cost structure in both the short term and over a longer duration; • changes in geographic, product or customer mix; • changes in our effective tax rates, adverse tax decisions or new or revised tax legislation in the United States, Ireland or worldwide, including changes related to the One Big Beautiful Bill Act; • the effects of issued, threatened or retaliatory government sanctions or economic restrictions; changes in law, regulations or other restrictions, including executive orders; and changes in import and export regulations, including restrictions on exports to certain companies or to third parties that do business with such companies, export classifications, tariffs, duties or trade barriers, including with respect to China; • the timing of new product announcements or introductions, including products that may incorporate, or are based upon, software or AI technology, by us, our customers or our competitors and the market acceptance of such products; • pricing decisions and competitive pricing pressures; • fluctuations in manufacturing yields, adequate availability of wafers and other raw materials, and manufacturing, assembly and test capacity; • the ability of our third-party suppliers, subcontractors and manufacturers to supply us with sufficient quantities of raw materials, products and components; • a decline in infrastructure spending by foreign governments, including China; • political changes in the United States, including those related to the current U.S. administration and executive offices of the U.S. government, a decline in the U.S. government defense budget, changes in spending or budgetary priorities, a prolonged U.S. government shutdown or delays in contract awards; • a decline in our backlog; • our ability to recruit, hire, retain and motivate adequate numbers of engineers and other qualified employees to meet the demands of our customers; • our ability to generate new design opportunities and win competitive bid selection processes; • the increasing costs of providing employee benefits worldwide, including health insurance, retirement and pension plan contributions and other retirement benefits; • our ability to utilize our manufacturing facilities at efficient levels; • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; • litigation-related costs or product liability, warranty and indemnity claims, including those not covered by our suppliers or insurers; • the difficulties inherent in forecasting future operating expense levels, including with respect to costs associated with labor, utilities, transportation and raw materials; • the costs related to compliance with increasing worldwide complex government regulations and legal standards and requirements, including those related to ESG matters; • new accounting pronouncements or changes in existing accounting standards and practices; and • the effects of public health emergencies, civil unrest, natural disasters or other severe weather events, widespread travel disruptions, security risks, terrorist activities, international conflicts and other events beyond our control. In addition, the semiconductor market has historically been cyclical and subject to significant economic upturns and downturns. Our business and certain of the end markets we serve are also subject to rapid technological changes and material 15 fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. There can be no assurance that products stocked in our inventory will not be rendered obsolete before we ship them or that we will be able to design, develop and produce products in a timely fashion to accommodate changing customer demand. As a result of these and other factors, we may experience material fluctuations in future revenue, gross margins, operating results, net income and earnings per share on a quarterly or annual basis. Our historical financial performance and results of operations should not be relied upon as indicators of future performance or results. In addition, if our revenue, gross margins, operating results, net income and earnings per share results or expectations do not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock may decline. If we are unable to recruit or retain our key personnel, our ability to execute our business strategy will be adversely affected. Our continued success depends to a significant extent upon the recruitment, retention and effective succession of our key personnel, including our leadership team, management and technical personnel, particularly

=== ADI_2026-05-20.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A, “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 1, 2025, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2025. ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid Per Share (b) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (c) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs February 1, 2026 through February 28, 2026 409,019 $ 335.78 402,020 $ 9,013,190,935 March 1, 2026 through March 28, 2026 1,145,447 $ 316.71 836,539 $ 8,746,470,019 March 29, 2026 through May 2, 2026 765,022 $ 353.14 699,581 $ 8,496,437,073 Total 2,319,488 $ 332.09 1,938,140 $ 8,496,437,073 (a) Includes an aggregate of 381,348 shares withheld by us from employees to satisfy employee tax obligations upon vesting of restricted stock units/awards granted to our employees under our equity compensation plans. (b) The average price paid for shares in connection with vesting of restricted stock units/awards are averages of the closing stock price at the vesting date which is used to calculate the number of shares to be withheld. (c) Shares repurchased pursuant to the stock repurchase program publicly announced on August 12, 2004 and updated thereafter. Under the repurchase program, we may repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock from time to time in the open market and through privately negotiated transactions. ITEM 5. Other Information The following table describes contracts, instructions or written plans for the sale or purchase of our securities adopted or terminated by our directors or officers during the second quarter of fiscal 2026 that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement). Name and Title Action Date of Adoption/ Termination Duration of Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement Aggregate Number of Securities to Be Purchased or Sold Ray Stata , Director Adoption March 6, 2026 Until May 6, 2027 , or such earlier date upon which all transactions are completed or expire without execution Sale of up to 34,000 shares Karen Golz , Director Adoption March 12, 2026 Until March 3, 2027 , or such earlier date upon which all transactions are completed or expire without execution Sale of up to 3,000 shares None of our officers or directors adopted or terminated a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the second quarter of fiscal 2026. 23 ITEM 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Amended and Restated Analog Devices, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan , filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on March 12, 2026. 31.1† Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer). 31.2† Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer). 32.1* Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Chief Executive Officer). 32.2* Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Chief Financial Officer). 101.INS† XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH† Inline XBRL Schema Document. 101.CAL† Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB† Inline XBRL Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE† Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF† Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 104† Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). † Filed herewith. * Furnished herewith. 24 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ANALOG DEVICES, INC. Date: May 20, 2026 By: /s/ Vincent Roche Vincent Roche Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) Date: May 20, 2026 By: /s/ Richard C. Puccio, Jr. Richard C. Puccio, Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 25 