=== DDOG_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A 1 d700416ddef14a.htm DEF 14A DEF 14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 DATADOG, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box) No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Datadog, Inc. 620 8th Avenue, 45th Floor New York, New York 10018 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held on April 21, 2026 To the Stockholders of Datadog, Inc.: On behalf of our board of directors, it is our pleasure to cordially invite you to attend the Special Meeting of Stockholders (the Special Meeting ) of Datadog, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). The Special Meeting will be held virtually, via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DDOG2026SM , originating from New York, New York, on Tuesday, April 21, 2026, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time. Stockholders attending the virtual meeting will be afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate as they would at an in-person meeting. We believe hosting a virtual meeting enables participation by more of our stockholders, while lowering the cost of conducting the meeting. We encourage you to attend online and participate. We recommend that you log in a few minutes before 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on April 21, 2026, to ensure you are logged in when the Special Meeting starts. The Special Meeting will be held for the following purposes: 1. To approve the redomiciliation of the Company from the State of Delaware to the State of Nevada by conversion; and 2. To transact such other business as may properly come before the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof. These items of business are more fully described in the Proxy Statement accompanying this Notice. The record date for the Special Meeting, and any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof, is February 24, 2026. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on that date may vote at the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof. By Order of the Board of Directors Kerry Acocella General Counsel and Secretary New York, New York February 27, 2026 Table of Contents Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Special Stockholders Meeting to be Held on Tuesday, April 21, 2026, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time. The proxy statement is available at www.proxyvote.com. You are cordially invited to attend the Special Meeting. Whether or not you expect to attend the Special Meeting, PLEASE VOTE YOUR SHARES. You may vote online at the Special Meeting or in advance of the Special Meeting through the internet, by telephone or, if you receive a paper proxy card in the mail, by mailing the completed proxy card. Voting instructions are provided in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or, if you receive a paper proxy card by mail, the instructions are printed on your proxy card. We encourage you to vote in advance of the Special Meeting, even if you plan to attend, to ensure your shares are represented. Even if you have voted by proxy before the Special Meeting, you may still attend and vote online during the Special Meeting. Please note, however, that if your shares are held beneficially in the name of a broker, bank or other agent and you wish to vote at the Special Meeting, you must follow the instructions from such organization and will need to obtain a proxy issued in your name from that record holder. Table of Contents Table of Contents Page QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THESE PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING 2 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 8 PROPOSAL APPROVAL OF THE REDOMICILIATION OF THE COMPANY FROM THE STATE OF DELAWARE TO THE STATE OF NEVADA BY CONVERSION 9 Principal Terms of the Nevada Redomiciliation 9 Background of the Proposal 10 Recommendation of the Board 14 Reasons for Nevada Redomiciliation 15 Potential Risks Associated with the Nevada Redomiciliation 18 What Changes After the Nevada Redomiciliation? 20 What Does Not Change After the Nevada Redomiciliation? 47 Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences 48 Additional Information 49 Interest of Certain Persons 55 Required Vote 55 Recommendation of our Board of Directors 55 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 56 OTHER MATTERS 59 APPENDIX A RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES A-1 APPENDIX B RESOLUTIONS OF THE BOARD PURSUANT TO SECTION 266 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW B-1 APPENDIX C PLAN OF CONVERSION C-1 APPENDIX D NEVADA ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION D-1 APPENDIX E NEVADA BYLAWS E-1 Table of Contents Datadog, Inc. 620 8th Avenue, 45th Floor New York, New York 10018 PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE 2026 SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held on April 21, 2026, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time Our board of directors (the Board ) is soliciting your proxy to vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders (the Special Meeting ) of Datadog, Inc. (the Company , we or us ), a Delaware corporation, and at any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof. The Special Meeting is scheduled to be held virtually, via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DDOG2026SM, originating from New York, New York, on Tuesday, April 21, 2026, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time. Stockholders attending the virtual meeting will be afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate as they would at an in-person meeting. The Special Meeting will be held for the following purposes: 1. To approve a redomiciliation of the Company from the State of Delaware to the State of Nevada by conversion (the Proposal ); and 2. To conduct such other business as may be properly brought before the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof. For the Special Meeting, we have elected to furnish our proxy materials, including this proxy statement, to our stockholders primarily via the internet. On or about February 27, 2026, we expect to mail to our stockholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ) that contains notice of the Special Meeting and instructions on how to access our proxy materials on the internet, how to vote at the Special Meeting, and how to request printed copies of the proxy materials. Stockholders may request to receive all future materials in printed form by mail or by email by following the instructions contained in the Notice. A stockholder s election to receive proxy materials by mail or email will remain in effect until revoked. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on February 24, 2026 (the Record Date ), will be entitled to vote at the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof. On the Record Date, there were 328,483,364 shares of Class A common stock and 25,367,965 shares of Class B common stock outstanding and entitled to vote (together, the common stock ). Each holder of Class A common stock will have the right to one vote per share of Class A common stock and each holder of Class B common stock will have the right to 10 votes per share of Class B common stock . The holders of shares of common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote at the Special Meeting. A list of stockholders of record entitled to vote at the Special Meeting will be available for examination for any purpose relevant to the Special Meeting at our corporate headquarters for 10 days before the Special Meeting. If you would like to view the list, please email us at IR@datadoghq.com . For instructions on how to attend the Special Meeting, please see the instructions at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DDOG2026SM and on page 2 of this proxy statement. Your vote is important to us . Even if you plan on participating in the Special Meeting virtually, we recommend that you vote as soon as possible by internet, by telephone or, if you receive a paper proxy card in the mail, by mailing the completed proxy card. If you have any questions or require assistance with voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitation firm, Innisfree M A Incorporated, at: Innisfree M A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, New York 10022 Shareholders may call toll-free: (877) 456-3513 Banks and brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 1 Table of Contents QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THESE PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING Why did I receive a notice regarding the availability of proxy materials on the internet? Pursuant to rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), we have elected to provide access to our proxy materials over the internet. Accordingly, we have sent you the Notice because our Board is soliciting your proxy to vote at the Special Meeting, including at any adjournments, postponements or continuations thereof. All stockholders will have the ability to access the proxy materials on the website referred to in the Notice or to request a printed set of the proxy materials. Instructions on how to access the proxy materials over the internet or to request a printed copy may be found in the Notice. We intend to mail the Notice on or about February 27, 2026, to stockholders of record entitled to vote at the Special Meeting. How do I attend, participate in, and ask questions during the Special Meeting? We will be hosting the Special Meeting via live webcast only. Any stockholder as of the Record Date can attend the Special Meeting live online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DDOG2026SM . The meeting will start at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on Tuesday, April 21, 2026. Stockholders attending the Special Meeting will be afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate as they would at an in-person meeting. In order to enter the Special Meeting, you will need the control number, which is included in the Notice or on your proxy card if you are a stockholder of record, or included with your voting instruction card and voting instructions received from your broker, bank or other agent if you hold your shares in street name. Instructions on how to attend and participate are available at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DDOG2026SM . We recommend that you log in a few minutes before 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time to ensure you are logged in when the Special Meeting starts. The webcast will open 15 minutes before the start of the Special Meeting. If you would like to submit a question during the Special Meeting, you may log in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DDOG2026SM using your control number, type your question into the Ask a Question field, and click Submit. To help ensure that we have a productive and efficient meeting, and in fairness to all stockholders in attendance, you will also find posted our rules of conduct for the Special Meeting when you log in prior to its start. These rules of conduct will include the following guidelines: You may submit questions and comments electronically through the meeting portal during the Special Meeting; Only stockholders of record as of the Record Date for the Special Meeting and their proxy holders may submit questions or comments; Please direct all questions to Olivier Pomel, our Chief Executive Officer; Please include your name and affiliation, if any, when submitting a question or comment; Limit your remarks to one brief question or comment that is relevant to the Special Meeting; Questions may be grouped by topic by our management; Questions may also be ruled as out of order if they are, among other things, irrelevant to our business, related to pending or threatened litigation, disorderly, repetitious of statements already made, or in furtherance of the speaker s own personal, political or business interests; Be respectful of your fellow stockholders and Special Meeting participants; and No audio or video recordings of the Special Meeting are permitted. 2 Table of Contents What if I have technical difficulties or trouble accessing the Special Meeting? We will have technicians ready to assist you with any technical difficulties you may have accessing the Special Meeting. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the Special Meeting during the check-in or meeting time, please call the technical support number that will be posted at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DDOG2026SM . Technical support will be available starting at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on April 21, 2026. Who can vote at the Special Meeting? Only stockholders of record at the close of business on the Record Date, February 24, 2026, and their valid proxyholders will be entitled to vote at the Special Meeting and at any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof. On the Record Date, there were 328,483,364 shares of Class A common stock and 25,367,965 shares of Class B common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your Name. If, on the Record Date, your shares were registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, then you are a stockholder of record. As a stockholder of record, you may vote online during the Special Meeting or by proxy in advance. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting, we urge you to vote your shares by proxy in advance of the Special Meeting through the internet, by telephone or by completing and returning a printed proxy card that you may request or that we may elect to deliver at a later time to ensure your vote is counted. Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker or Bank. If, on the Record Date, your shares were held not in your name, but rather in an account at a brokerage firm, bank or other similar organization, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in street name and the Notice is being forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding your account is considered to be the stockholder of record for purposes of voting at the Special Meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other agent regarding how to vote the shares in your account. You are also invited to attend the Special Meeting. However, since you are not the stockholder of record, you may vote your shares online during the Special Meeting only by following the instructions from such organization and after obtaining a valid proxy from your broker, bank or other agent. How many votes do I have? Each holder of shares of our Class A common stock will have one vote per share of Class A common stock held as of the Record Date, and each holder of shares of our Class B common stock will have 10 votes per share of Class B common stock held as of the Record Date. The holders of the shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote as a single class on all matters described in this proxy statement for which your vote is being solicited. What am I voting on? The sole matter to be voted on at the Special Meeting is a proposal to approve the redomiciliation of the Company from the State of Delaware to the State of Nevada by conversion (the Proposal ). How does the Board recommend that I vote on the Proposal? Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote your shares FOR the Proposal to approve the redomiciliation of the Company from the State of Delaware to the State of Nevada by conversion. What if another matter is properly brought before the Special Meeting? Our board of directors knows of no other matters that will be presented for consideration at the Special Meeting. If any other matters are properly brought before the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement 3 Table of Contents or continuation thereof, it is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying proxy to vote on those matters in accordance with their best judgment. How do I vote? Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your Name. If you are a stockholder of record, you may vote (1) online during the Special Meeting or (2) in advance of the Special Meeting by proxy through the internet, by telephone or by using a proxy card that you may request or that we may elect to deliver at a later time. Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting, we urge you to vote by proxy to ensure your vote is counted. You may still attend the Special Meeting and vote online even if you have already voted by proxy. To vote online during the Special Meeting, follow the provided instructions to join the Special Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DDOG2026SM , starting at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on Tuesday, April 21, 2026. The webcast will open 15 minutes before the start of the Special Meeting. To vote in advance of the Special Meeting through the internet, go to www.proxyvote.com to complete an electronic proxy card. You will be asked to provide the control number from the Notice or the printed proxy card. Your internet vote must be received by 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on Monday, April 20, 2026, to be counted. To vote in advance of the Special Meeting by telephone, dial 1-800-690-6903 using a touch-tone phone and follow the recorded instructions. You will be asked to provide the control number from the Notice or the printed proxy card. Your telephone vote must be received by 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on Monday, April 20, 2026, to be counted. To vote in advance of the Special Meeting using a printed proxy card that may be delivered to you, simply complete, sign and date the proxy card and return it promptly in the envelope provided. If you return your signed proxy card to us before the Special Meeting, we will vote your shares as you direct. Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of Broker or Bank. If you are a beneficial owner of shares registered in the name of your broker, bank or other agent, you should have received a Notice containing voting instructions from that organization rather than from us. To vote prior to the Special Meeting, simply follow the voting instructions in the Notice to ensure that your vote is counted. To vote online during the Special Meeting, you must follow the instructions from your broker, bank or other agent and will need to obtain a proxy issued in your name from that record holder. Even if you plan to participate in the Special Meeting, the Board strongly recommends that you submit a proxy to vote your shares in advance so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to participate in the Special Meeting. Internet voting during the Special Meeting and/or internet proxy voting in advance of the Special Meeting allows you to vote your shares online, with procedures designed to ensure the authenticity and correctness of your vote instructions. Please be aware that you must bear any costs associated with your internet access. Can I vote my shares by filling out and returning the Notice? No. The Notice identifies the items to be voted on at the Special Meeting, but you cannot vote by marking the Notice and returning it. The Notice provides instructions on how to vote by proxy in advance of the Special Meeting through the internet, by telephone, using a printed proxy card or online during the Special Meeting. 4 Table of Contents What does it mean if I receive more than one Notice? If you receive more than one Notice, your shares may be registered in more than one name or in different accounts. Please follow the voting instructions on the Notices to ensure that all of your shares are voted. Can I change my vote after submitting my proxy? Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your Name. If you are a stockholder of record, then yes, you can revoke your proxy at any time before the final vote at the Special Meeting. You may revoke your proxy in any one of the following ways: Submit another properly completed proxy card with a later date; Grant a subsequent proxy by telephone or through the internet; Send a timely written notice that you are revoking your proxy via email at IR@datadoghq.com ; or Attend the Special Meeting and vote online during the meeting. Simply attending the Special Meeting will not, by itself, revoke your proxy. Even if you plan to attend the Special Meeting, we recommend that you also submit your proxy or voting instructions or vote in advance of the Special Meeting through the internet, by telephone or by completing the proxy card that may be delivered to you so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the Special Meeting. Your most current proxy card or telephone or internet proxy is the one that is counted. Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of Broker or Bank. If you are a beneficial owner and your shares are held in street name by your broker, bank or other agent, you should follow the instructions provided by your broker, bank or other agent. If I am a stockholder of record and I do not vote, or if I return a proxy card or otherwise vote without giving specific voting instructions, what happens? If you are a stockholder of record and do not vote through the internet, by telephone, or by completing the proxy card that may be delivered to you or online during the Special Meeting, your shares will not be voted. If you return a signed and dated proxy card or otherwise vote without marking voting selections, your shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendation of our Board, which is FOR the Proposal. If any other matter is properly presented at the Special Meeting, your proxyholder (one of the individuals named on your proxy card) will vote your shares using their best judgment. If I am a beneficial owner of shares held in street name and I do not provide my broker, bank or other agent with voting instructions, what happens? If you are a beneficial owner and do not instruct your broker, bank or other agent how to vote your shares, the question of whether your broker or nominee will be able to vote your shares depends on whether, pursuant to stock exchange rules, the particular proposal is deemed to be a routine matter. Brokers and nominees can use their discretion to vote uninstructed shares with respect to matters that are considered to be routine, but not with respect to non-routine matters. Under applicable rules and interpretations, non-routine matters are matters that may substantially affect the rights or privileges of stockholders, such as mergers, stockholder proposals, elections of directors (even if not contested), executive compensation, and certain corporate governance proposals, even if management-supported. The Proposal is considered to be a non-routine matter. As a result, your broker or nominee will not vote your shares on the Proposal without your instructions. Please instruct your bank, broker or other agent to ensure that your vote will be counted. 5 Table of Contents What are broker non-votes ? A broker non-vote occurs when your broker submits a proxy for a meeting with respect to routine matters but does not vote on non-routine matters because you did not provide voting instructions on these matters. These unvoted shares with respect to non-routine matters are counted as broker non-votes. We do not expect there to be any broker non-votes at the Special Meeting because the Proposal is considered to be a non-routine matter. Accordingly, if you do not provide instructions to your broker, bank or other agent on how to vote your shares, your shares will not be voted. As a reminder, if you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name, in order to ensure your shares are voted, you must provide voting instructions to your broker, bank or other agent by the deadline provided in the materials you receive from such organization. How are votes counted? Votes will be counted by the inspector of election appointed for the Special Meeting, who will count with respect to the Proposal votes FOR, AGAINST, abstentions and broker non-votes, if any. How many votes are needed to approve the Proposal? The Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote thereon. The holders of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on the Proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST the Proposal. What is the quorum requirement? A quorum of stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. A quorum will be present if stockholders holding at least a majority of the voting power of our outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting are present at the Special Meeting by virtual attendance or represented by proxy. On the Record Date, there were 328,483,364 shares of Class A common stock and 25,367,965 shares of Class B common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will be counted towards the quorum requirement. If there is no quorum, the person who called the meeting, the Chairperson of the meeting, or the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares present at the Special Meeting by virtual attendance or represented by proxy may adjourn the Special Meeting to another date or time. How can I find out the results of the voting at the Special Meeting? We anticipate announcing preliminary voting results at the Special Meeting. In addition, final voting results will be published in a current report on Form 8-K that we expect to file within four business days after the Special Meeting. If final voting results are not available to us in time to file a Form 8-K within four business days after the Special Meeting, we intend to file a Form 8-K to publish preliminary results and, within four business days after the final results are known to us, file an additional Form 8-K to publish the final results. When are stockholder proposals and director nominations due for the Company s next annual meeting? Stockholder proposals intended to be included in the Company s proxy materials for the Company s next annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), must be submitted in writing to our Secretary at 620 8th Avenue, 45th Floor, New York, 6 Table of Contents New York 10018, Attention: Secretary, not less than 120 calendar days before the date the Company s proxy statement was released to stockholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting and otherwise comply with all applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act. To be considered for inclusion in the Company s proxy materials for our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ), any such proposal must have been received by December 19, 2025. Information regarding the deadline for the submission of proposals pursuant to Rule 14a-8 for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2027 (the 2027 Annual Meeting ) will be included in our proxy materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting. Pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws, if you wish to submit a proposal (including a director nomination) for consideration at an annual meeting of stockholders that is not intended to be included in our proxy materials for such meeting, you must provide the Company with timely written notice of such proposal. To be timely, such notice, along with the other information required by our amended and restated bylaws, must be received by our Secretary at 620 8th Avenue, 45th Floor, New York, New York 10018, Attention: Secretary, not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided , however , that, in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 30 days after the anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, such notice, to be timely, must be so received (A) not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and (B) not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or, if later than the 90th day prior to such annual meeting, the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. For a proposal to be considered at our 2026 Annual Meeting but not included in our proxy materials, such notice must have been received not later than the close of business on March 5, 2026, nor earlier than the close of business on February 3, 2026. Information regarding the advance notice window for proposals to be considered at our 2027 Annual Meeting will be included in our proxy materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting. You are also advised to review our amended and restated bylaws, which contain additional requirements about advance notice of stockholder proposals and director nominations. In addition to satisfying the foregoing requirements under our amended and restated bylaws, to comply with the universal proxy rules, stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than our nominees at an annual meeting of stockholders must provide notice that sets forth the information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. Who is paying for this proxy solicitation? We will pay for the cost of soliciting proxies. In addition to these proxy materials, our directors and employees may also solicit proxies in person, by telephone or by other means of communication. Directors and employees will not be paid additional compensation for soliciting proxies. We may reimburse brokers, banks and other agents for the cost of forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners. We have also engaged Innisfree M A Incorporated, a proxy-solicitation firm, to provide advice to the Company with respect to the Special Meeting and to assist us in the solicitation of proxies, for which the Company will pay a fee of up to $100,000 plus reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses. 7 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements, as that term is defined under the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this proxy statement, including statements regarding the Nevada Redomiciliation (as defined herein) and potential benefits, implications, risks, costs, tax effects, costs savings or other related implications associated with the Nevada Redomiciliation, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will or would or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in our filings with the SEC, including in the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2026. Additional information will be made available in our other filings and reports that we may file from time to time with the SEC. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained herein. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this proxy statement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this proxy statement or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 8 Table of Contents PROPOSAL APPROVAL OF THE REDOMICILIATION OF THE COMPANY FROM THE STATE OF DELAWARE TO THE STATE OF NEVADA BY CONVERSION The Board has unanimously approved, and recommends that stockholders approve, a proposal to redomicile the Company, by conversion, from a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Corporation ) to a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Nevada (the Nevada Corporation ) (such conversion of the Delaware Corporation into the Nevada Corporation, the Nevada Redomiciliation ), and adopt the resolutions of the Board approving the Nevada Redomiciliation (the Nevada Redomiciliation Resolutions ) included as Appendix B to this proxy statement. Principal Terms of the Nevada Redomiciliation The Nevada Redomiciliation, if approved by our stockholders, will be effected through a conversion pursuant to Section 266 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the DGCL ), and Section 92A.195 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, as amended (the NRS ), as set forth in the plan of conversion (the Plan of Conversion ) included as Appendix C to this proxy statement. Approval of this Proposal will constitute approval of the Plan of Conversion. Pursuant to the Plan of Conversion, upon the effectiveness of the Nevada Redomiciliation: The Company will continue in existence as a Nevada corporation and will continue to operate its business under its current name, Datadog, Inc. ; The internal affairs of the Company will cease to be governed by Delaware law and will instead be subject to Nevada law. See What Changes After the Nevada Redomiciliation? Comparison of Stockholder Rights Under Delaware and Nevada Law below; The Company will cease to be governed by our existing amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Delaware Charter ) and amended and restated bylaws (the Delaware Bylaws ) and will instead be subject to the provisions of the proposed Nevada articles of incorporation (the Nevada Charter ) and the proposed Nevada bylaws (the Nevada Bylaws ), forms of which are included as Appendix D and Appendix E , respectively, to this proxy statement; The Nevada Redomiciliation will not result in any immediate change in headquarters, business, jobs, management, properties, location of any of our offices or facilities, number of employees, obligations, assets, liabilities or net worth (other than as a result of the transaction costs related to the Nevada Redomiciliation); Each outstanding share of Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of the Delaware Corporation (the Delaware Corporation Class A Common Stock ) will be one outstanding share of Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of the Nevada Corporation (the Nevada Corporation Class A Common Stock ) pursuant to the Plan of Conversion; Each outstanding share of Class B common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of the Delaware Corporation (the Delaware Corporation Class B Common Stock and together with the Delaware Corporation Class A Common Stock, the Delaware Corporation Common Stock ) will be one outstanding share of Class B common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of the Nevada Corporation (the Nevada Corporation Class B Common Stock and together with the Nevada Corporation Class A Common Stock, the Nevada Corporation Common Stock ) pursuant to the Plan of Conversion; Each outstanding stock option, restricted stock unit, performance stock unit, equity or equity-based award or other right to acquire any, or of any instrument to convert into or exchange for, or based on the value of, Delaware Corporation Class A Common Stock or Delaware Corporation Class B Common Stock, as applicable, will continue in existence and automatically become a stock option, restricted stock unit, performance stock unit, equity or equity-based award or other right to acquire any, 9 Table of Contents or of any instrument to convert into or exchange for, or based on the value of, the same amount of Nevada Corporation Class A Common Stock or Nevada Corporation Class B Common Stock, as applicable, under the same terms and conditions; Our outstanding convertible notes will remain outstanding and will be convertible into an equal number of shares of Nevada Corporation Class A Common Stock under the same terms and conditions. Stockholders will not need to exchange their existing stock certificates or book entry entitlements for new stock certificates or book entry entitlements, respectively; and Our Class A common stock will continue to be traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol DDOG. We do not expect any interruption in trading as a result of the Nevada Redomiciliation. If our stockholders approve the Nevada Redomiciliation, we anticipate that the Nevada Redomiciliation will become effective (the Effective Time ) as soon as practicable following the Special Meeting. In connection with the Nevada Redomiciliation, the Company intends to make filings with the Nevada Secretary of State and the Secretary of State of Delaware and does not anticipate making any other filings to effect the Nevada Redomiciliation. The Nevada Redomiciliation may be delayed by our Board, or the Plan of Conversion may be terminated and abandoned by action of our Board, at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after the approval by our stockholders, if our Board determines for any reason that such delay or abandonment would be in the best interests of the Company and all of its stockholders, as the case may be. Background of the Proposal General Background and Context for the Board s Recommendation As part of their ongoing oversight, direction and management of the Company s business, our Board and management have thoroughly discussed the Company s jurisdiction of incorporation. Like many corporations, the Company incorporated in Delaware. A large portion of U.S. corporations have historically chosen Delaware as their state of incorporation due to its reputation for having a well-defined and business-friendly legal environment. Though Delaware corporate law may be less prescriptive in its statutory requirements for fiduciary duties than other states, because of the extensive experience of the Delaware courts and considerable body of judicial decisions since the early 1900s, Delaware has garnered the reputation of offering corporations and their counsel greater guidance on matters of corporate governance and transaction liability issues. Since our incorporation, the Company has delivered strong financial performance, and has executed on robust revenue and profitability growth. As a reflection of that financial performance and investors positive evaluation of the Company s strategy and competitive position, DDOG shares have delivered strong long-term value to stockholders over the years. For investors in our 2019 initial public offering, our market capitalization has increased from $10.9 billion after the first day of trading on September 19, 2019, to $40.8 billion as of the close of trading on February 20, 2026, an increase of 275%. Our Board believes that our success as a company would not have been possible without the foresight and strategic decisions of our visionary co-founders, Chief Executive Officer Olivier Pomel and Chief Technology Officer Alexis L -Qu c. Mr. Pomel and Mr. L -Qu c founded the Company in 2010, with the vision of breaking down silos between developers, operations teams, and their tools and data. These teams are tasked with running mission-critical, customer-facing, production software applications with high reliability, security, and cost-efficiency. When application outages occur, these silos and the resultant lack of coordination and communication 10 Table of Contents among teams cause significant negative business outcomes, including poor customer experience, lost revenue, and loss of engineering productivity. In response to this problem, Mr. Pomel and Mr. L -Qu c built a real-time data integration platform to turn the chaos of uncorrelated data into digestible and actionable insights, and to encourage collaboration among teams. This product area is known today as Observability: the Company helps its customers observe, understand, and optimize their systems and applications, and if there is an issue, restore system health as quickly as possible. Furthermore, Mr. Pomel and Mr. L -Qu c chose to focus on cloud-based systems and applications, which at the time was a nascent and yet-unproven technology, but has since developed into a large market, which Gartner Research estimates will exceed $1 trillion in size by 2027. Since launching its first product, Infrastructure Monitoring, in 2012, the Company has expanded its platform rapidly, and offers end-to-end monitoring, analytics, security, and incident resolution, across 24 products as of September, 2025, powered by a common data model that is extensible for use cases across Observability, Data Observability, Security, Software Delivery, Service Management, and Product Analytics. We believe the Company is currently the industry leader in the Observability space, based on our analysis of third-party market research from firms like Gartner Research and 451 Research. Under Mr. Pomel s and Mr. L -Qu c s leadership and strategic guidance, the Company has continued to deliver strong customer value since its founding, leading to the Company s growing market share and market leadership position, which in turn has driven strong financial performance. In the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, the Company reported $3.43 billion in revenue; this represents growth of 28% year-over-year, and 468% over the past five years. This revenue growth has been driven by both growth in the number of customers, as more companies deploy to the cloud and adopt the Datadog platform, and growth in average revenue per customer, as the Datadog platform has expanded to include more use cases and deliver more value to each customer. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had about 32,700 customers in over 140 countries, up 130% from about 14,200 customers as of December 31, 2020. These customers range from the largest Fortune 500 companies, to the smallest, tech-forward start-ups, and spans customers of every industry. As of the December 31, 2025 quarter, the average revenue per customer is over $117,000, up over 126% from over $52,000 in the December 31, 2020 quarter. The increase in average revenue per customer is driven in part by customer adoption of multiple products in the Datadog platform: As of the December 31, 2025 quarter, 84% of customers have adopted two or more products, up from 72% five years ago; 55% have adopted four or more products, up from 22% five years ago; 33% have adopted six or more products, up from 3% five years ago; 18% have adopted eight or more products, up from 0% five years ago; and 9% have adopted ten or more products, up from 0% five years ago. The Company has also delivered strong profitability and cash flow, each of which has grown meaningfully over the years. In the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, the Company executed to GAAP net income of $108 million and non-GAAP net income of $747 million. Over the five years ending December 31, 2025, the Company achieved GAAP net income growth of $132 million and non-GAAP net income growth of $693 million. In the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, the Company executed to GAAP operating loss of $44 million, or a -1% GAAP operating margin, and non-GAAP operating income of $768 million, or a 22% non-GAAP operating margin. Over the five years ending December 31, 2025, the Company achieved GAAP operating loss growth of 222% and non-GAAP operating income growth of 1,108%. As of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, the Company generated operating cash flow of $1,050 million, and $915 million in free cash flow. This represents operating cash flow growth of 863% over the past five years, and free cash flow growth of 999% over the past five years. The Company has reported positive GAAP net income in each quarter since the quarter ending September 30, 2023. For a full reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with GAAP please see Appendix A to this proxy statement. As the Company s financial performance and market cap has increased, DDOG has been added to notable equity indices, including the NASDAQ 100 Index in December 2021, and the S P 500 Index in July 2025. 11 Table of Contents Mr. Pomel and Mr. L -Qu c have consistently guided the Company by successfully anticipating industry trends and changes, and creating and executing on a strategy to take advantage of those opportunities. By taking this long-term strategic view, Mr. Pomel and Mr. L -Qu c have successfully stewarded the Company during times of technological change, which have created uncertainty but also significant opportunity for the Company. Some of the strategic decisions that Mr. Pomel and Mr. L -Qu c led include: Choosing to build and continually update a platform to deliver greater value to customers, contrasted with competitors who typically sold disparate and disconnected point products. Developing the platform to focus on monitoring and observability of cloud systems, at a time when that space was very nascent and its later size and growth was uncertain. Years of development and execution around this focus has led to market leadership in observability for the cloud era. Electing to instill financial discipline into its business model from the start. The Company consumed less than $30 million in cash between founding and IPO. By developing a sustainable financial business model early on, the Company set the foundation for its strong financial profitability and cash generation in subsequent years. Architecting the product to be implemented by customers rapidly, with quick time-to-value, enabling an efficient go-to-market motion. Focusing on delivering innovation through Research Development ( R D ) investment. The Company is one of the few software companies that invest more in R D than Sales Marketing, delivering greater value to customers and ensuring a roadmap that keeps up with shifts in technology and customers expanding use cases. Relentlessly focusing on solving customer problems, and not on short-term financial goals, as a north star for product development. Selecting a usage-based pricing model, which aligned to customer value and proved prescient against the seat-based model that prevailed at the time. Executing market leadership in the Company s first product, Infrastructure Monitoring, and subsequently building multiple other observability products on the Datadog platform, to execute to market leadership in the observability space overall. 12 Table of Contents Expanding the platform beyond observability to adjacent areas of customer value, in security, software delivery, service management, data observation, and product analytics. Aggressively shifting the Company s investment mix towards the next generation of AI. These strategic decisions and many more, executed over multi-year periods, has led to market leadership and strong financial performance, as described above. Our strategic advantage against our competitors has been a result of Mr. Pomel and Mr. L -Qu c s technical expertise and ability to navigate an increasingly complex technological ecosystem. In such an environment, we believe our ongoing success will be predicated on the ability to make long-term strategic decisions that build upon and enhance our core business strategy. At this time, the Board believes that Mr. Pomel and Mr. L -Qu c will be essential to maintaining our success and developing our ongoing business strategy. Delaware corporations, particularly those with active founders that own significant amounts of stock, have faced an increasingly litigious environment in Delaware in recent years, which has made Delaware a less attractive place of incorporation due to the substantial costs associated with defending against such suits. Over the years, Delaware corporations have been subjected to more frequent stockholder inspection demands and litigation claims arising under Delaware law as well as higher litigation and settlement fees, including attorneys fees. For example, in aggregate, in 2024 there were 21 M A related settlements totaling $618.3 million paid, a 420% increase in the number of settlements compared to 2019 and a 562% increase in the aggregate settlement amount paid. Moreover, other high-profile technology companies, including Alphabet Inc., Amazon Web Services, Inc., Cloudflare, Inc., International Business Machines Corp, Meta Platforms, Inc., Microsoft Corp, SolarWinds, Inc., Tesla, Inc., Trade Desk, Inc. and TripAdvisor, Inc., have all faced significant challenges to corporate action in Delaware. This increasingly litigious environment has resulted in unpredictability regarding whether Board and management decisions will be enforced. It has also engendered costly and unmeritorious litigation that has the potential to distract the Company s directors and management team from focusing on the execution of the Company s strategy and increasing stockholder value. All of these factors, in the Board s view, have made Delaware a less attractive place of incorporation, particularly for companies like ours in competitive and innovative industries. At the same time, other states have amended their corporation laws and otherwise sought to make their jurisdictions more attractive as a place of incorporation. Nevada in particular has developed and advanced its corporate laws in order to provide businesses with a modern and predictable corporate governance framework and a statute-focused legal environment and, as a result, Nevada has begun to compete with Delaware for public company incorporations. We believe our long-term strategic approach is the best way to deliver consistent performance and sustainable stockholder returns. The Company has historically made many difficult decisions and investments in innovations that have ultimately proven to be beneficial to our stockholders. As the competitive and regulatory landscape continues to evolve, we believe that having flexibility and the option of maintaining significant founder involvement in our business, along with greater certainty and predictability in corporate decision-making, can offer the Company the competitive advantages needed to stay nimble and compete effectively in the years to come. As a result, our Board determined it was in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders to evaluate redomiciling to a jurisdiction that we believe could provide this flexibility. Our Board s Evaluation of the Nevada Redomiciliation At a meeting held on June 6, 2025, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board (the N CG Committee ) discussed among other matters, the evolving legal landscape in Delaware and whether it could be beneficial to consider changing the Company s state of incorporation. However, the N CG Committee decided not to move forward with redomiciling at that time because the Delaware legislature had recently adopted amendments to the DGCL, which took effect on March 25, 2025 (the 2025 DGCL Amendments ), that appeared designed to address some companies concerns about the recent developments in Delaware law, and it was unclear whether those amendments would adequately address the key issues in practice. 13 Table of Contents On October 29, 2025, the N CG Committee and a representative of Sullivan Cromwell ( S C ), independent legal counsel to the Company, met to assess, among other things, whether the Board should resume consideration of a potential redomiciliation of the Company in light of certain recent developments, including the continuing uncertainty in Delaware s legal landscape following the adoption of the 2025 DGCL Amendments, and changes in other states corporate laws and market practices since the N CG Committee had last considered a potential redomiciliation. Following that discussion, including an executive session without management present, the members of the N CG Committee requested additional information from management and S C to inform its consideration of a potential redomiciliation. On December 16, 2025, the N CG Committee and representatives of S C again met to evaluate whether the Board should reconsider a potential redomiciliation of the Company. As part of this discussion, the N CG Committee discussed the potential benefits and drawbacks of remaining in Delaware compared to redomiciling and other considerations, including recent market practices and trends with respect to states of incorporation, the Company s nexus to various jurisdictions, the Board s fiduciary duties, implications for stockholders, and the overall redomiciliation process. Following that discussion (including an executive session), the N CG Committee recommended that a further discussion of a potential redomiciliation of the Company be conducted at a full Board meeting. On January 6, 2026, the Board met with representatives of S C to discuss a potential redomiciliation of the Company. At this meeting, the Board considered, among other possibilities, both Texas and Nevada as potential states of incorporation based on predominant market practices and other factors relevant to the Company s business and concluded that Nevada appeared to be an attractive alternative to Delaware given Nevada s carefully drafted and innovative corporate statutes and statute-based and business-oriented legal environment. The Board also discussed the likelihood that the Company s stockholders would approve redomiciliation and requested that management provide additional information concerning the projected stockholder approval levels for a vote on redomiciliation, which management provided following the meeting after consulting with the Company s proxy solicitor. Thereafter, certain independent directors of the Board met informally on January 17, 2026, and had further discussions with management and with representatives of S C, to further discuss and evaluate whether a redomiciliation of the Company to Nevada would be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. As part of these discussions, the directors further evaluated a number of factors, including the benefits to the Company and our stockholders of redomiciling to Nevada compared to remaining in Delaware, the possible negative impacts of a redomiciliation, meaningful differences in corporate law between Delaware and Nevada and implications for our stockholders as to their economic, governance and litigation rights. Following its meetings and discussions, on January 19, 2026, our Board determined that the Nevada Redomiciliation would be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders and authorized and directed management to take all steps necessary to prepare for the Nevada Redomiciliation. On February 9, 2026, our Board approved the Nevada Redomiciliation, adopted the Nevada Redomiciliation Resolutions, directed that the Nevada Redomiciliation be submitted for consideration by our stockholders at the Special Meeting and recommended that our stockholders approve the Nevada Redomiciliation (including the Plan of Conversion, Nevada Charter and Nevada Bylaws) and adopt the Nevada Redomiciliation Resolutions. Recommendation of the Board Our Board has unanimously approved the Nevada Redomiciliation and recommended that our stockholders approve the Nevada Redomiciliation and adopt the Nevada Redomiciliation Resolutions. Pursuant to Section 266 of the DGCL, the Nevada Redomiciliation and Nevada Redomiciliation Resolutions are hereby submitted for approval and adoption by the stockholders of the Company, with the recommendation of the Board that stockholders vote for the Nevada Redomiciliation and Nevada Redomiciliation Resolutions pursuant to this Proposal. 14 Table of Contents Reasons For Nevada Redomiciliation Our Board believes that there are several reasons the Nevada Redomiciliation is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Nevada Law Will Preserve Necessary Flexibility for Our Founders Involvement We believe that Nevada s carefully drafted and innovative corporate laws and statute-based and business-oriented legal environment provides more clarity and flexibility for companies like ours with active founders, preserving our flexibility to keep Mr. Pomel and Mr. L -Qu c involved in running the Company. For example, NRS Chapters 78 and 92A are generally recognized as a comprehensive and thoughtfully maintained state corporate statutes. Unlike in Delaware, where corporate law regarding fiduciary duties is significantly driven by case law, Nevada codifies the fiduciary duties of directors and officers in the NRS. In turn, Nevada courts follow a more statute-based approach to director and officer duties that is less dependent on judicial interpretation. Although the Company has neither received nor made a proposal contemplating any changes to our existing arrangements with our founders, the statute-driven approach adopted by Nevada, which lessens judicial ambiguity and provides a more stable and predictable legal environment, would offer our founders, Board and management clearer guideposts for considering and making changes to those arrangements in the future if deemed desirable and appropriate. As a result, the Nevada Redomiciliation will help provide the necessary flexibility and clarity to enable us to keep our founders involved in the Company should we wish to do so. Nevada Law Will Provide More Predictability and Certainty in the Underlying Laws That Impact Decision-Making We also believe Nevada s statute-based approach is more advantageous to the Company than Delaware law because Nevada courts follow a more statute-based approach to corporate decisions and transactions that is less dependent upon the vagaries of judicial interpretation or the subject of the matter at issue, and therefore tends to be more stable, predictable and efficient than the review of corporate decision-making under Delaware law, which largely consists of judicial decisions that develop and potentially shift over time. Recent Delaware Chancery Court decisions have raised questions in the market about the predictability of the Delaware courts, particularly for companies like ours with active founders who are also significant stockholders, undermining what was previously perceived as a significant benefit of incorporating in Delaware. Uncertainty as to what standards of conduct govern corporate decision-making, and how a court may rule with respect to the propriety of a transaction after the fact, can have a chilling effect on corporate decision-making, particularly where directors and officers face risk (even if unlikely) of personal liability, which could result in a company not engaging in transactions or taking other corporate actions that could potentially beneficial to its stockholders. Although the Company, with stockholder approval, recently amended its certificate of incorporation to limit the personal liability of officers (in addition to directors) to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law in order to protect against some of these concerns, such protections are more limited in Delaware than Nevada. For example, unlike in Nevada, officers of Delaware corporations may not be exculpated in connection with actions by or in the right of the corporation, including derivative actions by stockholders. In addition, the imposition of onerous standards of post hoc judicial review in Delaware, including standards that can preclude the possibility of obtaining dismissal of claims at the pleading stage, may encourage litigation from Delaware s active plaintiff s bar that monitors corporate transactions, and can yield unnecessary friction and delay that may discourage pursuit of transactions the Board might otherwise believe to be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. As part of its evaluation of the Nevada Redomiciliation, our Board considered the 2025 DGCL Amendments that appear to be designed to address, at least in part, some of the uncertainty and unpredictability that has been created by recent Delaware court decisions, but the 2025 DGCL Amendments remain subject to constitutional challenge before the Delaware Supreme Court, are untested and subject to uncertain judicial 15 Table of Contents interpretation and application that may not fully mitigate a variety of litigation and business planning concerns for the Company. By comparison, we believe that, based on the law as it exists today, Nevada offers more predictability and certainty in decision-making because of its statutory regime, including its codification of the business judgment rule and fiduciary duties of directors and officers, and can provide our Board and management with clearer guideposts to take action that will benefit our stockholders. Thus, we believe that Nevada s statute-based approach will provide greater certainty and predictability for our corporate decisions while also reducing the friction that may discourage or delay beneficial corporate transactions in Delaware s increasingly litigious environment. As a result, we believe the Nevada Redomiciliation will enhance the Company s ability to execute our business priorities, including by allowing the Company to more fully consider, and potentially enter into, advantageous business opportunities that our Board believes to be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. The Nevada Redomiciliation Will Reduce the Risk of Unmeritorious and Costly Litigation, Safeguarding Company Resources and Limiting Management Distraction We believe that Nevada s statute-based regime will also reduce the risk of unmeritorious litigation being brought against the Company and our directors and officers, which, in turn, will better allow our directors and officers to focus on the business and safeguard the Company s resources. The increasing frequency of unmeritorious and opportunistic claims and litigation in Delaware against corporations and their directors and officers creates unnecessary distraction and costs for businesses, especially for companies like ours in competitive and innovative industries where it is critical to be able to make business decisions in an agile and nimble manner. Responding to such litigation can be time-consuming and burdensome, both for the directors and officers involved and other members of Company management and employees. It is also expensive, with the costs of such litigation often borne by the Company s stockholders through, among other things, indemnification obligations, distraction to Company management and employees, and increased insurance premiums. As part of its evaluation of the Nevada Redomiciliation, our Board considered the 2025 DGCL Amendments that appear to be designed to, at least in part, reduce some of the litigation risk for Delaware corporations, but the 2025 DGCL Amendments remain subject to constitutional challenge before the Delaware Supreme Court, are untested and subject to judicial interpretation and application that may not fully mitigate a variety of litigation and business planning concerns for the Company. Our Board also considered the related Senate Concurrent Resolution requesting evaluation of the approach to plaintiffs attorneys fee awards in Delaware, the outcome of which is not yet known. However, even in light of these ongoing developments, we believe Nevada strikes a better balance between the benefits and costs of litigation to the Company and our stockholders than does Delaware because Nevada has a statute-focused approach to corporate law whereas Delaware s approach still depends upon judicial interpretation that lends itself to greater uncertainty and engenders an increased risk of challenges to corporate actions, regardless of merit. Thus, as a result of the increased certainty and predictability provided by Nevada law, the Nevada Redomiciliation will potentially provide greater protection from unmeritorious, expensive and protracted litigation claims challenging our corporate decisions and transactions, which, in turn, is expected to reduce the Company s potential expense for significant litigation and insurance costs often associated with such claims. Nevada Law May Enhance Our Ability to Attract Qualified Management and Directors The increasing frequency of claims and litigation directed towards directors and officers has also greatly expanded the risks facing directors and officers of public companies in exercising their duties. The amount of time and money required to respond to these claims and to defend these types of litigation matters can be substantial. Although both Delaware and Nevada law afford some protections to directors and officers in the form of exculpation from potential liability for money damages for certain acts in their capacities as directors and 16 Table of Contents officers, Nevada law affords potentially greater protections. Specifically, Delaware law permits a corporation to adopt provisions limiting or eliminating the liability of a director to a company and its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of the duty of care, but not for breach of the duty of loyalty, acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct, or a knowing violation of law. Moreover, pursuant to a 2022 amendment to the DGCL, similar protections can be extended to senior officers of Delaware corporations in certain circumstances, but officers cannot be protected to the same degree as directors. For example, the DGCL does not permit a corporation to exculpate officers in connection with actions by or in the right of the corporation, including derivative actions by stockholders. Thus, although the Company, with stockholder approval, recently amended its certificate of incorporation to permit the exculpation of officers (in addition to directors) to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, the protections provided by such provision are more limited for the Company s officers. By contrast, Nevada law permits a broader exclusion of individual liability of both officers and directors to a corporation and its stockholders. Specifically, under Nevada law, unless the articles of incorporation provide for greater individual liability, a director or officer is not individually liable to the corporation or its stockholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in their capacity as a director or officer unless (i) the presumption that the director or officer acted in good faith, on an informed basis and with a view to the interests of the company, has been rebutted; and (ii) it is proven that (a) the director s or officer s act or failure to act constituted a breach of their fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (b) such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. Thus, as a practical matter, for any acts occurring after the Nevada Redomiciliation, the Nevada Redomiciliation will generally result in, among other things, the elimination of any liability of an officer or director for a breach of fiduciary duty, unless arising from intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. There is currently no known pending claim or litigation against any of our directors or officers for breach of fiduciary duty related to their service as directors or officers of the Company. By potentially reducing the risk of lawsuits being filed against the Company s directors and officers, we believe the Nevada Redomiciliation may help us attract and retain qualified management and directors. In summary, for the reasons discussed above and throughout this proxy statement, we believe that the Nevada Redomiciliation is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. In the Board s view, the increased certainty offered by Nevada law around corporate decision-making for transactions and other corporate actions that the Board determines to be in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders, coupled with an expected reduction in the risk of litigation challenging those transactions or actions (except in the specific circumstances recognized by Nevada law), will promote the pursuit of value-maximizing business strategies, reduce the Company s exposure to the substantial costs of corporate litigation and enhance stockholder value over the long term. In reaching its decision to approve the Nevada Redomiciliation and to recommend that our stockholders vote in favor of this Proposal, the Board was aware and considered that a potential litigant might argue, and a court could determine, under Delaware law, that the directors and officers of the Company have an interest in the Nevada Redomiciliation to the extent that it might afford them greater limitations on liability to the Company or its stockholders under Nevada law for acts in their capacities as directors and officers occurring after the Nevada Redomiciliation. No such litigation presently is pending, and the Company is not aware of any threatened litigation of this sort. Nevertheless, as set forth above, the Board believes that the interests of the Company and its stockholders will greatly benefit from the proposed Nevada Redomiciliation, and therefore that the Nevada Redomiciliation is fully justified on such grounds and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, irrespective of any potential benefit to our directors and officers. As also discussed above, the Nevada Redomiciliation could potentially provide us greater flexibility to consider and engage in certain types of corporate transactions that might provide stockholders an opportunity to realize greater value for their shares in the Company that the Board determines to be in the best interests of our stockholders. Nevada has enacted a statute codifying the business judgment rule and this statute has been interpreted by the Nevada Supreme Court as mandating application of the business judgment rule to transactions 17 Table of Contents or corporate actions that, under Delaware law, may be subject to judicial review under the entire fairness standard. As a result, the Nevada Redomiciliation may allow the Company to accomplish certain types of transactions or take other corporate action with a reduced risk of litigation and/or a court overturning the business decisions of our Board, to the detriment of the Company and its stockholders. No such transactions or other corporate actions potentially implicating the entire fairness standard under Delaware law are currently being discussed or considered by the Board. Specifically, there are no such transactions or other corporate actions with Mr. Pomel, Mr. L -Qu c or any of our other directors or officers nor any changes to the Company s compensation plans that would disproportionately benefit Mr. Pomel, Mr. L -Qu c or any of our other directors or officers currently under consideration. Consequently, the Nevada Redomiciliation is not being proposed to prevent a change in control, or as a response to any present attempt known to the Board to acquire or extend control of the Company or obtain representation on the Board. As a result, the decision to redomicile was made on a clear day. Nevertheless, certain effects of the proposed Nevada Redomiciliation may be considered to have anti-takeover implications by virtue of being subject to Nevada law. Potential Risks Associated with the Nevada Redomiciliation Although we believe that the Nevada Redomiciliation is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders, there can be no assurance that the Nevada Redomiciliation will result in all or any of the benefits described in this proxy statement, including the benefits of or resulting from incorporation under Nevada or the application of Nevada law to the internal affairs of the Company. For the Company s comparison of stockholders rights and the material substantive provisions that apply to the board of directors and executive officers under Delaware and Nevada law, see What Changes After the Nevada Redomiciliation? Comparison of Stockholder Rights Under Delaware and Nevada Law. In considering the Nevada Redomiciliation, our Board also considered certain associated risks. Extensive Delaware Case Law and Established Court System The Delaware Court of Chancery and Delaware Supreme Court are highly respected and experienced business courts. Delaware has an extensive body of case law. Trials are before judges who are experts in corporate law and appointed for 12-year terms. Delaware statutory law is regularly updated by the legislature, which meets every year. The Delaware system has long been lauded for its expertise and the quality of its court system. While Nevada also has encouraged incorporation in that state and has adopted comprehensive, modern and flexible statutes that it periodically updates and revises to meet changing business needs, Nevada case law concerning the effects of its statutes and regulations is more limited. Nevada does not currently have a dedicated appointed business court. Currently, Nevada does have designated business court judges in two judicial districts, but those judges are elected for only six-year terms, hear cases in multiple areas of law, and generally do not issue written opinions. Nevada has commenced legislative action to create a dedicated business court with judges who are appointed for six-year terms, but that legislation would have to pass again in both legislative houses in 2027, obtain the requisite vote in a general election, and thereafter require further action by the legislature to create the court. As a result, we and our stockholders would not have the benefit of Delaware s breadth of precedent to anticipate the legality of certain corporate affairs and transactions and stockholders rights to challenge them, particularly on matters as to which Nevada s statutes do not provide a clear answer and a Nevada court must make a determination as a matter of first impression. Also, the Nevada legislature meets every two years, and thus updates to Nevada statutory law occur at most every other year. Less Familiarity with Nevada There have only been a limited number of redomiciliations in recent years. None of the Company s competitors and only one of the Company s compensation peers set forth in our 2025 proxy statement, filed with 18 Table of Contents the SEC on April 18, 2025, has undergone a redomiciliation to date. Additionally, the companies that have chosen Nevada as their initial state of incorporation to date have been of much smaller size. As a result, we will be one of the largest companies to choose to incorporate in Nevada and may suffer some reputational consequences for redomiciling at the beginning of the trend. It is also possible that choosing to redomicile to a jurisdiction other than Delaware, whose corporate laws may be less understood or may be perceived to be less responsive to stockholder rights or demands, could impact the views or behaviors of certain proxy advisory firms, institutional investors and/or members of the financial services industry, as well as potential director and officer candidates, regarding the Company, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Certain Differences Between Delaware and Nevada Law Although we and our Board believe that the rights of stockholders under the DGCL and the NRS are substantially equivalent, at least on balance of the relevant considerations against one another and as relevant to the Company, the DGCL and Delaware case law collectively are different in certain respects than the NRS and existing Nevada case law in ways that may affect the rights of our stockholders. Please see the Company s summary of certain differences in the section titled What Changes After the Nevada Redomiciliation? Comparison of Stockholder Rights Under Delaware and Nevada Law. For instance, as further explained below, under the NRS, a stockholder may inspect a Nevada corporation s articles of incorporation, bylaws and ledger of record stockholders, subject to certain limitations, if such stockholder holds (or has been authorized by the holders of) at least 5% of the outstanding shares of stock of the Nevada corporation, or has been a stockholder of record for at least six months immediately preceding the demand. In addition, the NRS provides that a stockholder of record may inspect the books of account and financial statements of a Nevada corporation if such stockholder holds (or has been authorized by the holders of) at least 15% of the outstanding shares of stock of the Nevada corporation; however, these additional inspection rights may not be available for stockholders of publicly traded companies. The DGCL, on the other hand, does not require that a stockholder hold a certain number of shares or hold such shares for a stated period of time prior to exercising their books and records inspection rights. Thus, it is possible that some of our stockholders entitled to make a books and records demand today (as stockholders of a Delaware corporation) will not be able to make a similar demand following the Nevada Redomiciliation. Further, the NRS expressly provides that directors or officers of a Nevada corporation may consider, or approve or take an action that factors in the interests of stakeholders other than the corporation s stockholders, such as employees, suppliers and the community, and the long-term or short-term interests of the corporation or its stockholders. Under Delaware law, on the other hand, there is no express statutory authority to consider such purposes, and fiduciary duties in most circumstances require directors to seek to maximize the value of the corporation for the long-term benefit of the stockholders unless the corporation is specifically incorporated as a public benefit corporation. As a result, as a Nevada corporation, it is possible that our directors and officers may consider the interests of other constituencies in a manner different from what Delaware law may require. Our Board has identified a handful of other areas where the rule in Nevada differs in some respect from the rule in Delaware. These are generally procedural in nature. The potentially most important area is related to antitakeover protections. Both Delaware and Nevada permit a range of anti-takeover defenses, including poison pills. Both states have prohibitions (unless statutorily mandated conditions are met) on business combinations with interested stockholders owning certain proportions of the outstanding shares, though they apply at different ownership thresholds and have differing moratorium periods: 15% of the voting power of the outstanding voting stock for three years in Delaware and 10% of the voting or investment power of the outstanding voting stock for up to four years in Nevada. The Nevada Corporation will opt-out of the Nevada business combination statutes. 19 Table of Contents Transaction Costs and Potential Litigation Risk The Company will also incur certain non-recurring costs in connection with the Nevada Redomiciliation, including certain filing fees and legal and other transaction costs. We may also face legal challenges in connection with the Nevada Redomiciliation that, regardless of merit, could result in additional expense, distraction and time. A majority of these costs have already been incurred or will be incurred regardless of whether the Nevada Redomiciliation is ultimately approved and completed. Many of the expenses that will be incurred are difficult to accurately estimate at the present time, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in connection with the Nevada Redomiciliation. What Changes After the Nevada Redomiciliation? The Nevada Redomiciliation will effect a change in the legal domicile of the Company and other changes, the most significant of which are described below. Following the Nevada Redomiciliation, we will be governed by the NRS instead of the DGCL, and we will be governed by the Nevada Charter and Nevada Bylaws, the forms of which are included as Appendix D and Appendix E , respectively, to this proxy statement. Approval of this Proposal will constitute approval of the Nevada Charter and Nevada Bylaws. Our current Delaware Charter and Delaware Bylaws will no longer be applicable following completion of the Nevada Redomiciliation. Copies of the Delaware Charter and Delaware Bylaws are available as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which is available electronically to the public, free of charge, on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. Comparison of Stockholder Rights Under Delaware and Nevada Law The rights of our stockholders are currently governed by the DGCL, Delaware case law, the Delaware Charter and the Delaware Bylaws. Following completion of the Nevada Redomiciliation, the rights of our stockholders will be governed by the NRS, Nevada case law, the Nevada Charter and the Nevada Bylaws. The statutory corporate laws of Nevada, as set forth in the NRS, are similar in many respects to those of Delaware, as set forth in the DGCL. However, there are certain differences that may relate to your rights as a stockholder, as well as the corporate governance of the Company. The following are brief summaries of certain legal considerations relating to the current rights of stockholders of a Delaware corporation and the stockholders of a Nevada corporation and the corporate governance of a company in Delaware and in Nevada. The following discussion does not provide a complete description of the differences that may affect you. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the NRS and the DGCL, the Nevada Charter and Nevada Bylaws, the Delaware Charter and Delaware Bylaws, and the body of case law in both jurisdictions, and some of the differences in the legal considerations below may not affect you in light of the provisions of the Nevada Charter and Nevada Bylaws, which opt in to or out of certain determinations as permitted under the NRS. Issue Delaware Nevada Increasing or Decreasing Authorized Capital Stock and Proportionately Increasing or Decreasing Issued and Outstanding Capital Stock Delaware law does not have a provision permitting the board of directors of a corporation to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares in a class or series of the corporation s shares and correspondingly effect a forward or reverse split of any class or series of the corporation s shares (and change the par value thereof) without a vote of the stockholders. The NRS allows the board of directors of a corporation, unless restricted by the articles of incorporation, to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares in a class or series of the corporation s shares and correspondingly effect a forward or reverse split of the same class or series of the corporation s shares (and change the par value thereof) without a vote of the stockholders, so long as the action taken does not adversely change or alter any right or preference of the 20 Table of Contents Issue Delaware Nevada The DGCL does permit a Delaware corporation to provide in its certificate of incorporation that no separate class vote(s) shall be required to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of such class, in which case, a share increase or decrease amendment would only need to be approved by the holders of all outstanding shares, voting together as a single class. As described in more detail under Certain Differences Between the Delaware Charter and Bylaws and the Nevada Charter and Bylaws Charter Regarding Increases or Decreases in Authorized Stock below, the Delaware Charter includes such a provision. stockholders and does not include any provision or provisions pursuant to which only money will be paid or scrip issued to stockholders who hold 10% or more of the outstanding shares of the affected class and series, and who would otherwise be entitled to receive fractions of shares in exchange for the cancellation of all of their outstanding shares. The NRS also provides that such increase or decrease in the number of authorized shares does not have to be approved by the vote of each class or series whose preferences or rights are adversely affected thereby if the articles of incorporation specifically deny the right to vote on such an increase or decrease. As described in more detail under Certain Differences Between the Delaware Charter and Bylaws and the Nevada Charter and Bylaws Charter Regarding Increases or Decreases in Authorized Stock below, the Nevada Charter includes such a provision. Classified Board of Directors The DGCL permits a Delaware corporation to classify its board of directors into as many as three classes with staggered terms of office. If a board of directors is classified, the stockholders elect only one class each year and each class would have a term of office of up to three years. The NRS also permits a Nevada corporation to classify its board of directors into any number of classes with staggered terms of office, so long as at least one-fourth of the total number of directors is elected annually. Removal of Directors Under the DGCL, the holders of a majority of shares of each class entitled to vote in an election of directors may vote to remove any director or the entire board with or without cause unless (i) the board of directors is classified, in which case directors may be removed only for cause (unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise); or (ii) the corporation has cumulative voting, in which case, if less than the entire board is to be removed, no director may be removed without cause if the votes cast against his or her removal would be sufficient to elect him or her. The NRS requires the vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote in an election of directors in order to remove a director or all of the directors. The articles of incorporation may provide for a voting threshold higher than two-thirds, but not lower. Furthermore, the NRS does not make a distinction between removal for cause and removal without cause. 21 Table of Contents Issue Delaware Nevada Director Independence for Corporate Acts and Transactions Under the 2025 DGCL Amendments, a disinterested director is defined as a director who is not party to the act or transaction being considered and who does not have a material interest in that act or transaction or a material relationship with a person that has a material interest in the act or transaction. A material relationship is defined as a familial, financial, professional, employment or other relationship that would be reasonably expected to impair the objectivity of the director s judgment when participating in the authorization or approval of the act or transaction at issue. In addition, under the DGCL, any director of a corporation that has a class of stock listed on a national securities exchange is presumed to be a disinterested director with respect to an act or transaction to which that director is not a party if the board of directors has determined that the director satisfies the relevant criteria for determining director independence from the corporation and, if applicable, the controlling stockholder or control group, under any rules promulgated by the applicable exchange. This presumption may only be rebutted by substantial and particularized facts that the director has a material interest in the act or transaction or has a material relationship with a person with a material interest in the act or transaction. In the amendments adopted to NRS Chapters 78 and 92A by the 2025 Nevada Legislature (the 2025 NRS Amendments ), the term disinterested director was defined in NRS 78.240 to include, without limitation, a director who does not have a material and nonspeculative financial interests in, nor is a party to, the contract or transaction being considered, and would satisfy the independence standards required to serve on an audit committee of a board of directors pursuant to the Exchange Act and certain rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the applicable exchange. NRS 78.140 also provides a statutory framework for the approval of a transaction between a corporation and a director or officer who has an interest in that transaction, as described in more detail under Standard of Judicial Review of Board Decisions below. Fiduciary Duties Under Delaware law, the standards of conduct for directors and officers have mostly developed through Delaware court case law. Generally, directors and officers must exercise a duty of care and a duty of loyalty to the corporation and its stockholders. In addition, under Delaware law, controlling stockholders of a corporation may owe fiduciary duties to the corporation and its minority stockholders in certain circumstances, including when the controlling stockholder is selling its Fiduciary duties of directors and officers are codified in the NRS. Nevada law requires that directors and officers of Nevada corporations exercise their powers in good faith, on an informed basis and with a view to the interests of the corporation. The NRS also provides as a matter of law that directors and officers are presumed to act in good faith, on an informed basis and with a view to the interests of the corporation in making business decisions. 22 Table of Contents Issue Delaware Nevada shares or seeking to change the status quo using its voting power, although 2025 DGCL Amendments do provide that controlling stockholders and control groups, in their capacity as such, cannot be liable for monetary damages for breach of the duty of care. See Limitation on Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Controlling Stockholders and Control Groups below. The NRS also specifies the fiduciary duties of controlling stockholders. In the 2025 NRS Amendments, NRS 78.240 was amended to provide that stockholders, as such, may vote in their personal interest and have no fiduciary duty to the corporation or any other stockholder, but controlling stockholders may owe the corporation and its stockholders a fiduciary duty to refrain from exerting undue influence over any director or officer with the purpose and proximate effect of inducing a breach of fiduciary duty by such director or officer in certain circumstances. The 2025 NRS Amendments further provide that a stockholder of a corporation is not individually liable to the corporation or its stockholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in such person s capacity as a stockholder unless: (i) the stockholder is a controlling stockholder; (ii) the presumption that the controlling stockholder did not breach its fiduciary duty under NRS 78.240(4) (as described in more detail under Standard of Judicial Review of Board Decisions below) has been rebutted; and (iii) it is proven that the act or failure to act constituted a breach of the stockholder s fiduciary duty. Reliance Members of the board of directors or any committee designated by the board of directors are entitled to rely in good faith upon the records of the corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports and statements presented to the corporation by corporate officers, employees, committees of the board of directors or other persons as to matters such member reasonably believes are within such other person s professional or expert competence, provided that such other person has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the corporation. In performing their duties, directors and officers may exercise their business judgment through reliance on information, opinions, reports, financial statements and other financial data prepared or presented by corporate directors, officers or employees who are reasonably believed to be reliable and competent. Reliance may also be extended to legal counsel, public accountants, advisers, bankers or other persons reasonably believed to be competent, and to the work of a committee (on which the particular director or officer does not serve) if the committee was established and empowered by the corporation s board of directors, and if the committee s work was within its designated authority and was about matters on which the 23 Table of Contents Issue Delaware Nevada committee was reasonably believed to merit confidence. However, directors and officers may not rely on such information, opinions, reports, books of account or similar statements if they have knowledge concerning the matter in question that would make such reliance unwarranted. Nevada law extends the statutory protection for reliance on such persons to corporate officers. Standard of Judicial Review of Board Decisions So long as directors properly discharge their fiduciary duties of care and loyalty when managing a corporation, under Delaware case law, their decisions will generally be protected by the presumption of the business judgment rule, under which a court will not second guess an unconflicted business decision made by the board of directors unless such decision cannot be attributed to any rational business purpose. However, in certain circumstances, Delaware courts may instead apply different heightened levels of scrutiny, including in the case of: (i) conflicted transactions, which include transactions involving a controlling stockholder or other related party; (ii) adoption of defensive measures; (iii) actions infringing on the stockholder franchise ( i . e ., stockholder voting); and (iv) change of control transactions. In those cases, a court will scrutinize not only the board of directors decision-making process but also the substance of the decision. Section 144 of the DGCL provides that a transaction between a corporation and a director or officer who has an interest in that transaction (but that is not a controlling stockholder transaction) is entitled to statutory safe harbor protection if: (i) the transaction is approved in good faith and without gross negligence by a majority of disinterested directors on the board or a committee of the board and the material facts regarding the director s or officer s relationship with or interest in NRS 78.138 provides for a statutory business judgment rule, which presumes that directors and officers acted in good faith, on an informed basis and with a view to the interests of the corporation, and allows for director or officer liability only when the plaintiff affirmatively rebuts the business judgment rule presumption and proves (i) a breach of fiduciary duty; and (ii) that the breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. The statutory business judgment rule is generally the sole standard for any analysis involving fiduciary duty claims against corporate directors and officers in Nevada, regardless of the circumstances or the parties involved in the transactions (including the presence of a controlling stockholder). However, in the narrow circumstances of an action to resist a change or potential change in control that impedes the rights of stockholders to vote for or remove directors, directors will only be given the benefit of the presumption of the business judgment rule if the directors have reasonable grounds to believe a threat to corporate policy and effectiveness exists and the action taken that impedes the exercise of the stockholders rights is reasonable in relation to such threat. The NRS also expressly provides that this precondition to the application of the business judgment rule does not apply to poison pills or actions that only affect the time of the exercise of stockholders voting rights. 24 Table of Contents Issue Delaware Nevada the transaction have been disclosed to the board or board committee approving the transaction; or (ii) the transaction is approved or ratified by an informed, uncoerced, affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the disinterested stockholders. Pursuant to the 2025 DGCL Amendments to Section 144 of the DGCL, a controlling stockholder transaction that does not constitute a going private transaction is entitled to statutory safe harbor protection if it is (i) approved in good faith by a committee consisting of a majority of disinterested directors; or (ii) approved or ratified by a majority of the votes cast by the disinterested stockholders and the material facts regarding the transaction have been disclosed to the committee approving, or the disinterested stockholders voting on, the transaction. The entire fairness standard of judicial review under Delaware law applies to transactions involving a controlling stockholder for which the safe harbors under amended Section 144 of the DGCL are not available. The entire fairness standard places the burden on the board of directors to demonstrate both fair dealing ( i.e. , process) and fair price. NRS 78.140 provides a statutory framework for the approval of a transaction between a corporation and a director or officer who has an interest in that transaction. Under the framework, an interested transaction will not be void or voidable if: (i) the interest is disclosed to the board of directors or a committee thereof, and the disinterested directors or committee members approve the transaction in good faith; (ii) the interest is disclosed to the stockholders of the corporation, and the stockholders holding a majority of the voting power approve or ratify the transaction in good faith; (iii) the interest is not known to the interested director or officer at the time the transaction is brought before the board of directors for action; or (iv) the transaction is fair to the corporation at the time it is authorized or approved. Pursuant to the 2025 NRS Amendments, NRS 78.240(4) was amended to provide that a controlling stockholder is entitled to the presumption that such stockholder did not breach its fiduciary duty with respect to a contract or transaction to which such controlling stockholder is a party or has a material and nonspeculative financial interest if such contract of transaction has been authorized or approved by (i) a committee consisting of only disinterested directors; or (ii) the board of directors in reliance on the recommendation of a committee consisting of only disinterested directors. Considerations by Directors Permitted by Statute The DGCL does not provide directors with statutory authority to consider any constituencies other than stockholders in making decisions. Delaware case law provides that fiduciary duties in most circumstances require directors to seek to maximize the value of the corporation for the long-term benefit of the stockholders. In exercising their powers, including in response to a change or potential change of control, directors and officers of Nevada corporations may consider all relevant facts, circumstances, contingencies or constituencies, which may include, without limitation, the effect of the decision on relevant corporate constituencies. The NRS includes a nonexclusive list of such constituencies, which include the corporation s employees, suppliers, creditors and customers, the economy of the state and 25 Table of Contents Issue Delaware Nevada nation, the interests of the community and society in general, and the long-term as well as short-term interests of the corporation and of the stockholders, including the possibility that these interests may be best served by the continued independence of the corporation. To underscore the discretion of directors and officers of Nevada corporations, the NRS specifically states that such directors and officers are not required to consider the effect of a proposed corporate action upon any constituent as a dominant factor. Further, a director may resist a change or potential change in control of the corporation if the board of directors determines that the change or potential change of control is opposed to or not in the best interest of the corporation upon consideration of any relevant facts, circumstances, contingencies or constituencies, including that there are reasonable grounds to believe that, within a reasonable time the corporation or any successor would be or become insolvent subjected to bankruptcy proceedings. Standard of Review for Change of Control Transactions Under Delaware case law, a decision to seek to sell, or not to sell, a corporation is generally a business decision protected by the business judgment rule. However, once a board of directors decides to proceed with a sale of the corporation or such a sale becomes inevitable, then under Delaware case law the primary responsibility of the board of directors becomes to obtain the best price reasonably available for stockholders and the board of directors must prioritize this over other goals. Pursuant to the 2025 DGCL Amendments to Section 144 of the DGCL, a controlling stockholder transaction constituting a going private transaction is entitled to statutory safe harbor protection if it is approved in good faith by a committee consisting of a majority of disinterested directors and approved or ratified by a Under the NRS, director actions taken in response to a change or potential change in control are generally granted the benefits of the business judgment rule, except with respect to an action to resist a change or potential change in control that impedes the rights of stockholders to vote for or remove directors, in which case there is a precondition to the application of the business judgment rule, as described above. NRS 78.240(4) provides that a controlling stockholder is entitled to the presumption that such stockholder did not breach its fiduciary duty with respect to a contract or transaction to which such controlling stockholder is a party or has a material and nonspeculative financial interest if such contract of transaction has been authorized or approved by (i) a committee consisting of only disinterested directors; or (ii) the board of directors in reliance on 26 Table of Contents Issue Delaware Nevada majority of the votes cast by the disinterested stockholders and the material facts regarding the transaction have been disclosed to both the committee approving, and the disinterested stockholders voting on, the transaction. the recommendation of a committee consisting of only disinterested directors. Nevada s codified business judgment rule applies to judicial review of director and officer actions in the context of a transaction with a controlling stockholder. See Standard of Judicial Review of Board Decisions above. In addition, the NRS provides a framework for approval of a transaction between a corporation and a director or officer who has an interest in that transaction, as described in more detail under Standard of Judicial Review of Board Decisions above. Limitation on Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Controlling Stockholders and Control Groups The DGCL permits a Delaware corporation to adopt a provision in its certificate of incorporation limiting or eliminating the monetary liability of a director or officer to the corporation or its stockholders, except with regard to breaches of the duty of loyalty, acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct, unlawful repurchases or dividends, or improper personal benefit. However, under Delaware law, the exculpation of certain senior officers of a corporation (namely, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, chief operating officer, chief legal officer, controller, treasurer and chief accounting officer, as well as any other persons identified as named executive officers in a corporation s most recent SEC filings) is authorized only in connection with direct claims brought by stockholders, including class actions; it does not eliminate monetary liability of officers for breach of fiduciary duty arising out of claims brought by the corporation itself or for derivative claims brought by stockholders in the name of the corporation. Under the 2025 DGCL Amendments, no person who is a controlling stockholder or a member of a control group will be liable in that capacity to a corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for Under the NRS, a director or officer of a Nevada corporation is not liable unless the presumption that such person acted in good faith, on an informed basis and with a view to the interests of the corporation has been rebutted. In addition, it must be proven both (i) that the act or failure to act constituted a breach of a fiduciary duty as a director or officer; and (ii) that such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law, which is arguably a more stringent burden than a breach of the duty of loyalty or deriving an improper personal benefit under the DGCL. In addition, the NRS provision limiting the personal liability of directors and officers applies to individual liability of directors and officers to the corporation, its stockholders and creditors. Furthermore, under the NRS, it is not necessary to adopt provisions in the articles of incorporation limiting personal liability of directors as this limitation is provided by statute. Thus, the NRS provides broader protection from personal liability for directors and officers than the DGCL. Nevada s codified business judgment rule applies to judicial review of director and officer actions in the context of a transaction with a controlling stockholder. See Standard of Judicial Review of Board Decisions above. 27 Table of Contents Issue Delaware Nevada breach of fiduciary duty other than for: (i) a breach of the duty of loyalty to the corporation or the other stockholders; (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; or (iii) any transaction for which the person derived an improper personal benefit. A controlling stockholder is defined under the DGCL to mean any person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates, either (i) owns or controls a majority in voting power of the outstanding stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; or (ii) has the power functionally equivalent of that of a stockholder that owns or controls a majority in voting power of the outstanding stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors by virtue of ownership or control of at least one-third in voting power of the outstanding stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or for the election of directors who have a majority in voting power of the votes of all directors on the board of directors and power to exercise managerial authority over the business and affairs of the corporation. A control group is defined under the DGCL to mean two or more persons who are not controlling stockholders who, by virtue of an agreement, arrangement or understanding between or among those persons, constitute a controlling stockholder. In addition, the NRS provides a framework for approval of a transaction between a corporation and a director or officer who has an interest in that transaction, as described in more detail under Standard of Judicial Review of Board Decisions above. Pursuant to the 2025 NRS Amendments, NRS 78.240 was amended to provide that stockholders, as such, may vote in their personal interest and have no fiduciary duty to the corporation or any other stockholder, but controlling stockholders may owe the corporation and its stockholders a fiduciary duty to refrain from exerting undue influence over any director or officer with the purpose and proximate effect of inducing a breach of fiduciary duty by such director or officer for which breach the director or officer is liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 and which breach directly relates to the initiation, evaluation, negotiation, authorization or approval by the board or a committee of a contract or transaction to which the controlling stockholder or any of its affiliates or associates is a party or in which any of them has a material and nonspeculative financial interest, and results in a material nonspeculative and non-ratable financial benefit to the controlling stockholder, which benefit excludes, and results in a material and nonspeculative detriment to, the other stockholders generally. This statute further provides that a stockholder of a corporation is not individually liable to the corporation or its stockholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in such person s capacity as a stockholder unless: (i) the stockholder is a controlling stockholder; (ii) the presumption that the controlling stockholder did not breach its fiduciary duty under NRS 78.240(4) (as described in more detail under Standard of Judicial Review of Board Decisions above) has been rebutted; and (iii) it is proven that the act or failure to 28 Table of Contents Issue Delaware Nevada act constituted a breach of the stockholder s fiduciary duty. A controlling stockholder is defined under the NRS to mean a stockholder of the corporation having the voting power, by virtue of such stockholder s relative beneficial ownership of shares or otherwise pursuant to the articles of incorporation, to elect at least a majority of the corporation s directors. Indemnification Under the DGCL, a Delaware corporation is permitted to indemnify any person who is a director, officer, employee, or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, other than an action by or in the right of the corporation, to which such director, officer, employee or agent may be a party or threatened to be made a party, provided such person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed was in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation (and in the case of a criminal proceeding, that he or she had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful). In connection with any threatened, pending or completed action by or in the right of the corporation involving a person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, a Delaware corporation has the power to indemnify a person who is a party or is threatened to be made a party for expenses (including attorneys fees) The NRS generally permits a Nevada corporation to indemnify any director or officer who acted in good faith and in a manner in which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation (and, in the case of an action involving a criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the conduct was unlawful). Under the NRS, the person seeking indemnity may also be indemnified if he or she is not liable for his or her actions under NRS 78.138. Under the statutory indemnification regime under the NRS, the corporation, through its stockholders, directors or independent legal counsel, must determine that the indemnification is proper. The NRS provides that a corporation shall indemnify any person who is a director, officer, employee or agent to the extent that the person is successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise or any claim, issue or matter therein, against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the 29 Table of Contents Issue Delaware Nevada actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit: (i) if such person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation; and (ii) if such person is found liable to the corporation, only to the extent the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought determines that in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court deems proper. This is not exclusive of any other indemnification rights, which may be granted by a Delaware corporation to its directors, officers, employees or agents. The DGCL also requires mandatory indemnification for expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred with respect to any claim, issue or matter on which the director or officer (as defined for purposes of Section 145(c) of the DGCL) is successful on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of the proceeding. person in connection with defending the action, including, without limitation, attorney s fees. Under the NRS, indemnification pursuant to the statutory mechanisms available under the NRS, as described above, does not exclude any other rights to whic