=== PRU_2026-03-26.htm.gz ===
tm2524217-6_nonfiling - none - 20.8153261s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Prudential Financial, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC.Proxy StatementNotice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 12, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. FAST FACTS 1875 AWARDS AND RANKINGS Newark, New Jersey 150+ years Building on a heritage of success 50 million Customers in over 50 countries6 $4T Gross life insurance in force worldwide6 Employees sales associates worldwide6 AA Equivalent Financial strength ratings7 PRU Stock symbol traded on the New York Stock Exchange since 2001 AWARDS AND RANKINGS Fortune World s Most Admired CompaniesTM 2026 Insurance: Life and Health category1 Ethisphere World s Most Ethical Companies 20252 Fortune 500 list of America s largest corporations3 Largest life insurer in the United States (life and health combined) based on total admitted assets4 1st-largest seller of individual life insurance in the United States based on total premiums5 ( h Prudential For more information, please visit Prudential.com.Prudential Financial, Inc. (PFI) of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc, incorporated in the United Kingdom, or the Prudential Assurance Company, a subsidiary of M G plc, incorporated in the United Kingdom. The material in this document is prepared as a summary of certain public disclosures for ease of reference.1 In a survey conducted from October 7 to November 21, 2025, Fortune ranked Prudential on The World s Most Admired Companies list, published February 2026. No compensation or submission was involved in these rankings. From Fortune. 2026 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. Fortune is a registered trademark and Fortune World s Most Admired CompaniesTM is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited and is used under license. Fortune Media IP Limited is not affiliated with, and does not endorse products or services of, Prudential Financial, Inc.2 As of March 2025, World s Most Ethical Companies and Ethisphere names and marks are registered trademarks of Ethisphere LLC.3 As of June 2025. From Fortune. 2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. Fortune and Fortune 500 are registered trademarks of Fortune Media IP Limited and are used under license. Fortune is not affiliated with, and does not endorse products or services of, Prudential Financial, Inc.4 As of December 31, 2024, Ranking for Prudential Financial, according to A.M. Best.5 According to LIMRA as of 4Q24, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company (in New York, by Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey), Newark, NJ (main office). All are Prudential Financial companies, and each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.6 As of December 31, 2025.7 Except as otherwise noted, financial strength ratings are for The Prudential Insurance Company of America and affiliated issuing companies, all subsidiaries of Prudential Financial. Ratings as of February 3, 2026, from A.M. Best Company (A+), Fitch Ratings (AA-), Standard Poor s (AA-), and Moody s (Aa3). Moody s does not rate Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey. Ratings are not a guarantee of future financial strength and/or claims-paying ability. A.M. Best financial strength ratings for insurance companies range from A++ (superior) to D (poor). A rating of A+ is the second highest of thirteen rating categories. Standard Poor s financial strength ratings for insurance companies range from AAA (extremely strong) to D (default). A rating of AA- is the fourth highest of 22 rating categories. Moody s insurance financial strength ratings range from Aaa (highest quality) to C (lowest). A rating of Aa3 is the fourth highest of 21 rating categories. Fitch financial strength ratings range from AAA (exceptionally strong) to C (distressed). A rating of AA- is the fourth highest of 21 rating categories. Please visit investor.prudential.com/ratings for the most current ratings information. TABLE OF CONTENTS 751 Broad Street Newark, NJ 07102 I m pleased to invite you to our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 12, 2026, at 2:00 pm, at 751 Broad Street, Newark, NJ 07102. We hope you will attend the meeting. Whether or not you attend, please designate the proxies on the proxy card to vote your shares. We are continuing our voting incentive program to thank our registered shareholders for their participation and support of strong corporate governance. Through our partnership with American Forests, more than 912,000 trees have been planted on behalf of shareholders, and nearly 944,000 eco-friendly tote bags have been distributed. As a thank you for voting, you may choose between a reusable tote bag or participation in our tree-planting initiative. Every shareholder s vote is important. Thank you for your trust and commitment to our company please vote today. Sincerely, Andrew F. Sullivan Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Prudential Financial, Inc. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING YOUR STOCK DIVIDENDS For registered shareholders, a service fee has been applied to paper dividend checks since 2025 and will increase in late 2026. To avoid this fee, shareholders may enroll in direct deposit to receive dividend payments electronically to their bank account. Shareholders who currently receive paper checks through our transfer agent, Computershare, are encouraged to enroll. Easy ways to enroll Visit https://computershare.com/investor Click Login or Sign up, if you don t have an account Update Profile Update Banking Details Scan this QR code with your smartphone camera. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS In support of transparency and accountability, we are pleased to share with you an overview of the Board s actions during the past year. Company Strategy Over the course of 2025, our Company executed a disciplined process to evaluate Prudential s long-term growth strategy and the leadership structure required to achieve our goals. This work made clear that our operating model must evolve for Prudential to become a higher-growth and more highly valued company. With the Board s oversight, our Global Leadership Team is implementing transformational changes that we believe will position Prudential to move faster and deliver stronger results in the years ahead. Fostering a High-Performance Culture The Board and management reviewed Prudential s leadership model to determine if it was structured to foster faster decision making, with greater accountability and speed during this transformative period. As a result of this review, we announced a new structure designed to streamline operations in the Company s largest markets and sharpen focus on key growth opportunities. On March 10, 2026, Charles F. Lowrey stepped down from the Board and assumed the role of Senior Advisor until his departure from Prudential on June 30, 2026. We thank Charlie for his 25 years of distinguished service to Prudential. Under Charlie s guidance, Prudential refined its business mix, invested in technology, and innovated new products that strengthened the Company s competitive position in the marketplace. Phil Waldeck was appointed Executive Vice President and Head of U.S. Businesses. Phil is one of Prudential s most seasoned leaders due to his deep understanding of the performance drivers accelerating our businesses and a strong track record of delivering results. Prior to leading PGIM s Multi-Asset and Quantitative Solutions business, Phil served as Prudential s chief transformation officer. Phil s leadership will be critical as we focus on Prudential s next phase of growth. Caroline Feeney, Prudential s former Executive Vice President, Head of Global Insurance and Retirement Businesses, departed from that role in February 2026. Caroline made tremendous contributions to Prudential over her 33-year career, including leading our U.S. Businesses, driving the expansion of our retail distribution platform, diversifying our product mix, and strengthening our capital position. We would like to express our gratitude to Caroline for her commitment to Prudential and the lasting influence of her leadership. Brad Hearn was appointed President and CEO of Prudential Holdings of Japan, reporting directly to Andrew Sullivan. We believe Brad s proven ability to deliver results and scale distribution networks will strengthen our international insurance operations. Execution Excellence In alignment with our goal to execute with consistency and discipline, PGIM is transitioning to a unified asset manager model. We expect this new organizational structure, which includes a centralized distribution capability for institutional investors, will help double the percentage of clients engaging with two or more of our asset management businesses and drive additional margin growth over time. Evolving and Delivering on our Strategy The Board supports management s strategy to focus on businesses with large, growing markets and differentiated capabilities that deliver attractive returns. As an example, Prudential sold its PGIM Taiwan business and entered into an agreement to sell its insurance business in Kenya to concentrate Company resources on higher-growth business opportunities. Ongoing Board Refreshment The Board is focused on maintaining a balance of director perspectives, skills and backgrounds to provide effective oversight of Prudential s strategic objectives. In 2025, we added two new independent directors, Thomas D. Stoddard and Joseph J. Wolk. Both leaders bring deep experience in finance and operations and have distinguished global reputations. In addition, Maryann Mannen has been elected to the Board effective May 12, 2026, contingent on the shareholder vote. All of their appointments reflect the Board s thoughtful approach to align refreshment efforts with the evolution of our strategy. 2 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS Global Talent Focus The Board expresses its gratitude to our outstanding team members for their dedication and hard work throughout the year. We are proud that our annual employee survey found that, on average, 80% of employees globally report experiences that reflect an ethical and respectful workplace where flexibility and diverse perspectives are valued. Much of Prudential s future growth and success are predicated on these values embedded in our culture and prized by our employees. More than half of our employees work in our Japanese operation and are central to our international strategy. In November 2025, we held our Board meeting in Prudential s headquarters in Tokyo. Over the course of several days, we met with senior management representing our Asian businesses to discuss strategic long-term priorities and their view of the economic outlook for the region. We also met employees whose observations and experiences reinforced our commitment to global talent development. Shareholder Engagement Effective corporate governance includes regular, constructive conversations with our shareholders to proactively seek shareholder insights, which enable us to consider a broad range of perspectives. In 2025, our Board and management team engaged with a cross section of shareholders owning a majority of our outstanding shares. Topics discussed included the Board s composition, succession planning, human capital development and the Board s approach to overseeing the Company s risks, including cybersecurity and artificial intelligence. An important component of our engagement outreach is our director videos. This year we are featuring our independent directors. Please watch these videos on our website at www.prudential.com/directorvideos . Community Engagement Our ability to drive meaningful change is amplified when our Company and employees actions are aligned. Today we re deploying over $1 billion globally through impact investments, grants and other contributions. Prudential s employees actions play a central role in bringing our purpose to life. In 2025, more than 3,800 U.S.-based employees contributed over 35,000 volunteer hours, generating $254,601 in volunteer rewards for nonprofits. Globally, employees reinforced our investments by promoting financial literacy in Japan, renovating youth enrichment facilities in Mexico, and providing food assistance in the U.K. The initiatives are indicative of our Company s commitment to create vibrant communities and expand access to financial security. Your View is Important to Us We value your support, and we encourage you to share your opinions with us. You can do so by writing to us at the address below. You can also send an email to the independent directors at independentdirectors@prudential.com or provide feedback on our executive compensation program via our website at www.prudential.com/executivecomp . If you would like to write to us, you may do so by addressing your correspondence to Prudential Financial, Inc., Board of Directors, c/o Margaret M. Foran, Chief Governance Officer, 751 Broad Street, Newark, NJ 07102. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. Gilbert F. Casellas Carmine Di Sibio Martina Hund-Mejean Wendy E. Jones Sandra Pianalto Christine A. Poon Thomas D. Stoddard Andrew F. Sullivan Michael A. Todman Joseph J. Wolk NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Place Date Time Prudential Financial s office located at 751 Broad Street Newark, NJ 07102 May 12, 2026 2:00 p.m. Agenda 1. Election of 11 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement; 2. Ratification of appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; 3. Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation; 4. Shareholder proposal regarding an independent Board Chairman; and 5. Shareholders also will act on such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Record date: You can vote if you were a shareholder of record on March 13, 2026. We encourage you to vote your shares before the Annual Meeting. Voting instructions are provided on your proxy card or on the voting instruction form provided by your broker. Brokers are not permitted to vote on certain proposals and may not vote on any of the proposals unless you provide voting instructions. Voting your shares will help to ensure that your interests are represented at the meeting. If you are attending the meeting, you will be asked to present your admission ticket and valid, government-issued photo identification, such as a driver s license, as described in the Proxy Statement. By Order of the Board of Directors, Margaret M. Foran Chief Governance Officer, Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary March 26, 2026 Prudential Financial, Inc. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to Be Held on May 12, 2026: Our 2026 Proxy Statement and Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2025 are available free of charge on our website at www.prudential.com/governance . 4 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS To assist you in reviewing the proposals to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting, we call your attention to the following information about the Company. The following description is only a summary. The Year 2025 for Prudential 2025 was a defining year for Prudential as we celebrated our 150th anniversary and evolved our strategy to position us for long-term growth. Guided by our priorities, we refocused on markets where our strengths create the greatest opportunities to compete and win, improved execution across our businesses, and fostered a performance-driven culture. These actions enhanced our competitiveness and position us to deliver the value our customers and shareholders expect and deserve. While there is more work ahead, the foundation we ve built gives us confidence in our future and in our ability to deliver on our commitments to those we serve. Annual Meeting Proposals Proposal Recommendation of Board Election of director nominees FOR each of the nominees Ratification of independent auditor FOR Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation FOR Shareholder proposal regarding an Independent Board Chairman AGAINST Board of Directors Nominees and Committees All nominees are independent except for Andrew F. Sullivan. Committee membership Name Age Director since Executive Compensation and Human Capital Investment Finance Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Audit Other Public Boards Gilbert F. Casellas 73 01/2001 0 Carmine Di Sibio 62 07/2024 1 Martina Hund-Mejean 65 10/2010 2 Wendy E. Jones 60 01/2021 0 Maryann T. Mannen (1) 63 Nominee 2 ( 2) Sandra Pianalto 71 07/2015 1 Christine A. Poon 73 09/2006 2 Thomas D. Stoddard 60 06/2025 0 Andrew F. Sullivan 55 03/2025 0 Michael A. Todman ( 3) 68 03/2016 3 Joseph J. Wolk 59 09/2025 0 (1) Ms. Mannen is a nominee who does not currently serve on our Board of Directors. Subject to her election at the 2026 Annual Meeting, it is expected that Ms. Mannen will be elected as a member of the Compensation and Human Capital and Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committees. (2) Ms. Mannen serves as a member of the Board of Directors of MPLX GP LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum. Marathon Petroleum s Corporate Governance Principles count concurrent service on the boards of Marathon Petroleum and MPLX GP LLC as one public company board for purposes of assessing the level of public company board commitments. Ms. Mannen has announced that she will not stand for re-election to the Board of Directors at Owens Corning this year. (3) Mr. Todman has been Lead Independent Director since 2023. Member Chair NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY INFORMATION 2025 Total Shareholder Return The chart on the right shows our absolute Total Shareholder Return ( TSR ) and percentile ranking relative to the 20 companies in our Compensation Peer Group over the three time periods indicated. 1-Year 3-Year 5-Year Cumulative TSR 0% 32% 84% Annualized TSR 0% 10% 13% Percentile Rank 6% 13% 34% Governance Practices Board Committees Independent Audit Yes Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Yes Compensation and Human Capital Yes Finance Yes Investment Yes Number of Board Meetings Held 9 Director Attendance Board and Committee Meetings All Directors 99% 2025 Annual Meeting Proposal Results % Support Election of directors 92.59 99.42% Appointment of the Independent Auditors 93.25% Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation 91.31% Shareholder proposal regarding an Independent Board Chairman 35.57% Board Structure (Nominees) Chairman Classification Combined* Independent Lead Director Yes Number of Director Nominees 11 % Independent 91% % Non-Employee Director Diverse 70% % Women 45% Director Average Tenure (years) 8 Director Average Age 65 Shareholder Rights Classified Board No Shareholder right to call special meetings 10% Material restrictions on right to call special meetings No Shareholder right to act by written consent Unanimous Poison Pill No Proxy Access Yes * On March 10, 2026 Charles F. Lowrey stepped down as Executive Chairman. Mr. Lowrey held that position from March 31, 2025, the date that he stepped down as CEO, until March 10, 2026. The independent directors of the Board appointed Mr. Sullivan as Chairman on March 10, 2026. 6 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 8 Summary of Director Nominee Qualifications and Experience 9 Director Nominees 10 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 14 Comprehensive Steps to Achieve Board Effectiveness 17 A Message to Our Shareholders from Prudential s Lead Independent Director 19 Board Risk Oversight 20 Communication with Directors 23 Committees of the Board of Directors 24 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 25 ITEM 2 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 27 Report of the Audit Committee 29 ITEM 3 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 30 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS Item 4 Shareholder Proposal Regarding an Independent Board Chairman 31 VOTING SECURITIES AND PRINCIPAL HOLDERS 33 Proxy Statement The Board of Directors (the Board ) of Prudential Financial, Inc. ( Prudential Financial or the Company ) is providing this Proxy Statement in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 12, 2026, at 2:00 p.m., at Prudential Financial s office located at 751 Broad Street, Newark, NJ 07102, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. Proxy materials or a Notice of Internet Availability were first sent to shareholders on March 26, 2026. COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 35 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 37 Compensation Highlights 37 Philosophy and Objectives of Our Executive Compensation Program 40 How We Make Compensation Decisions 42 Direct Compensation Components 43 COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE REPORT 51 PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE 52 CEO PAY RATIO 54 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 55 2025 Summary Compensation Table 55 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 57 Pension Benefits 60 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 63 Post-Employment Compensation Arrangements 64 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 65 GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING 68 Voting Instructions and Information 68 Board Recommendations 70 Submission of Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations 70 APPENDIX A NON-GAAP MEASURES 73 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board of Directors has nominated eleven director nominees for election at this Annual Meeting to hold office until the next annual meeting and the election of their successors. All of the nominees, with the exception of Ms. Mannen, are currently directors and are standing for election. (1) Each agreed to be named in this Proxy Statement and serve if elected. We have no reason to believe that any of the nominees will be unable or unwilling for good cause to serve if elected. However, if any nominee should become unable for any reason or unwilling for good cause to serve, proxies may be voted for another person nominated as a substitute by the Board, or the Board may reduce the number of directors. Director Criteria, Qualifications, Experience and Tenure Prudential Financial is a financial services company that offers a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, and investment management. The Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee performs an assessment of the skills and the experience needed to properly oversee the interests of the Company. Generally, the Committee reviews both the short- and long-term strategies of the Company to determine what current and future skills and experience are required of the Board in exercising its oversight function and in the context of the Company s strategic priorities. The Committee then compares those skills to those of the current directors and potential director candidates. The Committee conducts targeted efforts to identify and recruit individuals who have the qualifications identified through this process. Board Highlights Our directors expertise combines to provide a broad mix of skills, qualifications and proven leadership abilities. The Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee practices a long-term approach to board refreshment. With the assistance of an independent search firm, the Committee regularly identifies individuals who have expertise that would complement and enhance the current Board s skills and experience. In addition, as part of our shareholder engagement dialogue, we routinely ask our investors for input regarding director recommendations. In addition, the Committee reviews each current director and evaluates their candidacy for recommendation. A review of their attendance, skills, participation and other time commitments, and votes by shareholders on their candidacy, among other factors, are considered. Further, the Board strongly believes that the composition of the Board should be balanced and include longer tenured directors who have seen several financial cycles, mid-term tenured directors, and newer directors. Our Board believes that a balance of our directors diversity of skills for attaining effectiveness and tenure is a strategic asset to our investors. The range of our Board s tenure encompasses directors who have historic institutional knowledge of Prudential and the competitive environment, complemented by newer directors with varied backgrounds and skills. This robustness of our refreshment strategy combines experience and continuity with new perspectives. It is of critical importance to the Company that the Committee recruit directors who help achieve the goal of a well-rounded Board that functions respectfully as a unit. The Committee expects each of the Company s directors to have proven leadership skills, sound judgment, integrity and a commitment to the success of the Company. In evaluating director candidates and considering incumbent directors for nomination to the Board, the Committee considers each nominee s independence, financial literacy, personal and professional accomplishments, and experience in light of the needs of the Company. (1) Ms. Mannen is a nominee who does not currently serve on our Board of Directors. 8 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Summary of Director Nominee Qualifications and Experience Casellas Di Sibio Hund-Mejean Jones Mannen Pianalto Poon Stod dard Sul livan Todman Wolk Business Ethics Play a critical role in the success of our businesses Business Head/Administration Directors with administration experience typically possess strong leadership qualities and the ability to identify and develop those qualities in others Business Operations A practical understanding of developing, implementing and assessing our operating plan and business strategy Corporate Governance Supports our goals of strong Board and management accountability, transparency and protection of shareholder interests Finance/Capital Allocation For evaluating our financial statements and capital structure Financial Expertise/Literacy Assists our directors in understanding and overseeing our financial reporting and internal controls Financial Services Industry For understanding and reviewing our business and strategy Government/Public Policy The Company operates in a heavily regulated industry that is directly affected by governmental actions Human Capital Management/Talent/Inclusion For oversight of the implementation of a successful framework for workforce acquisition, workforce management and workforce optimization that results in the attraction, development and retention of top candidates with diverse skills and backgrounds Insurance Industry For understanding and reviewing our business and strategy International For understanding and reviewing our business and strategy Investments For evaluating our financial statements and investment strategy Marketing/Sales Relevant to the Company as it seeks to identify and develop new markets for its financial products and services Risk Management Critical to the Board s role in overseeing the risks facing the Company Sustainability Aligns the Board s oversight of strategic business imperatives with a sustainable business model Technology/Systems/Cybersecurity Relevant to the Company as it looks for ways to enhance the customer experience and internal operations and oversee cybersecurity risk NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote FOR each of the nominees. Gilbert F. Casellas Age: 73 Director Since: January 2001 (Director of Prudential Insurance since April 1998) Prudential Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Executive Investment (Chair) Mr. Casellas served as Chairman of OMNITRU (a consulting and investment firm) from 2011 to 2017. He was VP, Corporate Responsibility, of Dell Inc. (a global computer manufacturer) from 2007 to 2010. Mr. Casellas served as Chairman, U.S. EEOC from 1994 to 1998 and General Counsel, U.S. Department of the Air Force, from 1993 to 1994. Carmine Di Sibio Age: 62 Director Since: July 2024 Prudential Committee: Audit Public Directorships: Paypal Holdings, Inc. Mr. Di Sibio served as Global Chairman and CEO of EY (a professional organization that specializes in tax, information technology and consulting advisory services) from 2019 to 2024. Prior to this, Mr. Di Sibio served as EY Global Managing Partner Client Service from 2013 to 2019 and led the execution of EY s global strategy in its four geographic areas and four service lines. Mr. Di Sibio was also instrumental in the creation of the Global Innovation Team at EY, which redefined how EY teams use technology to transform existing services and create solutions. During his career at EY, Mr. Di Sibio also served as the Chair of the Global Financial Services Markets Executive as well as Regional Managing Partner for the Americas Financial Services Organization, where he started EY s Risk Management and Regulatory Services, which is now a multibillion-dollar global business. Mr. Di Sibio served in various other executive positions after beginning his career as an auditor at EY in 1985. Martina Hund-Mejean Age: 65 Director Since: October 2010 Prudential Committees: Audit (Chair) Executive Finance Public Directorships: Colgate-Palmolive Company GE Vernova Inc. Former Directorships Held During the Past Five Years: Shell plc (May 2023) Ms. Hund-Mejean served as CFO and as a member of the Management Committee at MasterCard Worldwide (a technology company in the global payments industry) from 2007 to 2019. Ms. Hund-Mejean served as SVP and Corporate Treasurer at Tyco International Ltd. from 2003 to 2007; SVP and Treasurer at Lucent Technologies from 2000 to 2002; and held management positions at General Motors Company from 1988 to 2000. Ms. Hund-Mejean began her career as a credit analyst at Dow Chemical in Frankfurt, Germany. Wendy E. Jones Age: 60 Director Since: January 2021 Prudential Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Finance Ms. Jones served as SVP, Global Operations at eBay, Inc. (a multi-national e-commerce corporation) from October 2016 to December 2020, and was responsible for eBay s customer service, risk, trust, payment operations and workplace resources functions around the world. During that time, Ms. Jones also served as Chair of eBay s Operating Committee, which managed the firm s intersection of product and business teams and oversaw the development and execution of the company s annual business road map. Prior to that time, she served in various other leadership positions and focused much of her career on eBay s global presence, including launching eBay in markets such as Brazil, Russia and Mexico and spearheading eBay s cross-border trade efforts. Prior to joining eBay, Ms. Jones worked in various leadership roles at State Street Bank, Land Rover NA, and for iSKY, Inc. 10 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Maryann T. Mannen Age: 63 Director Nominee Anticipated Prudential Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Public Directorships: Marathon Petroleum Corp. MPLX GP LLC (1) Owens Corning (2) Ms. Mannen has served as President and CEO of Marathon Petroleum Corporation ( Marathon Petroleum ), an integrated, downstream energy company, since 2024 and became Chairman of its Board of Directors in 2026. She previously served as Executive Vice President and CFO of Marathon Petroleum from 2021 to 2024. Ms. Mannen is also Chairman, President and CEO of MPLX GP LLC, a publicly traded large-cap midstream asset holding fund managed and majority owned by Marathon Petroleum. Prior to joining Marathon Petroleum in 2021, Ms. Mannen served as Executive Vice President and CFO of TechnipFMC plc (a technology provider to the energy industry) from 2017 to 2021 and held various senior management positions at its predecessor, FMC Technologies, after beginning her employment there in 1986. (1) Ms. Mannen serves as a member of the Board of Directors of MPLX GP LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum. Marathon Petroleum s Corporate Governance Principles count concurrent service on the boards of Marathon Petroleum and MPLX GP LLC as one public company board for purposes of assessing the level of public company board commitments. (2) Ms. Mannen will not stand for re-election to the Board of Directors of Owens Corning at its 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Sandra Pianalto Age: 71 Director Since: July 2015 Prudential Committees: Corporate Governance and Business Ethics (Chair) Executive Investment Public Directorships: Eaton Corporation plc Former Directorships Held During the Past Five Years: The J.M. Smucker Company (August 2023) FirstEnergy Corp. (May 2021) Ms. Pianalto served as President and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland (the Cleveland Fed) from February 2003 until her retirement in May 2014. Ms. Pianalto also served in various executive and supervisory roles at the Cleveland Fed from 1983 to 1988. Prior to joining the Cleveland Fed, Ms. Pianalto was an economist at the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and served on the staff of the Budget Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Christine A. Poon Age: 73 Director Since: September 2006 Prudential Committees: Executive Finance (Chair) Investment Public Directorships: Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. Former Directorships Held During the Past Five Years: Decibel Therapeutics, Inc. (December 2021) Koninklijke Philips NV (May 2021) The Sherwin-Williams Company (April 2025) Ms. Poon served as Executive in Residence at The Max M. Fisher College of Business at The Ohio State University ( Fisher College of Business ) from 2015 until her retirement in 2020 and served as Professor of Management and Human Resources at The Fisher College of Business from October 2014 to September 2015. Ms. Poon previously served as Dean and John W. Berry, Sr. Chair in Business at The Fisher College of Business at The Ohio State University from April 2009 until October 2014. She served as Vice Chair and Member of the Board of Directors of Johnson Johnson from 2005 until her retirement in March 2009. Ms. Poon joined Johnson Johnson in 2000 as Company Group Chair in the Pharmaceuticals Group. She became a member of Johnson Johnson s Executive Committee and Worldwide Chair, Pharmaceuticals Group, in 2001, and served as Worldwide Chair, Medicines and Nutritionals, from 2003 to 2005. Prior to joining Johnson Johnson, she served in various management positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb for 15 years. Thomas D. Stoddard Age: 60 Director Since: June 2025 Prudential Committees: Audit Investment Mr. Stoddard served as Vice Chairman of Global Investment Banking for the Bank of America Corporation (a leading multinational investment bank and financial services holding company) from 2021 to 2025. Prior to this role, he was the interim Group CFO at Athora Ltd. from 2020 to 2021, during which time he also served as Senior Advisor to the insurance practices in North America, Europe, and Asia at McKinsey Company. From 2014 to 2019, Mr. Stoddard was Group CFO at Aviva plc, and from 2008 to 2014, he was Senior Managing Director and Head of the Global Financial Institutions Group in investment banking at Blackstone. Before joining Blackstone, he co-founded Barrett Ellman Stoddard Capital Partners, where he worked from 2005 to 2008. Earlier in his career, Mr. Stoddard held various investment banking positions at Credit Suisse, UBS, and Lehman Brothers from 1994 to 2008. He began his career after graduating law school as a corporate associate at Cravath, Swaine Moore. 12 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Andrew F. Sullivan Age: 55 Director Since: March 2025 Prudential Committee: Executive Mr. Sullivan has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Prudential Financial, Inc. and The Prudential Insurance Company of America ( Prudential ) since March 2026, and has also served as Chief Executive Officer of Prudential since March 31, 2025. Prior to being Chairman and CEO, he served as Executive Vice President and Head of International Businesses and Global Investment Management, during which he oversaw the company s International Insurance segment, which develops, distributes and services the operations, strategic investments and joint ventures in Asia, Latin America and Africa. He also led PGIM, the firm s global asset management business, during this time. Previously, Mr. Sullivan served in a variety of leadership positions at Prudential, including head of the firm s U.S.-based businesses, comprising Group Insurance, Individual Life Insurance, Retirement Strategies, and Prudential Advisors. He also served as head of Prudential s Workplace Solutions businesses and had responsibility for the Group Insurance underwriting, claims and service organizations. Prior to joining Prudential in 2011, he served in various leadership roles at CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, Cigna, Diamond Technology Partners and DaimlerChrysler. Mr. Sullivan graduated from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland and began his naval career as a nuclear submarine officer. During his tenure with the Navy, he was awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal for superior leadership and performance on board the USS Nebraska. Michael A. Todman Age: 68 Director Since: March 2016 Lead Independent Director Since: 2023 Prudential Committees: Compensation (Chair) Executive (Chair) Finance Public Directorships: Brown-Forman Corporation Carrier Global Corporation Mondel z International, Inc. Mr. Todman served as Vice Chairman of the Whirlpool Corporation (Whirlpool), a global manufacturer of home appliances, from November 2014 to December 2015. Mr. Todman previously served as President of Whirlpool International from 2006 to 2007 and 2010 to 2014, as well as President, Whirlpool North America, from 2007 to 2010. Mr. Todman held several senior positions with Whirlpool over his career. Joseph J. Wolk Age: 59 Director Since: September 2025 Prudential Committees: Audit Finance Former Directorships Held During the Past Five Years: Kenvue (December 2024) Mr. Wolk has been the Executive Vice President and CFO of Johnson Johnson (a multinational pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical technologies corporation) since 2018. He is also a member of Johnson Johnson s Executive Committee and was the sponsor overseeing all capital markets and operational aspects of the separation of the Company s Consumer Health business into an independent, publicly traded company, Kenvue. He served on the Kenvue board from 2023 to 2024 while Johnson Johnson held an equity interest in the company. Previously, Mr. Wolk served in various leadership positions at Johnson Johnson as well as at AMETEK, Inc. in a variety of accounting roles. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Company is committed to good corporate governance, which helps us compete more effectively, sustain our success and build long-term shareholder value. The Company is governed by a Board of Directors and committees of the Board that meet throughout the year. Directors discharge their responsibilities at Board and committee meetings through ongoing communication with one another and management. The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Principles and Practices to provide a framework for the effective governance of the Company. The Corporate Governance Principles and Practices are reviewed regularly and updated as appropriate. The full text of the Corporate Governance Principles and Practices, which includes the definition of independence adopted by the Board, the charters of the Corporate Governance and Business Ethics, Compensation and Human Capital and Audit Committees, the Lead Independent Director Charter, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors, Prudential s Code of Conduct Making the Right Choices, and the Related Party Transaction Approval Policy can be found at www.prudential.com/governance . Copies of these documents also may be obtained from the Chief Governance Officer and Corporate Secretary. Governance is a continuing focus at the Company, starting with the Board and extending to management and all employees. Therefore, the Board reviews the Company s policies and business strategies and advises and counsels the CEO and other executive officers who manage the Company s businesses, including actively overseeing and reviewing, on at least an annual basis, the Company s strategic plans. In addition, we solicit feedback from shareholders on corporate governance and executive compensation practices, among other items, and engage in discussions with various groups and individuals on these matters. Process for Selecting Directors The Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee screens and recommends candidates for nomination by the full Board. The Company s By-laws provide that the size of the Board may range from nine to 14 members, reflecting the Board s current view of its optimal size. The Committee is assisted with its recruitment efforts by an independent third-party search firm, which recommends candidates who satisfy the Board s criteria. The search firm also provides research and pertinent information regarding candidates, as requested. Ms. Mannen, who is nominated for election, and Messrs. Stoddard and Wolk, who were elected to the Board of Directors in 2025, were recommended by an independent third-party search firm. 14 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Onboarding and Continuing Education Prudential s Corporate Governance Principles and Practices describe the new director orientation process and the Board s continuing education standards. These education practices reflect rapidly evolving external developments, risk management, technological advances, and talent oversight needs. Director Orientation All new directors participate in a robust director orientation and onboarding process addressing topics such as Prudential s multi-asset business model, Company strategy, operating performance, and culture. In support of successful integration into active boardroom discussions, new directors have one-on-one sessions with other directors and leaders of Prudential s business lines. New directors who serve on the Audit Committee also meet with our independent auditor. Director Education Cybersecurity and Artificial Intelligence The Board continues to receive cybersecurity education led by both internal and external experts. These sessions include the evaluation of security plans and policies and practices that protect Prudential s assets and its customers. In 2025, the entire Board received training from internal and external experts designed to build the director s artificial intelligence (AI) literacy with a focus on responsible AI adoption across the enterprise. The experts addressed topics including AI s business impact, data governance, ethical AI adoption, and the integration of AI solutions into the Company s workstreams. These educational sessions are in alignment with our belief that the Board must have the knowledge and skills necessary to provide effective governance and strategic oversight in an increasingly digital business landscape. Director Re-nomination The Board applies equal rigor to its director re-nomination process as it does to evaluating prospective directors to join the Board. Each year the Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee evaluates each director s ability to continue his/her contribution to the Company and its stakeholders in a number of categories. Attendance and Active Participation Attendance and interactive contributions at Board and Committee meetings Board and Director Evaluations Feedback received during the annual Board evaluation and discussions between each individual director and the Lead Director, Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee Chair, and Board Chair Skills, Qualifications and Experience Possession of core competencies and command of insight into risks and opportunities facing Prudential Time Commitment and Outside Board Affiliations Stringent evaluation of overboarding considerations, time commitment and potential conflicts of interest or independence concerns to assess a Director s capacity to meet their full responsibility Diversity of Skills, Experience and Perspectives The extent to which the Director contributes to the diverse skills and perspectives of the Board Shareholder Feedback Assess shareholder feedback, including support received during the most recent annual shareholder meeting Director Commitments Oversight The Board recognizes that its members benefit from service on other public company boards. The Board also believes however, it is critical that Directors can dedicate sufficient time to their service on Prudential s Board. Directors must notify the Chairman and CEO, Lead Independent Director and Chief Governance Officer, Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary before accepting an invitation to serve on another public company board. The Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee reviews and determines whether the position would affect the Director s ability to serve on Prudential s Board. As part of the annual director nomination process, the Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee considers a director s ability to devote sufficient time to prepare for and attend all Board and committee meetings and perform all Board and committee responsibilities. It is expected that no Director shall serve on more than four other public company boards in addition to the Prudential Board. However, the Board may determine that service in excess of these guidelines is appropriate based on the facts and circumstances. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Shareholder Nominations and Recommendations of Director Candidates Our By-laws permit a group of up to 20 shareholders who have owned at least 3% of our outstanding capital stock for at least three years to submit director nominees for up to 20% of our Board seats for inclusion in our Proxy Statement if the shareholder(s) and the nominee(s) meet the requirements in our By-laws. Shareholders who wish to nominate directors for inclusion in our Proxy Statement or directly at an Annual Meeting in accordance with the procedures in our By-laws should follow the instructions under Submission of Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations in this Proxy Statement. Shareholders who wish to recommend candidates for consideration should send their recommendations to the attention of Margaret M. Foran, Chief Governance Officer, Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary, at 751 Broad Street, Newark, NJ 07102. The Committee will consider director candidates recommended by shareholders in accordance with the criteria for director selection described under Director Criteria, Qualifications, Experience, and Tenure. Director Attendance During 2025, the Board of Directors held nine meetings. Directors attended 99% of all meetings of the full Board and the committees on which they served. Directors are expected to attend the annual meeting of shareholders. All then-serving Directors were present for the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. Director Independence The current Board consists of 10 directors, one of whom is currently employed by the Company (Mr. Sullivan). The Board conducted an annual review and affirmatively determined that all of the non-employee directors currently serving on the Board (Mses. Hund-Mejean, Jones, Pianalto and Poon, and Messrs. Casellas, Di Sibio, Stoddard, Todman and Wolk) are independent as that term is defined in the listing standards of the NYSE and in Prudential s Corporate Governance Principles and Practices. The Board also affirmatively determined that Ms. Mannen, a director nominee, is independent as that term is defined in the listing standards of the NYSE and in Prudential s Corporate Governance Principles and Practices. In addition, the Board had previously determined that Ms. Murphy and Mr. Scovanner, who served on the Board during 2025, were independent. Independent Director Meetings The independent Directors generally meet in an executive session at each regularly scheduled Board meeting, with the Lead Independent Director serving as Chair. In 2025, the independent Directors of the Board met in executive session at every meeting. 16 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Comprehensive Steps to Achieve Board Effectiveness The Board is committed to a rigorous self-evaluation process. Through evaluation, Directors review the Board s performance, including areas where the Board believes it functions effectively, and more importantly, areas where the Board believes it can improve. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Shareholder Engagement at Prudential In 2025, management and Board members engaged with shareholders who hold a majority of our shares. During these discussions, shareholders were encouraged to identify potential Board candidates and share feedback regarding the Company and issues described in the table below. Board Leadership Currently, our Board leadership structure consists of a Lead Independent Director, a Chairman (who is also our CEO) and committee chairs. The Board believes that our structure provides independent Board leadership and engagement while providing the benefit of having our CEO, the individual with primary responsibility for managing the Company's day-to-day operations, chair regular Board meetings as key business and strategic issues are discussed. The Board, under the leadership of the Lead Independent Director and Chair of the Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee, at least annually, reviews its leadership structure and thoroughly evaluates whether to continue to combine or to split the chair and CEO roles. After considering the perspectives of the individual directors, the views of our significant shareholders, voting results of recent independent chair proposals, academic research, practical experience at peer companies, and benchmarking and performance data, the Board in 2026 determined that having the same individual as both Chairman of the Board and CEO is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board will continue to monitor the appropriateness of this structure. LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Under our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices, the independent directors annually elect a Chairman of the Board and, if the individual elected as Chairman of the Board is not independent, they also elect an independent director to serve as Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director is generally expected to serve for a term of at least one year, but for no more than five years. Michael A. Todman was elected as Lead Independent Director in May 2023. Key Responsibilities Calls meetings of the independent directors. Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors. Facilitates communication between the independent directors and our Chairman. Provides independent Board leadership. Elected annually and may serve no more than five years. Approves the agenda for all Board meetings and all Board materials. Communicates with shareholders and other key constituents, as appropriate. Meets directly with the management and non-management employees of our firm. Engages with our other independent directors to identify matters for discussion at executive sessions of independent directors and advises our Chairman of any decisions reached, and suggestions made, at the executive sessions. In collaboration with the Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee, addresses Board effectiveness, performance and composition. Authorized to retain outside advisors and consultants who report directly to the Board on Board-wide issues. 18 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE A MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS FROM PRUDENTIAL S LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR, MICHAEL A. TODMAN As Prudential s Lead Independent Director, it is a privilege to share the Board s view on the Company s governance practices that we believe reflect our ongoing commitment to building long-term shareholder value. Active Employee Engagement The Board believes when we actively collaborate with Prudential employees at all levels we gain deeper insight into Prudential s operations, enabling better-informed decisions on risk, capital allocation, and growth initiatives. This interaction enables us to anticipate potential market disruptions and gives us insight into external factors that may impact our global business. Prudential launched a Meet the Board initiative featuring videos on our internal and external website introducing each director, their professional background, and personal interests. The initiative encouraged employees and shareholders to learn about governance and the Board in an interactive way. At our November 2025 Board offsite in Tokyo, Japan, all directors participated in a Meet the Board event, and all Audit Committee Members attended the internal audit department s town hall. Christine Poon, Finance Committee Chair, moderated a Women s Executive Panel. This session featured the women members of Prudential s Global Leadership Team. These events created a tone of transparency while enabling directors to discuss strategic priorities, governance, and emerging issues with employees. Aligning Our Board with Our Strategic Needs Our ongoing Board composition review includes regular assessments of director skills, individual director evaluations, robust re-nomination assessments and board leadership succession planning. Regarding the latter, in 2025, we welcomed Thomas D. Stoddard and Joseph J. Wolk to the Board. Tom Stoddard has deep industry knowledge and extensive experience generating value for financial services companies. Joe Wolk brings to the Board global finance expertise and stakeholder engagement. In February 2026, Maryann Mannen was elected to the Board effective May 12, 2026, contingent on the shareholder vote. These exceptional leaders skills align with our strategic needs and priorities as we position Prudential for the future. Strategic Planning The Board continued its focus on the key issues critical to the Company s long-term success including oversight of a broad range of business opportunities. During our November 2025 Board offsite, Prudential s global business leaders discussed the alignment of their future focused initiatives and the Company s strategy. In addition, our meetings included a concentrated focus on the Company s responsible and strategic implementation of artificial intelligence across the enterprise. This informative and robust series of discussions established our Global Leadership Team s and the Board s priorities for 2026 and beyond. It is an honor to serve as your Lead Independent Director. Thank you for your continued support of Prudential as we continue to invest together in our Company s future. Michael A. Todman Prudential Lead Independent Director Mr. Todman was elected by Prudential s independent Directors to serve as Lead Independent Director effective May 2023. He brings significant experience and knowledge to the Lead Independent Director role. Mr. Todman has served as a Prudential Director since March 2016. He currently chairs the Compensation and Human Capital and Executive Committees and sits on the Finance Committee. Due to his Board experience and leadership, Mr. Todman understands the Company s long-term strategic priorities. In addition, he possesses a deep understanding of Prudential and its industry s legal, regulatory, and competitive frameworks. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Risk Oversight In performing its oversight responsibilities, the Board and its committees review policies and guidelines that senior management uses to manage the Company s exposure to material categories of risk. As these issues sometimes overlap, Board committees hold joint meetings when appropriate and address certain issues at the full Board level. During 2025, the Audit and Finance Committees received updates from the Chief Risk Officer on the important risks facing the Company, including a discussion on our Own Risk and Solvency Assessment ( ORSA ), as well as other existing and significant emerging risks. In addition, the Board and committees reviewed the performance and functioning of the Company s overall risk management function, as well as how the Company s risk oversight process aligns with its disclosure controls and procedures. The Company, under the Board s oversight, is organized to promote a strong risk awareness and management culture. The Chief Risk Officer sits on many management committees and heads an independent enterprise risk management department. The General Counsel as well as the Chief Compliance Officer sit on key management committees and the functions they oversee operate independently of the businesses to separate management and oversight. Cybersecurity Risk Oversight The Board oversees the Company s Information Security program. In order to respond to the threat of security breaches and cyberattacks, we have developed a program, overseen by the Company s Chief Information Security Officer and our Information Security Office, that is designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and continued availability of information owned by, or in the care of, the Company. This program also includes a cyber incident response plan that provides controls and procedures for timely and accurate reporting of any material cybersecurity incident. The Audit Committee, which is tasked with oversight of certain risk issues, including cybersecurity, receives reports twice per year from the Chief Information Security Officer, the Head of Global Technology and Operations and Risk Management. At several meetings, the Board and the Audit Committee also receive updates about the results of program reviews, which may include exercises and response readiness assessments led by outside advisors who provide a third-party independent assessment of our technical program and internal response preparedness. The Audit Committee regularly briefs the full Board on these matters, and the full Board also receives periodic briefings from internal and external experts on cyber threats in order to enhance our Directors literacy on cyber issues. 20 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CYBERSECURITY GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS Comprehensive reporting to our Board by our Chief Information Security Officer and our Information Security Office in response to key developments. Cross-functional approach to addressing cybersecurity risk, with engagement among Global Technology, Risk, Legal, Compliance, and Corporate Audit functions. Cybersecurity program is integrated within our risk management framework and includes escalation points to business and corporate function leadership, as well as to our Executive Risk Committee, Enterprise Risk Management Council, and allowing cyber risk and control items to be elevated to the Board or its Audit Committee on a risk-driven basis for calibrated oversight. Risk environment and associated controls are assessed on an ongoing basis considering current and potential future threats. Global presence with 24/7 cyber threat operations center. Employees with access to our Company s systems receive comprehensive annual training on responsible information security, data security, and cybersecurity practices and how to protect data against cyber threats. Our detailed incident response plan specifies escalation and evaluation processes for cyber events. This plan is executed in close coordination with our internal functions including a dedicated Cyber Law Privacy Law function, External Affairs, and Risk Management. To the extent cybersecurity controls are related to internal control over financial reporting, such controls are considered in the context of Prudential s annual integrated audit. Prudential s security program is aligned, as appropriate based on our platforms, business activities, operating environment, and associated risks, with the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cyber Security Framework (NIST CSF 2.0), and other industry-recognized security frameworks. PRUDENTIAL S ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE PRODUCT POLICY The use of artificial intelligence is an important part of our business strategy to serve customers effectively, equitably, and responsibly. We are committed to the ethical use of this emerging technology. Prudential s Global Technology and Risk Management functions have established requirements for the lifecycle of Artificial Intelligence Products ( AIPs ). Businesses and corporate functions must have established processes to identify and mitigate risks associated with the use of AIPs. Prudential s leaders play a critical role in the oversight of ethical and responsible use of artificial intelligence: Board of Directors Responsible for overseeing the effectiveness of Prudential s internal control structure, which includes its use of AIPs. The Audit Committee is made aware of risks associated with the use of artificial intelligence. Business Division and Corporate Function Heads Accountable for establishing operating and supervisory procedures to comply with Prudential s Artificial Intelligence Product Policy. Global AI Oversight Council Sets the governance, and monitors the company-wide deployment of AIPs so that the use of AIPs aligns with the Company s strategy, purpose, principles, and core values. This cross-functional group is part of the Company s risk and compliance governance structure. Prudential s Ethical Principles for Artificial Intelligence are integrated into the Company s AI Product Policy. This promotes our ongoing commitment to ensure transparent and responsible adoption throughout our design, development, purchase, deployment, and use of AI. Our policies and codes of conduct are supported by required training, with all U.S. employees trained on responsible AI usage in 2025. Executive Compensation Risk Oversight We monitor the risks associated with our compensation programs and individual executive compensation decisions on an ongoing basis. Each year, management undertakes a review of the Company s various compensation programs to assess the risks arising from our compensation policies and practices. Management presents these risk assessments to the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. The risk assessments have included a review of the primary design features of the Company s compensation plans, the process to determine compensation pools and awards for employees and an analysis of how those features could directly or indirectly encourage or mitigate risk-taking. As part of the risk assessments, it has been noted that the Company s annual incentive plan allows for discretionary negative adjustments to the ultimate outcomes, which serves to mitigate risk-taking. Moreover, senior management is subject to share ownership and retention policies, and historically, a large percentage of senior management compensation has been paid in the form of long-term equity awards. In addition, senior management compensation is paid over a multiple-year cycle, a compensation structure that is intended to align incentives with appropriate risk-taking. The Company s general risk NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE management controls also serve to preclude decision-makers from taking excessive risk to earn the incentives provided under our compensation plans. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee agreed with the conclusion that the identified risks were within our ability to effectively monitor and manage, and that our compensation programs do not encourage unnecessary or excessive risk-taking and do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. In addition, in 2026, The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd. ( Prudential of Japan ), a Japanese insurance subsidiary of the Company, is implementing a series of actions to strengthen oversight of sales practices, governance and risk management, which includes redesigning Prudential of Japan's compensation structure to better align customer protection with new business incentives. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee will provide oversight of this redesign by Prudential of Japan, which is currently underway. Environmental Stewardship Environmental stewardship, which includes Prudential s climate practices, is overseen by the Board s Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee. The full Board receives reports from its committees on sustainability related risks and opportunities, which allow Directors to contemplate these considerations when reviewing business decisions and strategic plans. The Company s Executive Sustainability Committee, comprised of relevant senior leaders, oversees the Company s sustainability approach, including environmental stewardship and climate, and is supported by the Sustainability Office, a Climate Change Task Force, sustainability committees in Japan and Brazil, and PGIM s Sustainability Council. Human Capital Management and Succession Planning The Compensation and Human Capital Committee and the full Board s involvement in leadership development and succession planning is systematic and ongoing. We believe that human capital management and succession planning extending from the CEO throughout the organization is paramount to the Company s success and central to our long-term strategy. The Board has established clear criteria for evaluating potential CEO candidates including demonstrated performance over multiple years while performing against a robust development plan. This enables the Board to assess the individual s leadership qualities, and strategic judgment in various scenarios over time. The CEO and Chief People Officer collaborate with the Committee and other Board committees to prepare and evaluate management development and succession plans several levels below the CEO. The Committee reports its CEO succession plan and candidate assessment to the full Board at least once per year for its comments and appraisal. In addition, the Board reviews the Company s overall human capital outlook in support of its business strategy at least annually and frequently discusses talent issues at its meetings. In support of our commitment to talent development, throughout the year, individuals identified as high-potential leaders are given exposure and visibility to Board members through formal presentations and at informal events, including Board dinners. This allows directors to have an informed opinion about Prudential s talent depth and the possession of the skills necessary to lead and achieve the Company s goals. Each business line and the Risk, Audit, and Finance functions engage in succession planning for key roles at least once per year. 22 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Communication with Directors Shareholders and other interested parties may communicate with any of the independent Directors, including Committee Chairs and the Lead Independent Director, by using the following address: Prudential Financial, Inc. Board of Directors c/o Margaret M. Foran, Chief Governance Officer, Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary 751 Broad Street Newark, NJ 07102 Email: independentdirectors@ prudential.com The Chief Governance Officer, Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary of the Company reviews communications to the independent Directors and forwards those communications to the independent Directors as discussed below. Communications involving substantive accounting or auditing matters will be immediately forwarded to the Chair of the Audit Committee and the Company s Corporate Chief Ethics Officer consistent with time frames established by the Audit Committee for the receipt of communications dealing with these matters. Communications that pertain to non-financial matters will be forwarded promptly. Items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board will not be forwarded, such as: business solicitations or advertisements; product-related inquiries; junk mail or mass mailings; resumes or other job-related inquiries; or spam and overly overtly hostile, threatening, potentially illegal or similarly unsuitable communications. Feedback on Executive Compensation: You can also provide feedback on executive compensation at the following website: www.prudential.com/executivecomp . NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Committees of the Board of Directors The Board has established various committees to assist in discharging its duties, including: Audit, Compensation and Human Capital, Corporate Governance and Business Ethics, Executive, Finance and Investment. The primary responsibilities of each of the committees are set forth below, together with their current membership and the number of meetings held in 2025. Committee charters can be found on our website at www.prudential.com/governance . Each member of the Audit, Compensation and Human Capital, and Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committees has been determined by the Board to be independent for purposes of the NYSE Corporate Governance listing standards. In addition, Directors who serve on the Audit Committee and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee meet additional, heightened independence and qualification criteria applicable to Directors serving on these committees under the NYSE listing standards. Audit Committee Meetings in 2025: 12 The Audit Committee provides oversight of the Company s accounting and financial reporting and disclosure processes, the adequacy of the systems of disclosure and internal control established by management, and the audit of the Company s financial statements. The Audit Committee oversees insurance risk and operational risks, risks related to financial controls, and legal, regulatory, cybersecurity and compliance matters, including the risk associated with the use of artificial intelligence, and oversees the overall risk management governance structure and risk management function. Among other things, the Audit Committee: (1) appoints the independent auditor and evaluates its qualifications, independence and performance; (2) reviews the audit plans for and results of the independent audit and internal audits; and (3) reviews reports related to processes established by management to provide compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The Board has determined that all of our Audit Committee members are financially literate and audit committee financial experts as defined by the SEC. Compensation and Human Capital Committee Meetings in 2025: 7 The Compensation and Human Capital Committee oversees the Company s programs and practices related to talent and leadership; compensation of the Company s executive officers; administration of the equity-based and certain other compensation plans; management of risks for succession planning and compensation; and strategies and policies related to human capital management. For more information on the responsibilities and activities of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, including the Committee s processes for determining executive compensation, see the CD A. (1) If elected at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, Ms. Mannen will serve on the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee Meetings in 2025: 8 The Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee oversees the Board s corporate governance procedures and practices, including the recommendations of individuals for the Board, recommendations to the Board regarding director compensation, overseeing the Company s ethics and conflict-of-interest policies, its political contributions and lobbying expenses policy, its strategy and reputation policy regarding environmental, social and governance issues, including environmental stewardship, sustainability, climate, human capital management external reporting, and corporate social responsibility for the Company s global businesses. (2) If elected at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, Ms. Mannen will serve on the Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee. Executive Committee Meetings in 2025: 0 The Executive Committee is authorized to exercise the corporate powers of the Company between meetings of the Board, except for those powers reserved to the Board by our By-laws or otherwise. 24 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Finance Committee Meetings in 2025: 5 The Finance Committee oversees, takes actions, and approves policies with respect to capital, liquidity, borrowing levels, reserves, benefit plan funding, major capital expenditures, and oversight of the ORSA and the Company s Risk Appetite Framework. Investment Committee Meetings in 2025: 4 The Investment Committee oversees and takes actions with respect to the purchase, management, disposition, risk management and governance of invested assets and reviews investment risks and exposures, as well as the investment performance of products and accounts managed on behalf of third parties. In addition to the above Committee meetings, the Board held 9 meetings in 2025. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions The Company has adopted a written Related Party Transaction Approval Policy that applies: to any transaction or series of transactions in which the Company or a subsidiary is a participant; when the amount involved exceeds $120,000; and when a related party (a director or executive officer of the Company, any nominee for director, any shareholder owning an excess of 5% of the total equity of the Company and any immediate family member of any such person) has a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or trustee or in any similar position or a less-than-10% beneficial owner of another entity). The policy is administered by the Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee, which will consider relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether or not to approve or ratify such a transaction, and will approve or ratify only those transactions that are, in its judgment, appropriate or desirable under the circumstances. In the ordinary course of business, we may from time to time engage in transactions with other corporations or financial institutions whose officers or directors are also directors of Prudential Financial. In all cases, these transactions are conducted on an arm s-length basis. In addition, from time to time executive officers and directors of Prudential Financial may engage in transactions in the ordinary course of business involving services we offer, such as insurance and investment services, on terms similar to those extended to employees of Prudential Financial and its subsidiaries and affiliates generally. The Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee has determined that certain types of transactions do not create or involve a direct or indirect material interest, including (i) any sales of financial services or products to a related party in the ordinary course of business on terms and conditions generally available in the marketplace (or at ordinary employee discounts, if applicable) and in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) all business relationships between the Company and a 5% shareholder or a business affiliated with a director, director nominee or immediate family member of a director or director nominee made in the ordinary course of business on terms and conditions generally available in the marketplace and in accordance with applicable law. Pursuant to our policy, the Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee determined that one transaction qualifies as a disclosable related party transaction since the beginning of 2025: Michael F. Falzon, the brother of Robert M. Falzon, our former Vice Chairman, who retired in July 2025, is our Vice President and Business Technology Officer, Prudential Advisors. In 2025, the total compensation paid to Michael Falzon, including salary, bonus and the grant date value of long-term incentive awards, was less than $750,000. Michael Falzon s compensation was similar to the compensation of other employees holding equivalent positions. Policy on Shareholder Rights Plan We do not have a shareholder rights plan. The Board will obtain shareholder approval prior to adopting a future shareholder rights plan unless the Board, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, determines that under the circumstances then existing, it would be in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders to adopt a rights plan without prior shareholder approval. If a rights plan is adopted by the Board without prior shareholder approval, the plan must provide that it will expire within one year of adoption unless ratified by shareholders. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Political Contributions and Lobbying Expenditure Oversight and Disclosure The Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee reviews and approves an annual report on political activities, contributions and lobbying expenses. It monitors and evaluates the Company s ongoing political strategy as it relates to overall public policy objectives for the next year and provides guidance to the Board. We provide on our website a description of our oversight process for political contributions and a summary of Political Action Committee, or PAC, contributions. We also disclose semiannual information on dues, assessments and contributions of $10,000 or more to trade associations and tax-exempt advocacy groups and a summary of Company policies and procedures for political activity. This disclosure is available at www.prudential.com/governance under the heading Political Activity Contributions. The 2025 CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability ranked Prudential as a Trendsetter company, the highest distinction. This is the tenth consecutive year that Prudential has been recognized for its disclosure, accountability, and political spending oversight. Corporate Social Responsibility and Impact Investing Two independent Directors are currently members of Prudential s Corporate Social Responsibility Oversight Committee. This Committee oversees Prudential s corporate social responsibility work including philanthropy, corporate contributions, employee community engagement, market-facing inclusion efforts, and impact and responsible investing. Our 2025 metrics in these areas include: Making a Difference We drive meaningful, measurable societal impact by advancing economic and social mobility at scale. Through targeted investments and partnerships, we help strengthen and protect generational wealth, build more inclusive systems, and expand opportunity for individuals and communities around the world. Engagement with employees, shareholders, and social sector leaders amplifies this impact, enabling us to design, deliver, and scale solutions that matter. While our contributions are reflected in grants, investments, and volunteerism, our impact is ultimately rooted in Prudential s leadership and steadfast commitment to being a responsible, purpose-led company. 26 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS The Audit Committee of the Board has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PricewaterhouseCoopers or PwC ) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm ( independent auditor ) for 2026. We are not required to have the shareholders ratify the selection of PwC as our independent auditor, but we are doing so because we believe it is a matter of good corporate practice. If the shareholders do not ratify the selection, the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or not to retain PwC but may nevertheless retain it as the Company s independent auditor. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may change the appointment at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interest of Prudential Financial and its shareholders. Representatives of PwC are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting and will have the opportunity to make a statement and be available to respond to appropriate questions by shareholders. Fees Paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers The following is a summary and description of fees for services provided by PwC in 2025 and 2024. Worldwide Fees (in millions) Service 2025 2024 Audit (1) $57 $55 Audit-Related (2) $6 $6 Tax (3) $2 $3 All Other $0 $0 Total $65 $64 (1) The aggregate fees for professional services rendered for the integrated audit of the consolidated financial statements of Prudential Financial and, as required, audits of various domestic and international subsidiaries, the issuance of comfort letters, attest services required by regulation, consents and assistance with review of documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The increase of $2 million in audit fees from 2024 to 2025 reflects strategic initiatives undertaken by the Company. (2) The aggregate fees for assurance and related services, including internal control and financial compliance reports, attest services not required by regulation, assurance procedures over new accounting standards prior to the implementation year and accounting consultation on new accounting standards, acquisitions and potential financial reporting requirements. (3) The aggregate fees for services rendered for tax return preparation, tax advice related to mergers and acquisitions and other international, federal and state projects and requests for rulings. In 2025, tax compliance and preparation fees totaled approximately $1.6 million and tax advisory fees totaled approximately $0.4 million. In 2024, tax compliance and preparation fees totaled approximately $1.7 million and tax advisory fees totaled approximately $0.8 million. PwC also provides services to domestic and international investment vehicles, not consolidated by Prudential Financial, but which are managed by Prudential Financial. Fees for audit, audit-related, tax and all other services provided by PwC to these entities were $40 million in 2025 and $37 million in 2024. The $3M increase from 2024 is primarily driven by new audit and tax engagements stemming from acquisition activity along with other strategic initiatives of the Company. The Audit Committee has advised the Board of Directors that in its opinion the non-audit services rendered by PwC during the most recent fiscal year are compatible with PwC maintaining their independence. PwC has been the Company s independent auditor since it became a public company in 2001 and prior to that, from 1996. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 2 Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm In determining whether to reappoint PwC as Prudential Financial s independent auditor, the Audit Committee annually considers several factors, including: the firm s independence and objectivity; the firm s capability and expertise in handling the breadth and complexity of Prudential s global operations and risk profile, including the expertise and capability of the Lead Audit Partner; the length of time the firm has been engaged; the extent and quality of the firm s communications with the Audit Committee; the results of a management survey of PwC s overall performance, including quality of audit work and adherence to commitments; other data related to audit quality and performance, including recent Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) inspection reports; and the appropriateness of the firm s fees, both on an absolute basis and as compared with the Company s peers. In accordance with SEC rules, independent audit partners are subject to rotation requirements limiting their number of consecutive years of service to our Company to no more than five. As a result, in 2026, Prudential s Audit Committee will oversee a rigorous process of selecting a new Lead Audit Partner with PwC. PwC will provide a list of qualified potential lead audit partners. The candidates will be assessed based on their related experience and industry expertise. Senior management will interview candidates, and the Audit Committee Chair will meet with and interview the final candidate. The new Lead Audit Partner, who will be approved by the Audit Committee, will assume oversight of Prudential Financial s external audit effective for the 2027 audit. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures The Audit Committee has established a policy requiring its pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditor. The policy identifies the guiding principles that must be considered by the Audit Committee in approving services so that the independent auditor s independence is not impaired; describes the Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and All Other services that may be provided and the non-audit services that may not be performed; and sets forth the pre-approval requirements for all permitted services. The policy provides for the general pre-approval of specific types of Audit, Audit-Related and Tax services as well as a limited fee estimate range for such services on an annual basis. The policy requires specific pre-approval of all Other permitted services. The independent auditor is required to report periodically to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided in accordance with their pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date. The Audit Committee s policy delegates to its Chair the authority to address requests for pre-approval of services with fees up to a maximum of $250,000 between Audit Committee meetings if the Company s Chief Auditor and Principal Accounting Officer deem it reasonably necessary to begin the services before the next scheduled meeting of the Audit Committee. Any pre-approval decisions must be reported to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee may not delegate to management the Audit Committee s responsibility to pre-approve permitted services of the independent auditor. All Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and Other services described above were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with this policy. The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote FOR ratification of the appointment of PwC as the Company s Independent Auditor for 2026. 28 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 2 Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Report of the Audit Committee Four independent directors comprise the Audit Committee. The Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board. In addition, the Board has determined that all of the Audit Committee members, Ms. Hund-Mejean (the Audit Committee Chair) and Messrs. Di Sibio, Stoddard and Wolk satisfy the financial expertise requirements of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and that each of Ms. Hund-Mejean and Messrs. Di Sibio, Stoddard and Wolk have the requisite experience to be designated an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by rules of the SEC. Management is responsible for the preparation, presentation, and integrity of the financial statements of Prudential Financial and for maintaining appropriate accounting and financial reporting policies and practices, as well as internal controls and procedures designed to assure compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations. PwC is responsible for auditing the consolidated financial statements of Prudential Financial and expressing an opinion as to their conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, as well as expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the requirements of the PCAOB. In performing its oversight function, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited consolidated financial statements of Prudential Financial as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025, and Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting with management and Prudential Financial s independent auditor. The Audit Committee also discussed with Prudential Financial s independent auditor matters required under the rules adopted by the PCAOB and the SEC, including the independent auditor s communication of its Audit Report to the Audit Committee. This report includes critical audit matters, which are audit matters that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee relating to accounts or disclosures that are material to Prudential Financial s financial statements and that involved especially challenging, subjective or complex auditor judgment. The Audit Committee received from the independent auditor the written disclosures and letters required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent auditor s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and has discussed with the independent auditor its independence. The Audit Committee has discussed with and received regular status reports from Prudential Financial s Chief Auditor and independent auditor on the overall scope and plans for their audits of Prudential Financial, including their scope and plans for evaluating the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. In addition to private meetings with the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Actuary, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer, the Audit Committee meets with the Chief Auditor and the independent auditor, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their respective audits. In determining whether to reappoint PwC as Prudential Financial s independent auditor, the Audit Committee took into consideration a number of factors, including the firm s independence and objectivity, its capability and expertise in handling the breadth and complexity of Prudential s global operations and risk profile, the expertise and capability of the Lead Audit Partner, and the length of time the firm has been engaged. It also considered recent and historical performance, including the extent and quality of PwC s communications with the Audit Committee, results of a management survey of PwC s overall performance, including quality of audit work and adherence to commitments, and other data related to audit quality and performance, including recent PCAOB inspection reports on the firm, and the appropriateness of PwC s fees, both on an absolute basis and as compared with Prudential Financial s peers. Based on the reports and discussions described in this report and subject to the limitations on the roles and responsibilities of the Audit Committee referred to above and in its Charter, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited consolidated financial statements of Prudential Financial and Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting be included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 for filing with the SEC. Members of the Audit Committee NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board is committed to excellence in governance and recognizes our shareholders interest in our executive compensation program. As a part of that commitment, and in accordance with SEC rules, our shareholders are being asked to approve a nonbinding advisory resolution on the compensation of our named executive officers, as reported in this Proxy Statement. This proposal, commonly known as a Say on Pay proposal, gives shareholders the opportunity to endorse or not endorse our 2025 executive compensation program and policies for our named executive officers through the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the shareholders of Prudential approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers set forth in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table and the related compensation tables and narrative in this Proxy Statement. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather our overall compensation policies and practices relating to our named executive officers. Accordingly, your vote will not directly affect or otherwise limit any existing compensation or award arrangement of any of our named executive officers. Because your vote is advisory, it will not be binding upon the Board. The Board and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee will, however, as they have done in prior years, take into account the outcome of the Say on Pay vote when considering future compensation arrangements. At the 2023 Annual Meeting, shareholders approved, on an advisory basis, holding Say on Pay votes annually, and the Board has adopted a policy providing for annual Say on Pay votes. Accordingly, the next Say on Pay vote will occur in 2027. The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote FOR the advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation. 30 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS In accordance with SEC rules, we have set forth below a shareholder proposal, along with the supporting statement of the shareholder proponent. The Company is not responsible for any inaccuracies it may contain. As explained below, our Board unanimously recommends that you vote AGAINST the shareholder proposal. John Chevedden, 2215 Nelson Avenue, No. 205, Redondo Beach, California, 90278, beneficial owner of 80 shares of Common Stock, is the proponent of the following shareholder proposal. The proponent has advised us that a representative will present the proposal and related supporting statement at the Annual Meeting. Proposal 4 Independent Board Chairman Shareholders request that the Board of Directors adopt an enduring policy, and amend the governing documents as necessary in order that 2 separate people hold the office of the Chairman and the office of the CEO as soon as possible. The Chairman of the Board shall be an Independent Director. A Lead Director shall not be a substitute for an independent Board Chairman. The Board shall have the discretion to select an interim Chairman of the Board, who is not an Independent Director, to serve while the Board is required to seek an Independent Chairman of the Board on an accelerated basis. This policy could be phased in when there is a contract renewal for our current CEO or for the next CEO transition although it is better to adopt it now. An independent Board Chairman at all times improves corporate governance by bringing impartiality, objective oversight, and external expertise to board decisions, mitigating conflicts of interest, enhancing transparency, and boosting shareholder confidence. This detached perspective allows the chairman to focus on shareholder interests, strengthen management accountability, and provide critical checks and balances, ultimately contributing to long-term sustainability and credibility. This may be a particularly good time to consider the merits of this proposal. Prudential stock was at $127 in 2018 and fell to $99 by late 2025 despite a robust stock market. Prudential agreed to a $100 million settlement with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission in August 2025. Prudential was charged with misleading consumers into buying healthcare plans that did not provide the promised coverage. Prudential settled a multi-million dollar class-action lawsuit for a February 2024 data breach that affected 2.5 million customers. Customer Social Security numbers were exposed. Prudential reported a significant drop in net income in Q2 2025, which fell to $533 million from $1.2 billion in the same 2024 period. Revenue was off 16%. Prudential s stock price was down throughout 2025, including a year-to-date decline of 12% by mid-October. However one analysis suggested that Prudential may not be as cheap as it appeared, noting that its share price was relatively expensive compared to the U.S. insurance industry. There was also an increase in Prudential insider selling. Please vote yes: Independent Board Chairman Proposal 4 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 4 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING AN INDEPENDENT BOARD CHAIRMAN Board of Directors Statement in Opposition to the Proposal Your Board recommends a vote against this proposal because it believes that it is in the best interest of our shareholders for the Board to have flexibility to determine the most effective person to serve as Board Chair, whether that person is an independent director, executive chairman or CEO. Every year, the Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee reviews and makes a recommendation on the appropriate governance framework for Board leadership, including during a CEO transition. The Committee takes into consideration governance best practices, the facts and circumstances of our Board and feedback that we receive from our shareholders. Specifically, our Board proactively asks for feedback from our shareholders. In 2025, Directors, as well as the Company s Chief Governance Officer, engaged with investors regarding many issues, including our Board leadership structure. This feedback was presented to the Board. Many of our shareholders expressed the opinion that there is no one size fits all solution and that the Board s fiduciary responsibility is best fulfilled by retaining the flexibility to choose the most effective leadership structure for the particular set of facts facing the Company at any point in time. Since 2017, Mr. Chevedden has submitted this proposal seven times and a majority of our shareholders voted against such proposals that would mandate the Company s leadership structure and eliminate Board discretion. The Board believes a clearly defined and significant Lead Independent Director role, active and strong independent committee chairs, and independent-minded, engaged, and committed directors with diverse skills optimally serves the best interests of Prudential s shareholders. The Board s current structure and governance policies allow it to provide effective oversight of management. Our Lead Independent Director is elected annually by independent directors of the Board to serve a term of no longer than five years. In addition, the Lead Independent Director has significant responsibilities that are described in detail in this Proxy Statement, including approval of all Board agendas and information sent to the Board, shareholder engagement, oversight of the annual Board evaluation process by an independent third party, Board refreshment and succession planning, and guiding the Board s overall governance processes. We refer you to the Lead Independent Director s letter, which is contained in this Proxy Statement, as well as the Lead Independent Director Charter at www.prudential.com/governance . The skills, experience, dedication, and time commitment of our Lead Independent Director, all make him well-qualified to serve in this role. Therefore, Your Board Recommends That You Vote AGAINST This Proposal. 32 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Beneficial Ownership Based on a review of filings with the SEC, the Company has determined that the following persons hold more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 347,943,691 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2025. To our knowledge, except as noted below, no person or entity is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our Common Stock. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature Percent of Class BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 32,541,140 (1) 9.0% The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Boulevard Malvern, PA 19355 42,287,607 (2) 11.71% (1) Based on Blackrock s most recent Schedule 13G/A filing with the SEC. The filing indicates that BlackRock has sole dispositive power with respect to all of the shares, sole voting power with respect to 29,720,372 of the shares, and shared dispositive and voting power with respect to none of the shares. (2) Based on Vanguard s most recent Schedule 13G/A filing with the SEC. The filing indicates that Vanguard has sole dispositive power with respect to 40,683,313 of the shares, shared dispositive power with respect to 1,604,294 of the shares, sole voting power with respect to none of the shares, and shared voting power with respect to 464,542 of the shares. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 13, 2026, by: each Director Nominee and Named Executive Officer, and all Directors and Executive Officers of Prudential Financial as a group. Name of Beneficial Owner Common Stock Number of shares Subject to Exercisable Options Total Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) Director Deferred Stock Units / Additional Underlying Units (2)(3)(4) Total Shares Beneficially Owned Plus Underlying Units Gilbert F. Casellas 500 500 43,978 44,478 Carmine Di Sibio 200 200 3,108 3,308 Martina Hund-Mejean 128 128 42,489 42,617 Wendy E. Jones 1,000 1,000 11,246 12,246 Maryann T. Mannen (5) 0 0 0 0 Sandra Pianalto 451 451 24,619 25,070 Christine A. Poon 11,583 11,583 19,119 30,702 Thomas D. Stoddard 250 250 1,713 1,963 Michael A.Todman 375 375 25,250 25,625 Joseph J. Wolk 400 400 1,755 2,155 Andrew F. Sullivan 50,672 6,956 57,628 221,754 279,382 Charles F. Lowrey (6) 219,589 67,691 287,280 244,921 532,201 Robert M. Falzon 89,829 89,829 188,459 278,288 Caroline A. Feeney (7) 78,385 78,385 140,473 218,858 Scott E. Case 1,766 1,766 65,655 67,421 Jacques P. Chappuis 1,000 1,000 161,858 162,858 Yanela C. Frias 22,798 3,942 26,740 100,312 127,052 All directors and executive officers as a group (16 persons) 153,502 35,755 189,257 887,873 1,077,130 (1) Individual directors and executive officers as well as all directors and executive officers as a group beneficially own less than 1% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding, as of March 13, 2026. (2) Includes the following number of shares or share equivalents in deferred units through the Deferred Compensation Plan for Nonemployee Directors and the Prudential Insurance Company of America Deferred Compensation Plan, as to which no voting or investment power exists: Mr. Casellas, 43,978; Mr. Di Sibio, 3,108; Ms. Hund-Mejean, 42,489; Ms. Jones 11,246; Ms. Pianalto, 24,619; Ms. Poon, 19,119; Mr. Stoddard 1,713; Mr. Todman 25,250; Mr. Wolk 1,755 and Mr. Sullivan 12,111. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Voting Securities and Principal Holders (3) Includes the following shares representing the target number of shares to be received upon the attainment of certain Company goals under the performance shares program described under Compensation Discussion and Analysis : Mr. Sullivan 165,958; Mr. Lowrey 208,125; Mr. Falzon 161,449; Ms. Feeney 112,946; Mr. Case 51,279; Mr. Chappuis 112,020; and Ms. Frias 77,967. (4) Includes the following unvested restricted stock units: Mr. Sullivan 43,685; Mr. Lowrey 36,796; Mr. Falzon 27,010; Ms. Feeney 27,527; Mr. Case 14,376; Mr. Chappuis 49,838; and Ms. Frias 22,345. (5) Maryann Mannen is a Director nominee who does not currently serve on our Board of Directors. (6) Charles Lowrey resigned as Executive Chairman and Director on March 10, 2026 and will remain with the Company as Senior Advisor until June 30, 2026. (7) Caroline Feeney will be leaving the Company in connection with an internal reorganization pursuant to which her position was eliminated. Ms. Feeney was Executive Vice President, Head of Global Retirement and Insurance Businesses until February 2, 2026, and is currently expected to remain employed with the Company until October 31, 2026. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Each Director and executive officer of the Company and any greater than 10% beneficial owner of Common Stock is required to report to the SEC, by a specified date, his or her transactions involving our Common Stock. Based solely on a review of the copies of reports furnished to us and related written representations, we believe that for transactions during 2025 all reports required by Section 16(a) were timely filed with the following exceptions: one report for Douglas Scovanner, our former director, was delinquent due to an administrative oversight reporting the acquisition of shares pursuant to the Company s deferred compensation plan for non-employee directors; one report for Caroline Feeney, our former Executive Vice President, Head of Global Retirement and Insurance Businesses, was delinquent due to an administrative oversight reporting three inadvertent purchases of shares of common stock through reinvested dividends; and one report for Robert Boyle, Senior Vice President, was delinquent due to an administrative oversight reporting the vesting of restricted stock during the Labor Day holiday weekend. 34 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS The Corporate Governance and Business Ethics Committee reviews the compensation of our nonemployee directors periodically (generally every three years) and recommends changes to the Board when it deems appropriate. The following table describes the components of the nonemployee Directors compensation for 2025: Compensation Element Director Compensation Program Annual Cash Retainer $150,000, which may be deferred, at the director s option Annual Equity Retainer $180,000 in restricted stock units that vest after one year (or, if earlier, on the date of the next Annual Meeting) Board and Committee Fees None Committee Chairs $40,000 for the Audit Committee $35,000 for the Compensation and Human Capital Committee $25,000 for all other committees (1) Lead Independent Director $60,000 Members of the Company s Corporate Social Responsibility Oversight Committee (2) $1,250 per meeting (compensation contingent on meeting attendance) New Director Equity Award (one-time grant) $180,000 in restricted stock units that vest after one year Stock Ownership Guideline Ownership of Common Stock or deferred stock units that have a value equivalent to six times the annual cash retainer to be satisfied within six years of joining the Board (3) (1) Includes other standing committees and any non-standing committee of the Board that may be established from time to time but excludes the Executive Committee. (2) This is a committee comprising members of management and the Board. This committee typically meets following the Board and Board committee meetings. The nonemployee Directors on this committee currently consist of Mr. Casellas and Ms. Pianalto. The Corporate Social Responsibility Oversight Committee met three times in 2025. (3) As of December 31, 2025, each of our nonemployee Directors satisfied this guideline, with the exception of Mr. Di Sibio, who joined the Board in July 2024, Mr. Stoddard, who joined the Board in June 2025, and Mr. Wolk, who joined the Board in September 2025. Messrs. Di Sibio, Stoddard and Wolk have six years from the date they joined the Board to fulfill the stock ownership requirement. For purposes of the stock ownership guideline, once a nonemployee Director satisfies his or her stock ownership level, the Director will be deemed to continue to satisfy the guideline without regard to fluctuation in the value of the Common Stock owned by the Director. We maintain a Deferred Compensation Plan for Nonemployee Directors (the Plan ). Since 2025, 55% of the annual Board retainer has been awarded in restricted stock units that vest after one year (or if earlier, on the date of the next Annual Meeting). A nonemployee Director can elect to invest any cash or vested equity in accounts under the Plan that replicate investments in either shares of our Common Stock or, in accordance with the Plan s terms, a notional investment equivalent of any money market fund option offered under the Prudential Employee Savings Plan ( PESP ). As elected by the Director, the Plan provides for distributions to commence upon or following termination of Board service or while a Director remains on the Board. Each Director receives dividend equivalents on the restricted stock units contained in his or her deferral account under the Plan, which are equal in value to the dividends paid on our Common Stock. The dividend equivalents credited to the account are then reinvested in the form of additional stock units. Under our director compensation program, if a nonemployee Director satisfies the stock ownership guideline, the restricted stock units granted as the annual equity retainer are payable upon vesting in cash or shares of our Common Stock (at the director s option) and may be deferred beyond vesting at the Director s election. If a Director does not satisfy the stock ownership guideline, the restricted stock units are automatically deferred until termination of Board service. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation of Directors 2025 Director Compensation Table Fees Earned or Paid in All Other Compensation ($) (2) Total ($) Name Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Gilbert F. Casellas $178,750 $180,000 $3,500 $362,250 Carmine Di Sibio $150,000 $180,000 $330,000 Martina Hund-Mejean $190,000 $180,000 $5,000 $375,000 Wendy E. Jones $150,000 $180,000 $330,000 Kathleen A. Murphy (3) $55,220 $0 $55,220 Sandra Pianalto $169,547 $180,000 $5,000 $354,547 Christine A. Poon $175,000 $180,000 $355,000 Douglas A. Scovanner (3) $64,423 $0 $64,423 Thomas D. Stoddard (4) $75,000 $180,000 $255,000 Michael A. Todman $245,000 $180,000 $425,000 Joseph J. Wolk (5) $37,500 $180,000 $217,500 (1) Represents amounts that are in units of our Common Stock. The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted stock units granted during the fiscal year, as calculated under the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 ( ASC Topic 718 ). Under ASC Topic 718, the grant date fair value is calculated using the closing market price of our Common Stock on the date of grant, which is then recognized, subject to market value changes, over the requisite service period of the award. The aggregate balance in each of the nonemployee Directors accounts in the Deferred Compensation Plan denominated in units (which includes all deferrals from prior years and earned units deferred in 2025) and their value as of December 31, 2025 were as follows: Mr. Casellas: 43,978 and $4,964,237 ; Mr. Di Sibio: 3,108 and $350,831; Ms. Hund-Mejean: 42,489 and $4,796,158; Ms. Jones: 11,246 and $1,269,448; Ms. Pianalto: 24,619 and $2,778,993; Ms. Poon: 19,119 and $2,158,153; Mr. Stoddard: 1,713 and $193,363; Mr. Todman: 25,250 and $2,850,220; and Mr. Wolk: 1,755 and $198,104. (2) Amounts represent matching charitable contributions. (3) Ms. Murphy and Mr. Scovanner left the Board on May 13, 2025. (4) Mr. Stoddard received a grant of restricted stock units valued at $180,000 upon joining the Board in June 2025. (5) Mr. Wolk received a grant of restricted stock units valued at $180,000 upon joining the Board in September 2025. 36 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS In this section, we describe the material components of our executive compensation program for our NEOs, whose compensation is set forth in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table and other compensation tables contained in this Proxy Statement. We also provide an overview of our executive compensation philosophy and our executive compensation program. In addition, we explain how and why the Compensation and Human Capital C