=== PRU_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. 40 Table of Contents Executive Summary Company Overview Our operations are primarily in the United States of America ( U.S. ), Asia, Europe and Latin America. Through our subsidiaries and affiliates, we offer a wide array of financial products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement solutions, mutual funds and investment management. We offer these products and services to individual and institutional customers through one of the largest distribution networks in the financial services industry. Our principal operations consist of PGIM (our global investment management business), our U.S. Businesses (consisting of our Retirement Strategies, Group Insurance and Individual Life businesses), our International Businesses, the Closed Block division, and our Corporate and Other operations. The Closed Block division is accounted for as a divested business that is reported separately from the Divested and Run-off Businesses that are included in Corporate and Other. Divested and Run-off Businesses are composed of businesses that have been, or will be, sold or exited, including businesses that have been placed in wind-down status that do not qualify for discontinued operations accounting treatment under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). Our Corporate and Other operations include corporate items and initiatives that are not allocated to business segments as well as the Divested and Run-off Businesses described above. See Business for a description of our sources of revenue and details on how our profitability is impacted. In addition, our profitability is impacted by our ability to effectively deploy capital, utilize our tax capacity and manage expenses. Effective in the first quarter of 2025, consistent with changes to the Company s internal management structure, our International Businesses are reflected as a single operating and reportable segment, which is how the chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) now assesses its performance and allocates resources. Prior to the first quarter of 2025, our International Businesses consisted of the Life Planner and Gibraltar Life and Other operating segments, each of which was a reportable segment under U.S. GAAP. The change has been applied retrospectively and did not have any impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein or to any previously issued financial statements. Management expects that results will continue to benefit from our mutually-reinforcing business system, which includes a mix of businesses that complement each other to provide competitive advantages, earnings diversification and capital benefits from a balanced risk profile. We believe we are well-positioned to tap into market opportunities to meet the evolving needs of our clients and society at large. Our mix of high-quality protection, retirement and investment management businesses enables us to offer solutions that cover a broad range of financial needs and to engage with our clients through multiple channels. In September 2023, we, together with Warburg Pincus and a group of institutional investors, launched Prismic Life Reinsurance, Ltd. ( Prismic Re ), a licensed Bermuda-based life and annuity reinsurance company. Through our Corporate and Other operations, we own an approximate 20% equity interest in Prismic Life Holding Company LP ( Prismic ), the Bermuda-exempted limited partnership that owns all of the outstanding capital stock of Prismic Re and Prismic Life Reinsurance International, Ltd. ( Prismic Re International ). We expect the increased reinsurance capacity that this partnership provides to support our vision of expanding access to investing, insurance, and retirement security for people around the world. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our transactions with Prismic Re and Prismic Re International. As part of our continuous improvement process, we are working to become a leaner and more agile company by simplifying our management structure, empowering our employees with faster decision-making processes and investing in technology and data platforms. As part of this, we recorded charges of $135 million in the fourth quarter of 2025 and $200 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. These charges, primarily related to our domestic operations and PGIM, were recorded within our Corporate and Other operations and reflect management s ongoing efforts in evaluating the optimal workforce structure required to deliver on our long-term growth strategy. We expect these continued actions will create operating efficiencies, and provide reinvestment capacity to build capabilities, realize additional efficiencies, strengthen our competitiveness and fuel future growth. In February 2026, in conjunction with our previously announced internal investigation into employee misconduct in Japan, we voluntarily suspended new sales activity at Prudential of Japan for a 90-day period, commencing February 9, 2026. See Litigation and Regulatory Matters Regulatory within Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Results of Operations by Segment International Businesses below for additional information. 41 Table of Contents Business Outlook We feel confident about our prospects for the future based on the foundation of our integrated and complementary businesses. We are focused on evolving our strategy to transform our market-leading businesses to become a higher growth, more capital efficient company. We plan to continue investing in growth businesses and markets around the world, delivering industry-leading customer and client experiences, and creating the next generation of financial solutions. The businesses drive our company s performance, value and growth, and are organized around the markets we serve with solutions in investing, insurance, and retirement security. Specific outlook considerations for each of our businesses include the following: PGIM. Our global investment management business, PGIM, is focused on maintaining strong investment performance while leveraging the scale of its approximately $1.466 trillion of assets under management and diversified global operations. We are currently centralizing our distribution channels and unifying our asset management capabilities to better serve our clients and support sustainable growth. In addition, we remain focused on broadening our market share through acquisitions and organic initiatives, including providing asset management services to third-party reinsurers. In addition to serving third-party institutional and retail clients, we provide our U.S. and International businesses with a competitive advantage through our investment expertise across a broad array of asset classes, including public and private asset class capabilities. Underpinning our growth strategy is our ability to continue to deliver robust investment performance and to attract and retain high-caliber investment talent. Retirement Strategies. We remain focused on helping customers meet their investment and retirement needs by expanding access to retirement security and broadening distribution through new relationships, platforms and advisors. Our Institutional Retirement Strategies business continues to be focused on providing products that respond to the needs of plan sponsors, retirees, and annuitants while maintaining appropriate pricing and return expectations under changing market conditions. We expect our differentiated capabilities and execution to drive our business momentum in the pension risk transfer and international reinsurance markets; however, we expect that growth will not be linear due to the episodic nature of these transactions. In Individual Retirement Strategies, we continue to execute on our strategic pivot of replacing the intentional run-off of legacy variable annuities with new indexed and fixed annuity products that generate less volatile, and more capital efficient earnings. We continue to focus on expanding our diverse product portfolio and distribution channels to meet more of the growing demand among retail investors for protected growth and lifetime income. Group Insurance. We are a leading group benefits provider with a focus on further diversifying our portfolio by expanding our Premier Market and Association segments and growing voluntary supplemental health, including entering the medical stop loss market with coverage effective dates starting from January 1, 2025, while maintaining leadership in the National Market segment. We also continue to focus on deepening employer and participant relationships and investing in a best-in-class customer experience. Individual Life. We continue to focus on making life insurance solutions more accessible to financial professionals, partners and customers by providing a broad product portfolio, including growing the amount of accumulation and simplified protection product options, coupled with our multi-channel distribution capabilities. We have taken pricing and product actions to ensure we realize appropriate returns for the current economic environment and to diversify our product mix to further limit our sensitivity to interest rates. International Businesses. We remain focused on meeting customers evolving protection, retirement, and savings needs as well as maintaining the underlying strength of our distribution channels. Our strategy is to strengthen our position in Japan and we remain committed to optimizing our existing operations. External and Economic Factors Industry Trends Our businesses are impacted by financial markets, economic conditions, regulatory oversight, and a variety of trends that affect the industries in which we compete. 42 Table of Contents Financial and Economic Environment: PGIM. After a period of significantly increased interest rates and volatile economic conditions in 2022 and 2023, we experienced a modest decline in rates during 2024 and 2025, combined with improved equity market conditions and a slight rebound in the commercial real estate industry. While the economic outlook has improved, interest rate movements remain uncertain and the real estate market is in a modest recovery. We expect that a stabilized or declining rate environment over time will positively impact PGIM, particularly as investors reallocate record-high money market assets to fixed income, real estate, and other higher-yielding asset classes. Conversely, a deterioration in market conditions (e.g., equity market declines, higher interest rates, credit spread widening or real estate value declines) could lead to lower fee-based revenues, incentive fees taking longer to be realized and losses in our seed and co-investments. An economic downturn could also have impacts on real estate prices as well as transaction volumes in certain private asset classes. In addition, the continued shift from active strategies to passive index products, particularly in equities, could present additional headwinds for active managers such as PGIM. We believe PGIM s uniquely diversified global platform is well positioned to be resilient in the face of market and industry headwinds. U.S. Businesses. Through 2021, interest rates in the U.S. had experienced a prolonged period of historically low levels. This was followed by significant increases in 2022 through 2023. While there have been modest declines in 2024 and 2025, rates have sustained higher levels relative to historical periods. We expect that a continued level of relative higher interest rates will benefit our results over time. We continue to monitor current market conditions and the potential impact to our businesses in the event of slowing or negative economic growth. In addition, we are subject to financial impacts associated with movements in equity markets and the evolution of the credit cycle as discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. International Businesses. Interest rates in Japan experienced a prolonged period of historically low levels, negatively impacting our net investment spread results and reinvestment yields; however, beginning in 2024, the Bank of Japan began raising its key short-term interest rates, marking their highest levels since September 1995. We expect that a continued level of higher interest rates will benefit our results over time. In addition, we are subject to financial impacts associated with movements in foreign currency rates, particularly the Japanese yen. Fluctuations in the value of the yen can impact the relative attractiveness to customers of both yen-denominated and non-yen denominated products thereby impacting both sales and surrenders. In addition, we are subject to financial impacts associated with movements in equity markets and the evolution of the credit cycle as discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Brazil s life insurance industry is supported by a stable economic outlook and its long-term growth prospects remain strong as economic conditions show sustained growth. Demographics: PGIM. An aging global population has led to more de-risking across institutional and individual investor portfolios as well as increased demand for higher-yielding investments that deliver income to meet retirement needs. As a result, investors are increasing their allocations to public and private fixed income assets, where PGIM is a global market leader. As employers, particularly in the U.S. and the U.K., continue to transition from defined benefit pensions to defined contribution plans as their primary retirement vehicles, there is a growing need for personalized retirement solutions that can help improve individual retirement security. Asset managers, such as PGIM, will play a critical role in partnering with governments, corporations, and individuals globally to deliver the investment and advice capabilities required to address this challenge. U.S. Businesses. Individual customer demographics continue to evolve and new opportunities present themselves in different consumer segments such as the millennial and multicultural markets. Consumer expectations and preferences are changing. We believe existing and potential customers are increasingly looking for cost-effective solutions that they can easily understand and access through technology-enabled devices. At the same time, income protection, wealth accumulation and the needs of retiring baby boomers are continuing to shape the insurance industry. A persistent retirement security gap exists in terms of both savings and protection. International Businesses. Japan has an aging population as well as a large pool of household assets invested in low-yielding deposit and savings vehicles. The aging of Japan s population, along with strains on government pension and healthcare programs, have led to a growing demand for products that provide financial solutions for retirement, investment and wealth transfer, as well as for health-related products. Brazil, the largest country by population in South 43 Table of Contents America, is experiencing rising life expectancy and an expanding middle class, along with increasing disposable income and greater financial awareness. These trends drive demand for life insurance products that prioritize financial security, wealth preservation, and retirement planning, and underscore the need for diversified solutions, including protection-oriented, savings, and health related policies. Regulatory Environment . See Business Regulation for a discussion of regulatory developments that may impact the Company and the associated risks. Competitive Environment . See Business for a discussion of the competitive environment and the basis on which we compete in each of our segments. Impact of Changes in the Interest Rate Environment As a global financial services company, market interest rates are a key driver of our liquidity and capital positions, cash flows, results of operations and financial position. Changes in interest rates can affect these in several ways, including favorable or adverse impacts to: investment-related activity, including: investment income returns, net investment spread results, new money rates, mortgage loan prepayments and bond redemptions; the valuation of fixed income investments and derivative instruments; collateral posting requirements, hedging costs and other risk mitigation activities; customer account values and assets under management, including their impacts on fee-related income; insurance reserve levels, including market risk benefits ( MRBs ), and market experience true-ups; policyholder behavior, including surrender or withdrawal activity; product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix; and the fair value of, and possible impairments on, intangible assets such as goodwill. In order to manage the impacts that changes in interest rates have on our net investment spread, we employ a proactive asset/liability management program, which includes strategic asset allocation and hedging strategies within a disciplined risk management framework. These strategies seek to match the liability characteristics of our products and to closely approximate the interest rate sensitivity of assets with that of product liabilities. We also manage duration gaps, currency and other risks between assets and liabilities through the use of derivatives, and adjust these strategies as products, customer behavior, and market conditions evolve. Our interest rate exposure is also mitigated by our business mix, which includes lines of business where fee-based and insurance underwriting earnings play a more prominent role in product profitability. We also regularly examine our product offerings and may reprice or discontinue sales of certain products that do not meet our profit expectations. Additionally, in our Japanese operations, our diverse product portfolio in terms of currency mix and premium payment structure allows us to further manage any impacts from changes in the interest rate environment. For additional information regarding sales within our Japanese operations, see International Businesses Sales Results, below. For additional information regarding interest rate risks, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Market Risk and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Foreign currency exchange rate movements and related hedging strategies As a U.S.-based company with significant business operations outside the U.S., particularly in Japan, we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate movements that could impact our United States dollar ( USD )-equivalent shareholder return on equity. We seek to mitigate this impact through various hedging strategies, including holding USD-denominated assets in certain of our foreign subsidiaries. In order to reduce equity volatility from foreign currency exchange rate movements, we primarily utilize a yen hedging strategy that calibrates the hedge level to preserve the relative contribution of our yen-based business to the Company s overall return on equity on a leverage neutral basis. We implement this hedging strategy utilizing a variety of instruments, including USD-denominated assets and dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments held locally in our Japanese insurance subsidiaries. The total hedge level may vary based on our periodic assessment of the relative contribution of our yen-based business to the Company s overall return on equity. 44 Table of Contents The table below presents the aggregate amount of instruments that serve to hedge the impact of foreign currency exchange movements on our USD-equivalent shareholder return on equity from our Japanese insurance subsidiaries as of the dates indicated. December 31, 2025 2024 (in billions) Foreign currency hedging instruments: USD-denominated assets associated with yen-based entities(1) $ 7.5 $ 6.1 Dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments(2) 0.3 0.3 Total foreign currency hedges $ 7.8 $ 6.4 __________ (1) Includes USD-denominated fixed maturities at amortized cost plus any related accrued investment income, as well as USD notional amount of foreign currency derivative contracts outstanding. Note this amount represents only those USD assets serving to hedge the impact of foreign currency volatility on equity. Separate from this program, our Japanese operations also have $90.0 billion and $83.2 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, of USD-denominated assets supporting USD-denominated liabilities related to USD-denominated products. (2) Dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments are held by our yen-based entities in the form of fixed maturities and loans with a yen-denominated principal component and USD-denominated interest income. The amounts shown represent the present value of future USD-denominated cash flows. The USD-denominated investments that hedge the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on USD-equivalent shareholder return on equity from our Japanese insurance operations are reported within yen-based entities and, as a result, foreign currency exchange rate movements will impact their value reported within our yen-based Japanese insurance entities. We seek to mitigate the risk that future unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate movements will decrease the value of these USD-denominated investments reported within our yen-based Japanese insurance entities, and therefore negatively impact their equity and regulatory solvency margins, by having our Japanese insurance operations enter into currency hedging transactions with a subsidiary of Prudential Financial. These hedging strategies have the economic effect of moving the change in value of these USD-denominated investments due to foreign currency exchange rate movements from our Japanese yen-based entities to our USD-based entities. These USD-denominated investments also pay a coupon which is generally higher than what a similar yen-denominated investment would pay. The incremental impact of this higher yield on our USD-denominated investments, as well as our dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments, will vary over time, and is dependent on the duration of the underlying investments as well as interest rate environments in both the U.S. and Japan at the time of the investments. Impact of intercompany foreign currency exchange rate arrangements on segment results of operations The financial results of our International Businesses and PGIM reflect the impact of intercompany arrangements with our Corporate and Other operations pursuant to which these segments non-USD-denominated earnings are translated at fixed currency exchange rates that are predetermined during the third quarter of the prior year using forward currency exchange rates. Results of our Corporate and Other operations include differences between the translation adjustments recorded by the segments at the fixed currency exchange rate versus the actual average rate during the period. In addition, specific to our International Businesses where we hedge certain currencies utilizing forward currency contracts with third parties, the results of our Corporate and Other operations also include the impact of any gains or losses recorded from these contracts that settled during the period, which include the impact of any over or under hedging of actual earnings that differ from projected earnings. The table below presents, for the periods indicated, the increase (decrease) to revenues and adjusted operating income for our International Businesses, PGIM and Corporate and Other operations, reflecting the impact of these intercompany arrangements. 45 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Segment impacts of intercompany arrangements: International Businesses $ (16) $ (8) $ (28) PGIM (2) 3 1 Impact of intercompany arrangements(1) (18) (5) (27) Corporate and Other: Impact of intercompany arrangements(1) 18 5 27 Settlement gains (losses) on forward currency contracts(2) (11) (11) (31) Net benefit (detriment) to Corporate and Other 7 (6) (4) Net impact on consolidated revenues and adjusted operating income $ (11) $ (11) $ (31) __________ (1) Represents the difference between non-USD-denominated earnings translated on the basis of weighted average monthly currency exchange rates versus fixed currency exchange rates determined in connection with the foreign currency income hedging program. (2) The total notional amount of these forward currency contracts within our Corporate and Other operations was $0.8 billion as of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. Impact of products denominated in non-local currencies on U.S. GAAP earnings While our international insurance operations offer products denominated in local currency, several also offer products denominated in non-local currencies. This is most notable in our Japanese operations, which currently offer primarily USD-denominated products, but have also historically offered Australian dollar ( AUD )-denominated products. The non-local currency-denominated insurance liabilities related to these products are supported by investments denominated in corresponding currencies, including a significant portion designated as available-for-sale. While the impact from foreign currency exchange rate movements on these non-local currency-denominated assets and liabilities is economically matched, differences in the accounting for changes in the value of these assets and liabilities due to changes in foreign currency exchange rate movements have historically resulted in volatility in U.S. GAAP earnings. As a result, we implemented a structure in certain of our Japanese operations that disaggregated the USD- and AUD-denominated businesses into separate divisions, each with its own functional currency that aligns with the underlying products and investments. The result of this alignment was to reduce differences in the accounting for changes in the value of these assets and liabilities that arise due to changes in foreign currency exchange rate movements. For the USD- and AUD-denominated assets that were transferred under this structure, the net cumulative unrealized investment gains associated with foreign exchange remeasurement that were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( AOCI ) totaled $1.0 billion and $1.1 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and will be recognized in earnings within Realized investment gains (losses), net over time as these assets mature or are sold. Absent the sale of any of these assets prior to their stated maturity, approximately 5% of the $1.0 billion balance as of December 31, 2025 will be recognized in 2026, approximately 3% will be recognized in 2027, and the remaining balance will be recognized from 2028 through 2051. Highly inflationary economy Enterprise Group, our strategic investment in Ghana, has historically utilized the Ghanaian cedi as its functional currency given it is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. In the fourth quarter of 2023, Ghana experienced a cumulative inflation rate that exceeded 100% over a 3-year period. As a result, Ghana s economy was deemed to be highly inflationary, resulting in reporting changes effective January 1, 2024. Under U.S. GAAP, the financial statements of a foreign entity in a highly inflationary economy are to be remeasured as if its functional currency (formerly the Ghanaian cedi) is the reporting currency of its parent reporting entity (the USD) on a prospective basis. While this changed how the results of Enterprise Group were remeasured and/or translated into USD, the impact to our financial statements was not material nor is it expected to have a material impact to our financial statements in future periods given the relative size of the investment. 46 Table of Contents Results of Operations Consolidated Results of Operations The following section provides a comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations on a U.S. GAAP basis for the periods indicated. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) REVENUES Premiums $ 30,797 $ 42,897 $ 27,364 Policy charges and fee income 4,666 4,298 4,527 Net investment income 21,473 19,909 17,865 Asset management and service fees 4,019 4,090 3,717 Other income (loss) 4,426 3,037 4,065 Realized investment gains (losses), net (4,132) (3,429) (3,615) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses) (475) (397) 56 Total revenues 60,774 70,405 53,979 BENEFITS AND EXPENSES Policyholders benefits 35,224 47,119 30,931 Change in estimates of liability for future policy benefits 103 (37) 337 Interest credited to policyholders account balances 5,068 4,582 3,983 Dividends to policyholders 1,076 698 1,069 Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 1,635 1,492 1,459 Goodwill impairment 0 0 177 General and administrative expenses 13,012 13,342 12,951 Total benefits and expenses 56,118 67,196 50,907 INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF JOINT VENTURES AND OTHER OPERATING ENTITIES 4,656 3,209 3,072 Total income tax expense (benefit) 1,053 507 613 INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF JOINT VENTURES AND OTHER OPERATING ENTITIES 3,603 2,702 2,459 Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities, net of taxes 129 144 49 NET INCOME (LOSS) 3,732 2,846 2,508 Less: Income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests 156 119 20 NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. $ 3,576 $ 2,727 $ 2,488 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison Net income (loss) attributable to Prudential Financial, Inc. increased $849 million, inclusive of a $546 million unfavorable variance from income taxes, primarily driven by the increase in pre-tax earnings, as described below, and the impact of certain tax law and rate changes in the current year. See Income Taxes for additional information. On a pre-tax basis, Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities increased $1,447 million, reflecting the following notable items: Total revenues decreased $9,631 million, primarily due to the following: Premiums $12,100 million unfavorable variance, primarily reflecting lower pension risk transfer premiums due to lower sales in the current year, with corresponding offsets in Policyholders benefits, as discussed below; and Realized investment gains (losses), net $703 million unfavorable variance, primarily reflecting unfavorable derivative results, excluding Funds Withheld portfolios, as well as unfavorable impacts from Funds Withheld related embedded derivatives, which are offset by changes in the value of the investments in these portfolios that are primarily recorded in Other income (loss) or through Other comprehensive income. These variances were partially offset by lower losses from the sales of fixed income securities, and less unfavorable impacts from net credit 47 Table of Contents losses and impairments. See General Account Investments Realized Investment Gains and Losses for additional information. These variances were partially offset by: Net investment income $1,564 million favorable variance, primarily reflecting business growth and higher reinvestment rates. See General Account Investments Investment Results for additional information; and Other income (loss) $1,389 million favorable variance, primarily reflecting favorable changes in the market value of fixed income securities designated as trading, including those within our Funds Withheld portfolios, as discussed above. Total benefits and expenses decreased $11,078 million, primarily due to the following: Policyholders benefits $11,895 million favorable variance, primarily reflecting lower pension risk transfer premiums, as discussed above; and General and administrative expenses $330 million favorable variance, net of deferrals, primarily reflecting lower operating expenses, partially offset by higher variable expenses supporting business growth. These variances were partially offset by: Interest credited to policyholders account balances $486 million unfavorable variance, primarily reflecting business growth. Segment Results of Operations We analyze the performance of our segments and Corporate and Other operations using a measure of segment profitability called adjusted operating income. See Segment Measures below for a discussion of adjusted operating income and its use as a measure of segment operating performance. Annual Reviews and Update of Assumptions and Other Refinements During the second quarter of each year, we perform an annual comprehensive review of the assumptions used for estimating future premiums, benefits, and other cash flows, including reviews related to mortality, morbidity, lapse, surrender, and other contractholder behavior assumptions, and economic assumptions, including expected future rates of returns on investments. The Company generally looks to relevant Company experience as the primary basis for these assumptions; however, if relevant Company experience is not available or does not have sufficient credibility, the Company may look to experience of similar blocks of business, either elsewhere within the Company or within the industry. As part of this review, we may update these assumptions and make refinements to our models based upon emerging experience, future expectations and other data, including any observable market data we feel is indicative of a long-term trend. These assumptions are generally reviewed annually unless a material change in our own experience or in industry experience made available to us is observed in an interim period that we feel is also indicative of a long-term trend. Generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the short-term and, to the extent these trends may change, we expect such changes to be gradual over the long-term. The impact on our results of operations of changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time. Shown below are the impacts on our adjusted operating income from updates of actuarial assumptions and other refinements as discussed above. The information below is presented by each segment and Corporate and Other operations and includes a reconciliation of these impacts to the impacts within income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities. 48 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Favorable (unfavorable) impact to adjusted operating income before income taxes by segment: U.S. Businesses: Retirement Strategies $ (113) $ 140 $ 6 Group Insurance 11 25 36 Individual Life 58 (98) (26) Total U.S. Businesses (44) 67 16 International Businesses (2) (55) 13 Corporate and Other 0 (6) (2) Total segment favorable (unfavorable) impact to adjusted operating income before income taxes (46) 6 27 Reconciling items: Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments 146 831 (66) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses) (263) (88) (275) Divested and Run-off Businesses: Closed Block division 0 0 0 Other Divested and Run-off Businesses (7) 110 (83) Favorable (unfavorable) impact to consolidated income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ (170) $ 859 $ (397) Shown below are the adjusted operating income contributions of each segment and Corporate and Other operations for the periods indicated and a reconciliation of this segment measure of performance to Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities as presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 49 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Adjusted operating income before income taxes by segment: PGIM $ 878 $ 875 $ 713 U.S. Businesses: Retirement Strategies 3,445 3,619 3,513 Group Insurance 381 314 319 Individual Life 260 (205) (95) Total U.S. Businesses 4,086 3,728 3,737 International Businesses 3,247 3,106 3,183 Corporate and Other (1,574) (1,783) (2,034) Total segment adjusted operating income before income taxes 6,637 5,926 5,599 Reconciling items: Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments(1) (1,618) (2,150) (2,510) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses) (475) (397) 56 Market experience updates 68 (52) 110 Divested and Run-off Businesses(2): Closed Block division (68) (113) (100) Other Divested and Run-off Businesses 107 30 21 Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests(3) (20) (16) (68) Other adjustments(4) 25 (19) (36) Consolidated income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 4,656 $ 3,209 $ 3,072 __________ (1) See General Account Investments and Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. (2) Represents the contribution to income (loss) of Divested and Run-off Businesses that have been or will be sold or exited, including businesses that have been placed in wind-down, but did not qualify for discontinued operations accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP. See Divested and Run-off Businesses and Closed Block Division for additional information. (3) Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities is included in adjusted operating income but excluded from Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities as it is reflected on an after-tax U.S. GAAP basis as a separate line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests are excluded from adjusted operating income but included in Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities as they are reflected on a U.S. GAAP basis as a separate line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests represent the portion of earnings from consolidated entities that relates to the equity interests of minority investors. (4) Includes certain components of consideration for business acquisitions, which are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service periods. Segment results for 2025 presented above reflect the following: PGIM. Results for 2025 increased in comparison to 2024, primarily reflecting higher net asset management fees and higher net service, distribution and other revenues, driven by a gain on sale of our asset management business in Taiwan, largely offset by higher expenses, including charges resulting from a business reorganization, and lower net other related revenues. Retirement Strategies. Results for 2025 decreased in comparison to 2024, inclusive of an unfavorable comparative net imp act from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding this item, results increased, primarily reflecting higher net investment spread results, partially offset by higher expenses and lower net fee income. Group Insurance. Results for 2025 increased in comparison to 2024, inclusive of a less favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding this item, results increased, primarily reflecting higher net underwriting results, partially offset by higher expenses. Individual Life. Results for 2025 increased in comparison to 2024, inclusive of a favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding this item, results increased, primarily reflecting higher underwriting results and lower expenses, partially offset by lower net investment spread results. 50 Table of Contents International Businesses. Results for 2025 increased in comparison to 2024, inclusive of an unfavorable comparative net impact from foreign currency exchange rates and a favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding these items, results increased, primarily reflecting higher net investment spread results and higher underwriting results, partially offset by higher expenses. Corporate and Other. Results for 2025 were less unfavorable in comparison to 2024, primarily reflecting lower net charges from other corporate activities. Closed Block Division. Results for 2025 increased in comparison to 2024, primarily reflecting higher net investment activity results, partially offset by changes in the policyholder dividend obligation. Segment Measures Adjusted Operating Income. In managing our business, we analyze the operating performance of our segments and our Corporate and Other operations using adjusted operating income. Adjusted operating income does not equate to Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities or Net income (loss) as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP but is the measure of segment profit or loss we use to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources and, consistent with authoritative guidance, is our measure of segment performance. The adjustments to derive adjusted operating income are important to an understanding of our overall results of operations. Adjusted operating income is not a substitute for income determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and our definition of adjusted operating income may differ from that used by other companies; however, we believe that the presentation of adjusted operating income as we measure it for management purposes enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the results from ongoing operations and the underlying profitability of our businesses. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the presentation of segment results and our definition of adjusted operating income. Annualized New Business Premiums. In managing our Individual Life, Group Insurance and International Businesses segments, we analyze annualized new business premiums, which do not correspond to revenues under U.S. GAAP. Annualized new business premiums measure the current sales performance of the business, while revenues primarily reflect the renewal persistency of policies written in prior years and net investment income, in addition to current sales. Annualized new business premiums include 10% of first year premiums or deposits from single-payment products in our Individual Life and International Businesses segments. No other adjustments are made for limited-payment contracts. The amount of annualized new business premiums for any given period can be significantly impacted by several factors, including but not limited to: addition of new products, discontinuation of existing products, changes in credited interest rates for certain products and other product modifications, changes in premium rates, changes in tax laws, changes in regulations or changes in the competitive environment. Sales volume may increase or decrease prior to certain of these changes becoming effective, and then fluctuate in the other direction following such changes. Assets Under Management. In managing our PGIM segment, we analyze assets under management (which do not correspond directly to U.S. GAAP assets) because the principal source of revenues is fees based on assets under management. Assets under management represent the fair market value or account value of assets that we manage directly for institutional clients, retail clients, and for our general account, as well as assets invested in our products that are managed by third-party managers. Account Values. In managing our Retirement Strategies segment, we analyze account values, which do not correspond directly to U.S. GAAP assets. Net additions (withdrawals) in our Institutional Retirement Strategies business and sales (redemptions) in our Individual Retirement Strategies business do not correspond to revenues under U.S. GAAP but are used as a relevant measure of business activity. 51 Table of Contents Results of Operations by Segment PGIM Business Update In July 2024, the Company exited PGIM Wadhwani LLP ( PGIMW ), our London-based managed futures investment management firm. The results of PGIMW, beginning in the second quarter of 2024, are reflected in Divested and Run-off Businesses included within our Corporate and Other operations. Operating Results The following table sets forth PGIM s operating results for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Operating results(1): Revenues $ 4,231 $ 4,092 $ 3,638 Expenses 3,353 3,217 2,925 Adjusted operating income 878 875 713 Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 107 132 16 Other adjustments(2) 25 (19) (36) Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 1,010 $ 988 $ 693 __________ (1) Certain of PGIM s investment activities are based in currencies other than the USD and are therefore subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. The financial results of PGIM include the impact of an intercompany arrangement with our Corporate and Other operations designed to mitigate the impact of exchange rate changes on PGIM s USD-equivalent earnings. For additional information regarding this intercompany arrangement, see External and Economic Factors Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates, above. (2) Includes certain components of consideration for business acquisitions, which are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service periods. 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison Adjusted operating income increased $3 million, primarily reflecting: higher net asset management fees; and higher net service, distribution and other revenues driven by a gain on the sale of our asset management business in Taiwan. These variances were largely offset by: higher operating expenses, primarily driven by charges resulting from a business reorganization and to support business growth; and lower net other related revenues. 52 Table of Contents The following table sets forth PGIM s revenues, presented on a basis consistent with the table above under Operating Results, by type: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Revenues by type: Asset management fees by source: Institutional - Third Party(1) $ 1,568 $ 1,484 $ 1,395 Retail - Third Party(1) 911 868 758 Affiliated(1)(2) 876 827 766 Total asset management fees 3,355 3,179 2,919 Other related revenues by source: Incentive fees 98 202 46 Transaction fees 24 24 17 Seed and co-investments 90 135 127 Commercial mortgage(3) 108 69 57 Total other related revenues 320 430 247 Service, distribution and other revenues 556 483 472 Total revenues $ 4,231 $ 4,092 $ 3,638 __________ (1) Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. (2) Includes revenues from the Company s general account assets, as well as certain separate account assets of the Company s insurance and retirement businesses managed by PGIM. (3) Includes mortgage origination revenues from our commercial mortgage origination and servicing business. Revenues increased $139 million, primarily reflecting: higher asset management fees, driven by higher average assets under management from the impact of equity market and fixed income appreciation, net inflows and strong investment performance; and higher service, distribution and other revenues, primarily reflecting the gain on sale of our asset management business in Taiwan and higher revenues from certain consolidated funds (which were fully offset by higher expenses related to noncontrolling interests in these funds). These variances were partially offset by: lower other related revenues, primarily reflecting lower incentive fees and lower seed and co-investments earnings, driven by less favorable investment performance, partially offset by higher commercial mortgage origination revenues from higher loan production. Expenses increased $136 million, primarily reflecting: higher operating expenses, primarily driven by charges resulting from a business reorganization and to support business growth; and higher variable expenses, primarily driven by higher fee-based earnings, and higher revenues from certain consolidated funds, as discussed above, partially offset by lower expenses related to performance-based incentive fees. 53 Table of Contents Assets Under Management The following table sets forth assets under management by asset class as of the dates indicated: December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in billions) Assets Under Management(1) (at fair value): Public equity $ 223.1 $ 215.7 $ 183.6 Public fixed income 902.7 832.2 799.8 Real estate 134.4 127.2 129.2 Private credit and other alternatives 127.4 118.0 112.1 Multi-asset 78.5 82.1 73.4 Total PGIM assets under management $ 1,466.1 $ 1,375.2 $ 1,298.1 Assets under management within other reporting segments(2) 143.0 137.2 151.5 Total PFI assets under management $ 1,609.1 $ 1,512.4 $ 1,449.6 __________ (1) Public equity represents stock ownership interest in a corporation or partnership (excluding hedge funds) or real estate investment trust. Public fixed income represents debt instruments that pay interest and usually have a maturity (excluding mortgages). Real estate includes direct real estate equity and real estate mortgages. Private credit and other alternatives includes private credit, private equity, hedge funds and other alternative strategies. Multi-asset includes funds or products that invest in more than one asset class, balancing equity and fixed income funds and target date funds. (2) Primarily includes assets related to certain insurance and retirement products in our U.S. Businesses and Corporate and Other operations, and certain general account assets in our International Businesses. These assets are not directly managed by PGIM, but rather are invested in non-proprietary funds or are managed by either the divisions themselves or by our Chief Investment Officer Organization. The following table sets forth assets under management by source as of the dates indicated: December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in billions) Assets Under Management (at fair value): Institutional - Third Party(1) $ 652.0 $ 601.1 $ 562.7 Retail - Third Party(1) 267.0 244.9 215.5 Affiliated(1)(2) 547.1 529.2 519.9 Total PGIM assets under management $ 1,466.1 $ 1,375.2 $ 1,298.1 Assets under management within other reporting segments(3) 143.0 137.2 151.5 Total PFI assets under management $ 1,609.1 $ 1,512.4 $ 1,449.6 __________ (1) Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. (2) Includes the Company s general account assets, as well as certain separate account assets of the Company s insurance and retirement businesses managed by PGIM. (3) Primarily includes assets related to certain insurance and retirement products in our U.S. Businesses and Corporate and Other operations, and certain general account assets in our International Businesses. These assets are not directly managed by PGIM, but rather are invested in non-proprietary funds or are managed by either the divisions themselves or by our Chief Investment Officer Organization. 54 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the component changes in PGIM s assets under management for the periods indicated: December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in billions) Beginning assets under management $ 1,375.2 $ 1,298.1 $ 1,228.4 Institutional third-party flows(1) 6.1 21.7 (18.6) Retail third-party flows (4.0) 1.4 (15.1) Total third-party flows(1) 2.1 23.1 (33.7) Affiliated flows(1)(2) (1.6) 24.6 (5.4) Total net flows(1) 0.5 47.7 (39.1) Realizations and distributions(1)(3) (14.4) (9.9) (4.9) Market appreciation (depreciation)(4) 106.1 60.6 118.3 Foreign exchange rate impact 3.6 (9.4) (4.3) Net money market activity and other increases (decreases)(1) (4.9) (11.9) (0.3) Ending assets under management $ 1,466.1 $ 1,375.2 $ 1,298.1 __________ (1) Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. (2) Represents assets that PGIM manages for the benefit of other reporting segments within the Company. Additions and withdrawals of these assets are attributable to third-party product inflows and outflows in other reporting segments. (3) Realizations reflect proceeds from the disposition or monetization of assets from closed end funds and from collateralized loan obligations ( CLOs ). Distributions reflect income and dividend distributions related to certain closed and open ended private alternative funds and CLOs. (4) Includes income reinvestment, where applicable. 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison PGIM s assets under management increased $91 billion in 2025, primarily driven by fixed income and equity market appreciation, partially offset by realizations and distributions. Private Capital Deployment Private capital deployment is indicative of the pace and magnitude of capital that is invested and will result in future revenues that may include management fees, transaction fees, incentive fees and servicing revenues, as well as future costs to manage these assets. Private capital deployment represents the gross value of private capital invested in real estate debt and equity, and private credit and equity asset classes. Assets under management resulting from private capital deployment are primarily included in Real estate and Private credit and other alternatives in the Assets Under Management by asset class table above. As of December 31, 2025, these assets increased approximately $16.6 billion compared to December 31, 2024, primarily reflecting private capital net inflows, market appreciation and favorable foreign exchange rate impacts, partially offset by realizations and distributions. Private capital deployment includes PGIM s real estate agency debt business, which consists of agency commercial mortgage loans that are originated and sold to third-party investors. PGIM continues to service these loans; however, they are not included in assets under management. The following table sets forth PGIM s private capital deployed by asset class for the periods indicated: December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in billions) Private capital deployed: Real estate debt and equity $ 26.8 $ 20.9 $ 17.6 Private credit and equity 28.1 22.4 14.0 Total private capital deployed $ 54.9 $ 43.3 $ 31.6 55 Table of Contents Seed and Co-Investments As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, PGIM had approximately $1,155 million and $1,079 million of seed investments and $375 million and $415 million of co-investments at carrying value, respectively, primarily consisting of public fixed income, public equity, real estate investments, and private credit and other alternatives. Retirement Strategies Operating Results The following table sets forth Retirement Strategies operating results for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Operating results: Revenues: Institutional Retirement Strategies $ 16,657 $ 28,195 $ 11,030 Individual Retirement Strategies 5,541 5,125 4,532 Total revenues 22,198 33,320 15,562 Benefits and expenses: Institutional Retirement Strategies 14,944 26,339 9,335 Individual Retirement Strategies 3,809 3,362 2,714 Total benefits and expenses 18,753 29,701 12,049 Adjusted operating income: Institutional Retirement Strategies 1,713 1,856 1,695 Individual Retirement Strategies 1,732 1,763 1,818 Total adjusted operating income 3,445 3,619 3,513 Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments (893) (594) (1,665) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses) (493) (414) 42 Market experience updates (16) 0 0 Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 3 1 0 Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 2,046 $ 2,612 $ 1,890 Our Individual Retirement Strategies business includes both fixed and variable annuities that may include optional guaranteed living benefit riders (e.g., guaranteed minimum income benefits ( GMIB ), guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits ( GMAB ), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits ( GMWB ) and guaranteed minimum income and withdrawal benefits ( GMIWB )), and/or optional death benefit riders (e.g., guaranteed minimum death benefits ( GMDB )). We also offer fixed annuities that provide a guarantee of principal and interest credited at rates we determine (subject to certain contractual minimums) or at rates based upon the performance of an index (subject to caps or participation rates), as well as indexed variable annuities that provide several index crediting strategies and varying levels of downside protection at predetermined levels and durations. The results of our business are generally included in adjusted operating income, with exceptions related to certain guarantees, as discussed below. Under U.S. GAAP, our guaranteed living and death benefit riders on variable annuities (e.g., GMAB, GMIB, GMWB, GMIWB and GMDB) are accounted for as MRBs and reported at fair value. For purposes of measuring segment performance, adjusted operating income excludes the changes in fair value of MRBs and instead reflects the performance of these riders in net income, net of related hedges, in Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses), except for the portion of the change attributable to changes in the Company s non-performance risk ( NPR ) which is recorded in OCI. Under U.S. GAAP, policyholder liabilities associated with our fixed and variable indexed annuity products are recorded in Policyholders account balances, and include both the contract value that has accrued to the benefit of the policyholder and the fair value of embedded derivative instruments associated with the index-linked features for these products. The change in 56 Table of Contents the liability for these products is measured utilizing a valuation methodology required under U.S GAAP and includes the fair value of all index credits for the current term and future projected renewals of the policy. For the purpose of measuring segment performance, however, adjusted operating income reflects only the change in the liability associated with the current term elected by the policyholder, which is the component of the liability the Company hedges based on current contractual index-crediting terms, and which is offset by the change in the value of the corresponding hedge assets. Adjusted operating income excludes the change in the liability associated with all future projected renewals, which the Company does not hedge, consistent with the Company and policyholder optionality that exists at renewal. 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison Adjusted operating income from our Institutional Retirement Strategies business decreased $143 million, including an unfavorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Results for 2025 included a net charge from this update of $32 million, while the results for 2024 included a net benefit of $132 million driven by favorable impacts related to assumptions for mortality. Excluding this item, adjusted operating income increased $21 million, primarily reflecting: higher net investment spread results, driven by an increase in account values due to business growth, partially offset by lower income from derivatives; and higher fee income, due to business growth of longevity reinsurance transactions. These variances were partially offset by: higher operating expenses, driven by an update of internal expense allocations. Adjusted operating income from our Individual Retirement Strategies business decreased $31 million, including an unfavorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Results for 2025 included a net charge from this update of $81 million, mainly due to the establishment of reserves for certain fixed annuity products, while the results for 2024 included a net benefit of $8 million. Excluding this item, adjusted operating income increased $58 million, primarily reflecting: higher net investment spread results, due to growth in indexed variable and fixed annuities and higher income from non-coupon investments, partially offset by the impact of lower short-term interest rates. This variance was partially offset by: lower fee income, net of distribution expenses, due to lower average separate account values driven by net outflows from the run-off of the traditional variable annuity block, partially offset by favorable equity markets; and higher amortization costs. Revenues from our Institutional Retirement Strategies business decreased $11,538 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, revenues decreased $11,926 million, primarily reflecting: lower pension risk transfer premiums due to the absence of significant sales that occurred in the prior year, with corresponding offsets in policyholders benefits, as discussed below. Benefits and expenses of our Institutional Retirement Strategies business decreased $11,395 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, benefits and expenses decreased $11,947 million, primarily reflecting: lower policyholders benefits, including changes in reserves, related to the lower pension risk transfer premiums discussed above . Revenues from our Individual Retirement Strategies business increased $416 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, revenues increased $408 million, primarily reflecting: higher net investment income, from growth in indexed variable and fixed annuities and higher income from non-coupon investments. This variance was partially offset by: 57 Table of Contents lower asset management and service fees, as well as lower policy charges and fee income due to lower average separate account values, driven by net outflows from the run-off of the traditional variable annuity block, partially offset by favorable equity markets; and lower other income, driven by the impact of less favorable short-term interest rates on collateral posted to counterparties. Benefits and expenses of our Individual Retirement Strategies business increased $447 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, benefits and expenses increased $350 million, primarily reflecting: higher interest credited to policyholders account balances and higher amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs, reflecting business growth. This variance was partially offset by: lower general and administrative expenses. Account Values Institutional Retire ment Strategies. Account values are a significant driver of our operating results and are primarily driven by net additions (withdrawals) and the impact of market changes. The investment income and interest we credit to policyholders on our spread-based products varies with the level of general account values. The income we earn on most of our fee-based products varies with the level of fee-based account values as many policy fees are determined by these values. The following tables set forth account value information of Institutional Retirement Strategies products for the periods indicated. Account values include both internally- and externally-managed client balances as the total balances drive revenue for the Institutional Retirement Strategies business. For additional information regarding internally-managed balances, see PGIM. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Total Institutional Retirement Strategies: Beginning total account value, gross(1) $ 288,202 $ 267,654 $ 251,818 Additions(2) 25,944 36,331 28,498 Withdrawals and benefits (25,520) (25,327) (25,283) Change in market value, interest credited and interest income 11,893 10,590 7,722 Other(3) 8,128 (1,046) 4,899 Ending total account value, gross 308,647 288,202 267,654 Reinsurance ceded (9,029) (9,011) (9,237) Ending total account value, net $ 299,618 $ 279,191 $ 258,417 Amounts included in Ending account value, net above: Investment-only stable value wraps $ 61,725 $ 61,286 $ 64,098 International reinsurance(4) 125,211 108,882 102,544 Group annuities and other products 112,682 109,023 91,775 Total $ 299,618 $ 279,191 $ 258,417 Additions by product(2): Investment-only stable value wraps $ 3,523 $ 2,014 $ 3,158 International reinsurance 12,052 9,977 17,094 Group annuities and other products 10,369 24,340 8,246 Total $ 25,944 $ 36,331 $ 28,498 __________ (1) Beginning total account values, net of reinsurance ceded, were $279,191 million, $258,417 million and $251,818 million for the years ended 58 Table of Contents December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. (2) Additions primarily include: group annuities and funded pension reinsurance calculated based on premiums received; longevity reinsurance contracts calculated as the present value of future projected benefits; investment-only stable value contracts calculated as the fair value of customers funds held in a client-owned trust; and funding agreements issued calculated based on premiums received. (3) Other activity includes the effect of foreign exchange rate changes associated with our international reinsurance business and changes in asset balances for externally-managed accounts. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, Other activity also includes $3,648 million in receipts offset by $3,698 million in payments, $3,148 million in receipts offset by $3,231 million in payments, and $3,557 million in receipts offset by $3,533 million in payments, respectively, related to funding agreements backed by commercial paper that typically have maturities of less than 90 days. (4) Represents notional amounts based on present value of future benefits under international reinsurance contracts. 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison The increase in Institutional Retirement Strategies net account values primarily reflects: interest credited on customer funds and an increase in the market value of assets; and the positive impact of foreign exchange rate changes. Individual Retirement Strategies. Account values are a significant driver of our operating results. Since most fees are determined by the level of separate account assets, fee income varies primarily based on the level of account values. Account values are driven by net flows from new business sales, surrenders, withdrawals and benefit payments, policy charges and the impact of positive or negative market value changes. The following tables set forth account value information of Individual Retirement Strategies products for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Total Individual Retirement Strategies: Beginning total account value, gross(1) $ 138,639 $ 129,708 $ 120,022 Sales 13,583 14,067 7,635 Full surrenders and death benefits (11,702) (11,093) (6,766) Sales, net of full surrenders and death benefits 1,881 2,974 869 Partial withdrawals and other benefit payments (5,513) (5,180) (4,531) Net flows (3,632) (2,206) (3,662) Change in market value, interest credited and other activity 15,625 13,308 15,624 Policy charges (2,038) (2,171) (2,276) Ending total account value, gross 148,594 138,639 129,708 Reinsurance ceded (11,813) (11,519) (11,797) Ending total account value, net $ 136,781 $ 127,120 $ 117,911 Amounts included in Ending account value, net above: FlexGuard suite(2) $ 42,336 $ 31,017 $ 19,053 Variable annuities(3) 80,088 85,832 92,282 Fixed annuities 14,357 10,271 6,576 Total $ 136,781 $ 127,120 $ 117,911 Sales by product: FlexGuard suite(2) $ 7,580 $ 8,703 $ 4,870 Variable annuities(3) 176 191 182 Fixed annuities 5,827 5,173 2,583 Total $ 13,583 $ 14,067 $ 7,635 __________ (1) Beginning total account values, net of reinsurance ceded, were $127,120 million, $117,911 million, and $119,205 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. (2) Includes Prudential FlexGuard and FlexGuard Income index variable annuities. 59 Table of Contents (3) Includes Prudential Premier Investment, MyRock and other variable contracts with and without guaranteed minimum income and withdrawal benefits. 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison The decrease in Individual Retirement Strategies sales, net of full surrenders and death benefits, primarily reflects: higher full surrenders; and lower sales of indexed variable annuities products. The increase in Individual Retirement Strategies net account values primarily reflects: market value appreciation. This variance was partially offset by: lower net flows driven by net outflows from the run-off of the traditional variable annuity block, partially offset by net indexed variable and fixed annuity inflows. Risks and Risk Mitigants The following is a summary of certain risks associated with Individual Retirement Strategies products, certain strategies in mitigating those risks including any updates to those strategies since the previous year-end, and the related financial results. Fixed Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants. The primary risk exposure of our fixed annuity products relates to investment risks we bear for providing customers a minimum guaranteed interest rate or an index-linked interest rate required to be credited to the customer s account value, which include interest rate fluctuations and/or sustained periods of low interest rates, and credit risk related to the underlying investments. We manage these risk exposures primarily through our investment strategies, inclusive of derivatives, and product design features, which include credit rate resetting subject to the minimum guaranteed interest rate as well as surrender charges applied during the early years of the contract that help to provide protection for premature withdrawals. In addition, a portion of our fixed products has a market value adjustment provision that affords protection of lapse in the case of rising interest rates. We also manage these risk exposures through external reinsurance for certain of our fixed annuity products. For additional information regarding our external reinsurance agreements, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Indexed Variable Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants. The primary risk exposure of our indexed variable annuity products relates to the investment risks we bear in order to credit to the customer s account balance the required crediting rate based on the performance of the elected indices at the end of each term. We manage this risk primarily through our investment strategies, inclusive of derivatives, and product design features, which include credit rate resetting subject to contractual minimums as well as surrender charges applied during the early years of the contract that help to provide protection for premature withdrawals. In addition, our indexed variable annuity strategies have an interim value provision that provides some protection from lapse in the case of rising interest rates. Variable Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants. The primary risk exposures of our variable annuity contracts relate to actual deviations from, or changes to, the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products, including capital markets assumptions such as equity market returns, interest rates and market volatility, along with actuarial assumptions such as contractholder mortality, the timing and amount of annuitization and withdrawals, and contract lapses. For these risk exposures, achievement of our expected returns is subject to the risk that actual experience will differ from the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products. We manage our exposure to certain risks driven by fluctuation s in capital markets p rimarily through a combination of (i) Product Design Features, and (ii) our Asset Liability Management Strategy, as discussed below. We also manage these risk exposures through external reinsurance for certain of our variable annuity products. For additional information regarding our external reinsurance agreements, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. i. Product Design Features: A portion of the variable annuity contracts that we offered include an automatic rebalancing feature, also referred to as an asset transfer feature. This feature is implemented at the contract level, and transfers assets between certain variable investment sub-accounts selected by the annuity contractholder and, depending on the benefit feature, a fixed-rate account in the general account or a bond fund sub-account within the separate accounts. The objective of the automatic rebalancing feature is to reduce our exposure to equity market risk and market volatility. Other product design features we utilize include, among others, asset allocation restrictions, minimum issuance age requirements and certain limitations on the amount of purchase payments, 60 Table of Contents as well as a required minimum allocation to our general account for certain of our products. In addition, there is diversity in our fee arrangements, as certain fees are primarily based on the benefit guarantee amount, the contractholder account value and/or premiums, which helps preserve certain revenue streams when market fluctuations cause account values to decline. ii. Asset Liability Management ( ALM ) Strategy (including fixed income instruments and derivatives): We employ an ALM strategy that utilizes a combination of both traditional fixed income instruments and derivatives to meet expected liabilities associated with our annuity guarantees that under U.S. GAAP are considered MRBs. The MRB liability that we hedge consists of expected living and death benefit claims under various market conditions, which are managed using fixed income instruments, derivatives, or a combination thereof. For our Prudential Defined Income ( PDI ) variable annuity, we utilize fixed income instruments to meet expected liabilities. For the portion of our ALM strategy executed with derivatives, we enter into a range of exchange-traded and over-the-counter ( OTC ) equity, interest rate and credit derivatives, including, but not limited to: equity and treasury futures; total return, credit default and interest rate swaps; and options including equity options, swaptions, and floors and caps. The intent of this strategy is to more efficiently manage the capital and liquidity associated with these products while continuing to mitigate fluctuations in net income due to movements in capital markets. To achieve this, we periodically review and recalibrate the ALM strategy by optimizing the mix of derivatives and fixed income instruments to achieve expected outcomes. Under our ALM strategy, we expect differences in the U.S. GAAP net income impact between the changes in value of the fixed income instruments (either designated as available-for-sale or designated as trading) and derivatives as compared to the changes in the MRB liability these assets support. These differences can be primarily attributed to two distinct areas: Different accounting treatment between liabilities and assets supporting those liabilities . Under U.S. GAAP, changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments and fixed income instruments designated as trading, and MRBs, excluding the changes in the Company s NPR spreads, are immediately reflected in net income, while changes in the fair value of fixed income instruments that are designated as available-for-sale are recorded as unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income. General hedge results. For the derivative portion of the ALM strategy, the net hedging impact (the extent to which the changes in value of the hedging instruments offset the change in value of the portion of the MRBs we are hedging) may be impacted by a number of factors, including: cash flow timing differences between our hedging instruments and the corresponding portion of the MRBs we are hedging, basis differences attributable to actual underlying contractholder funds to be hedged versus hedgeable indices, rebalancing costs related to dynamic rebalancing of hedging instruments as markets move, certain elements of the MRBs that may not be hedged (including certain actuarial assumptions), and implied and realized market volatility on the hedge positions relative to the portion of the MRBs we seek to hedge. Product Specific Risks and Risk Mitigants For certain living benefit guarantees, claims will primarily represent the funding of contractholder lifetime withdrawals after the cumulative withdrawals have first exhausted the contractholder account value. Due to the age of the in-force block, limited claim payments have occurred to date, and they are not expected to increase significantly within the next five years, based upon current assumptions. The timing and amount of future claims will depend on actual returns on contractholder account value and actual contractholder behavior relative to our assumptions. The majority of our current living benefit guarantees provide for guaranteed lifetime contractholder withdrawal payments inclusive of a highest daily contract value guarantee. Our PDI variable annuity complements our variable annuity products with the highest daily benefit and provides for guaranteed lifetime contractholder withdrawal payments but restricts contractholder asset allocation to a single bond fund sub-account within the separate accounts. The majority of our traditional variable annuity contracts with living benefit guarantees, and contracts with our highest daily living benefit features, include risk mitigants in the form of an automatic rebalancing feature and/or inclusion in our ALM strategy. We may also utilize external reinsurance as a form of additional risk mitigation. The risks associated with the guaranteed benefits of certain legacy products that were sold prior to our development of the automatic rebalancing feature are also managed through our ALM strategy. Certain legacy products with GMAB rider options include the automatic rebalancing feature but are not included in the ALM strategy. For additional information regarding our external reinsurance agreements, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For our GMDBs, we provide a benefit payable in the event of death. Our base GMDB is generally equal to a return of cumulative deposits adjusted for any partial withdrawals. Certain products include an optional enhanced GMDB based on the greater of a minimum return on the contract value or an enhanced value. We have retained the risk that the total amount of 61 Table of Contents death benefit payable may be greater than the contractholder account value; however, a substantial portion of the account values associated with GMDBs are subject to an automatic rebalancing feature because the contractholder also selected a living benefit guarantee which includes an automatic rebalancing feature. All of the variable annuity account values with living benefit guarantees also contain GMDBs. The living and death benefit features for these contracts cover the same insured life and, consequently, we have insured both the longevity and mortality risk on these contracts. The following table sets forth the risk management profile of our living benefit guarantees and GMDB features as of the periods indicated: December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Account Value % of Total Account Value % of Total Account Value % of Total ($ in millions) Living benefit/GMDB features(1): Both ALM strategy and automatic rebalancing(2)(3) $ 60,491 47 % $ 64,856 52 % $ 70,013 58 % ALM strategy only(3) 1,650 1 % 1,782 1 % 1,933 2 % Automatic rebalancing only 63 0 % 77 0 % 80 0 % External reinsurance(4) 9,582 7 % 10,665 9 % 12,418 10 % PDI 1,232 1 % 1,342 1 % 1,536 1 % Other products 1,490 1 % 1,553 1 % 1,585 1 % Total living benefit/GMDB features 74,508 80,275 87,565 GMDB features and other(5) 55,870 43 % 45,338 36 % 33,873 28 % Total variable annuity account value, gross $ 130,378 $ 125,613 $ 121,438 __________ (1) All contracts with living benefit guarantees also contain GMDB features, which cover the same insured contract. (2) Contracts with living benefits that are included in our ALM strategy and that have an automatic rebalancing feature. (3) Excludes retained PDI which is presented separately within this table. (4) Represents contracts subject to reinsurance transactions with external counterp arties. Includes approx imately $8 billion of account values in relation to the PDI reinsurance transaction, and certain Highest Daily Lifetime Income ( HDI ) v.3.0 business for the period April 1, 2015 through December 31, 2016. The HDI contracts with living benefits also have an automatic rebalancing feature. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. (5) Includes Prudential FlexGuard, FlexGuard Income and other variable contracts that have a GMDB feature and do not have an automatic rebalancing feature. Results Excluded from Adjusted Operating Income The following table provides the net impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations from the portion of Retirement Strategies results excluded from adjusted operating income: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions)(1) Results excluded from adjusted operating income: Change in MRBs, excluding changes in the NPR adjustment(2) $ 1,163 $ 2,735 $ 2,499 Change in the value of the non-MRB liabilities, excluding changes in the NPR adjustment(3) (253) 1,087 (118) Change in the NPR adjustment, excluding changes recognized in OCI (30) (128) (18) Change in the fair value of hedge assets(4)(5) (1,645) (3,165) (2,812) Other(6) (161) (339) (244) Total Individual Retirement Strategies results excluded from adjusted operating income (926) 190 (693) Total Institutional Retirement Strategies results excluded from adjusted operating income (473) (1,197) (930) Total results excluded from adjusted operating income $ (1,399) $ (1,007) $ (1,623) 62 Table of Contents __________ (1) Positive amounts represent income; negative amounts represent a loss. (2) Also excludes related hedging gains (losses), which are included within this table in Change in the fair value of hedge assets. (3) Represents the change in the liability for our fixed and variable indexed annuities, including the fair value of embedded derivative instruments associated with those products, which is measured utilizing a valuation methodology required under U.S. GAAP. The total GAAP liability includes the fair value of all index credits for the current term and all future projected renewals of the policy; however, only changes in the liability associated with the current term elected by the policyholder are included in adjusted operating income, while changes in the liability associated with all future projected renewals of the policy are excluded from adjusted operating income. (4) Represents the change in fair value of the derivatives utilized to hedge potential claims associated with our variable annuity living and death benefit guarantees. (5) Results for the year ended 2023 include changes in the fair value of equity derivatives related to the capital hedge program of $(225) million that were intended to protect a portion of the overall capital position of the variable annuities business against its exposure to the equity markets. The capital hedge program was discontinued in the first quarter of 2023. (6) Includes the changes in duration swaps, DAC amortization, trading gains or losses, and other activity. For 2025 , the loss of $1,399 million primarily reflects: the net impact of interest rate changes on MRBs and other liabilities, net of hedging; an unfavorable impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements; and losses on foreign currency hedges. These variances were partially offset by: the impact of favorable equity market performance. Group Insurance Operating Results The following table sets forth Group Insurance s operating results and benefits and administrative expense ratios for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 ($ in millions) Operating results: Revenues $ 6,774 $ 6,427 $ 6,285 Benefits and expenses 6,393 6,113 5,966 Adjusted operating income 381 314 319 Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments (54) (51) (46) Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 327 $ 263 $ 273 Benefits ratios(1)(2)(3): Group life 83.8 % 86.9 % 87.0 % Group disability 76.4 % 71.8 % 70.2 % Total Group Insurance 81.7 % 82.7 % 82.5 % Administrative expense ratios(2)(4)(5): Group life 11.1 % 11.3 % 11.3 % Group disability 24.9 % 25.0 % 23.4 % Total Group Insurance 14.9 % 15.0 % 14.4 % __________ (1) Ratio of policyholder benefits to earned premiums plus policy charges and fee income. (2) The benefits and administrative expense ratios are measures used to evaluate profitability and efficiency. (3) Benefits ratios reflect the impacts of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding these impacts, the group life, group disability and total Group Insurance benefits ratios were 84.0%, 76.5% and 81.9% for 2025, respectively, 86.9%, 73.3% and 83.1% for 2024, respectively, and 87.6%, 71.1% and 83.2% for 2023, respectively. (4) Ratio of operating and variable expenses (excluding commissions) to net premiums plus policy charges and fee income, excluding third-party administrator pass-through fees and expenses. (5) Prior period ratios have been updated to conform to current period presentation. 63 Table of Contents 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison Adjusted operating income increased $67 million, including a less favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Results for 2025 and 2024 included net benefits from this update of $11 million and $25 million, respectively. Excluding this item, adjusted operating income increased $81 million, primarily reflecting: higher underwriting results in our group life business, driven by more favorable mortality experience on non-experience-rated contracts and a positive impact from a reserve refinement for certain experience-rated contracts. This variance was partially offset by: higher variable and operating expenses, largely supporting business growth; and lower underwriting results in our group disability business, driven by less favorable claims experience on long-term disability contracts. Revenues increased $347 million primarily reflecting: higher premiums and policy charges and fee income, driven by business growth in both our group life and group disability businesses; and lower premium and policy returns, driven by less favorable mortality on experience-rated contracts. Benefits and expenses increased $280 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, benefits and expenses increased $266 million primarily reflecting: higher policyholders benefits and changes in reserves, driven by business growth and less favorable claims experience on long-term disability contracts; and higher general and administrative expenses, driven by business growth. These variances were partially offset by: more favorable mortality experience on non-experience-rated contracts in our group life business. Sales Results The following table sets forth Group Insurance s annualized new business premiums, as defined under Segment Measures above, for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Annualized new business premiums(1): Group life $ 325 $ 289 $ 296 Group disability 286 261 235 Total $ 611 $ 550 $ 531 __________ (1) Amounts exclude new premiums resulting from rate changes on existing policies, from additional coverage under our Servicemembers Group Life Insurance contract and from excess premiums on group universal life insurance that build cash value but do not purchase face amounts. 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison Total annualized new business premiums increased $61 million, primarily reflecting: higher sales in the Premier market segment in both our group disability and group life businesses. This variance was partially offset by lower sales in the Association market segment in both our group life and group disability businesses. 64 Table of Contents Individual Life Business Update In August 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Wilton Reassurance Company and Wilton Reinsurance Bermuda Limited (collectively, Wilton Re ) to reinsure certain guaranteed universal life policies issued by Pruco Life Insurance Company ( Pruco Life ) and Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey ( PLNJ ). These policies represented approximately 40% of the Company s remaining statutory reserves on its in-force guaranteed universal life block of business, following the close of the reinsurance transaction with Somerset Reinsurance Ltd. ( Somerset Re ) in the first quarter of 2024. The transaction was completed in December 2024 with an effective date of October 1, 2024. These two external reinsurance agreements reduced, in aggregate, the Company s previously established statutory reserves on its in-force guaranteed universal life block of business by approximately 60%. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these transactions. Operating Results The following table sets forth Individual Life s operating results for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Operating results: Revenues $ 6,130 $ 6,195 $ 6,274 Benefits and expenses 5,870 6,400 6,369 Adjusted operating income 260 (205) (95) Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments (412) (744) (312) Market experience updates (18) (143) 154 Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 1 1 0 Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ (169) $ (1,091) $ (253) 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison Adjusted operating income increased $465 million, including a favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Results for 2025 included a net benefit of $58 million driven by impacts related to assumptions for mortality, policyholder behavior and other reserve refinements, while 2024 included a net charge of $98 million driven by unfavorable impacts related to assumptions for policyholder behavior. Excluding this item, adjusted operating income increased $309 million, primarily reflecting: higher underwriting results, driven by the ongoing favorable impact from the reinsurance transaction with Wilton Re and favorable mortality experience in the current year; and lower operating expenses, driven by the absence of costs associated with the reinsurance transactions discussed above as well as from the consolidation of our internal captive reinsurance arrangements in the prior year. These variances were partially offset by: lower net investment spread results, driven by the absence of income from assets related to the reinsurance transaction with Wilton Re and lower income from non-coupon investments. These decreases were partially offset by lower financing costs resulting from both the reinsurance transactions discussed above as well as the consolidation of our internal captive reinsurance arrangements in the prior year, and lower losses from derivatives. Revenues decreased $65 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, revenues decreased $96 million, primarily reflecting: lower investment results, driven by the absence of income from assets related to the reinsurance transaction with Wilton Re and lower income from non-coupon investments, partially offset by lower losses from derivatives. This variance was partially offset by: 65 Table of Contents higher policy charges and fee income, due to business growth and favorable equity market performance. Benefits and expenses decreased $530 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, benefits and expenses decreased $405 million, primarily reflecting: lower policyholders benefits, including changes in reserves, lower interest expense, and lower interest credited on policyholders account balances, as a result of the reinsurance transaction with Wilton Re; and lower general and administrative expenses, primarily driven by lower operating expenses due to the absence of costs associated with the reinsurance transactions discussed above as well as from the consolidation of our internal captive reinsurance arrangements in the prior year. Sales Results The following table sets forth Individual Life s annualized new business premiums, as defined under Results of Operations Segment Measures above, by distribution channel and product, for the periods indicated: 2025 2024 2023 Prudential Advisors Third Party Total Prudential Advisors Third Party Total Prudential Advisors Third Party Total (in millions) Variable Life $ 159 $ 542 $ 701 $ 145 $ 542 $ 687 $ 120 $ 416 $ 536 Term Life 16 128 144 18 116 134 20 100 120 Universal Life 3 107 110 4 81 85 4 77 81 Total $ 178 $ 777 $ 955 $ 167 $ 739 $ 906 $ 144 $ 593 $ 737 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison Total annualized new business premiums increased $49 million, primarily reflecting: higher third-party universal life and term life sales; and higher Prudential Advisors variable life sales. International Businesses Business Updates As previously disclosed, in January 2026, The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd. ( Prudential of Japan ), a Japanese insurance subsidiary of the Company, reported the findings of its internal investigation into incidents of misconduct involving certain employees of Prudential of Japan. In response to these findings, Prudential of Japan is implementing a series of actions which include strengthening oversight of sales practices, governance and ris