=== PRU_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. 40 Table of Contents Executive Summary Company Overview Our operations are primarily in the United States of America ( U.S. ), Asia, Europe and Latin America. Through our subsidiaries and affiliates, we offer a wide array of financial products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement solutions, mutual funds and investment management. We offer these products and services to individual and institutional customers through one of the largest distribution networks in the financial services industry. Our principal operations consist of PGIM (our global investment management business), our U.S. Businesses (consisting of our Retirement Strategies, Group Insurance and Individual Life businesses), our International Businesses, the Closed Block division, and our Corporate and Other operations. The Closed Block division is accounted for as a divested business that is reported separately from the Divested and Run-off Businesses that are included in Corporate and Other. Divested and Run-off Businesses are composed of businesses that have been, or will be, sold or exited, including businesses that have been placed in wind-down status that do not qualify for discontinued operations accounting treatment under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). Our Corporate and Other operations include corporate items and initiatives that are not allocated to business segments as well as the Divested and Run-off Businesses described above. See Business for a description of our sources of revenue and details on how our profitability is impacted. In addition, our profitability is impacted by our ability to effectively deploy capital, utilize our tax capacity and manage expenses. Effective in the first quarter of 2025, consistent with changes to the Company s internal management structure, our International Businesses are reflected as a single operating and reportable segment, which is how the chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) now assesses its performance and allocates resources. Prior to the first quarter of 2025, our International Businesses consisted of the Life Planner and Gibraltar Life and Other operating segments, each of which was a reportable segment under U.S. GAAP. The change has been applied retrospectively and did not have any impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein or to any previously issued financial statements. Management expects that results will continue to benefit from our mutually-reinforcing business system, which includes a mix of businesses that complement each other to provide competitive advantages, earnings diversification and capital benefits from a balanced risk profile. We believe we are well-positioned to tap into market opportunities to meet the evolving needs of our clients and society at large. Our mix of high-quality protection, retirement and investment management businesses enables us to offer solutions that cover a broad range of financial needs and to engage with our clients through multiple channels. In September 2023, we, together with Warburg Pincus and a group of institutional investors, launched Prismic Life Reinsurance, Ltd. ( Prismic Re ), a licensed Bermuda-based life and annuity reinsurance company. Through our Corporate and Other operations, we own an approximate 20% equity interest in Prismic Life Holding Company LP ( Prismic ), the Bermuda-exempted limited partnership that owns all of the outstanding capital stock of Prismic Re and Prismic Life Reinsurance International, Ltd. ( Prismic Re International ). We expect the increased reinsurance capacity that this partnership provides to support our vision of expanding access to investing, insurance, and retirement security for people around the world. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our transactions with Prismic Re and Prismic Re International. As part of our continuous improvement process, we are working to become a leaner and more agile company by simplifying our management structure, empowering our employees with faster decision-making processes and investing in technology and data platforms. As part of this, we recorded charges of $135 million in the fourth quarter of 2025 and $200 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. These charges, primarily related to our domestic operations and PGIM, were recorded within our Corporate and Other operations and reflect management s ongoing efforts in evaluating the optimal workforce structure required to deliver on our long-term growth strategy. We expect these continued actions will create operating efficiencies, and provide reinvestment capacity to build capabilities, realize additional efficiencies, strengthen our competitiveness and fuel future growth. In February 2026, in conjunction with our previously announced internal investigation into employee misconduct in Japan, we voluntarily suspended new sales activity at Prudential of Japan for a 90-day period, commencing February 9, 2026. See Litigation and Regulatory Matters Regulatory within Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Results of Operations by Segment International Businesses below for additional information. 41 Table of Contents Business Outlook We feel confident about our prospects for the future based on the foundation of our integrated and complementary businesses. We are focused on evolving our strategy to transform our market-leading businesses to become a higher growth, more capital efficient company. We plan to continue investing in growth businesses and markets around the world, delivering industry-leading customer and client experiences, and creating the next generation of financial solutions. The businesses drive our company s performance, value and growth, and are organized around the markets we serve with solutions in investing, insurance, and retirement security. Specific outlook considerations for each of our businesses include the following: PGIM. Our global investment management business, PGIM, is focused on maintaining strong investment performance while leveraging the scale of its approximately $1.466 trillion of assets under management and diversified global operations. We are currently centralizing our distribution channels and unifying our asset management capabilities to better serve our clients and support sustainable growth. In addition, we remain focused on broadening our market share through acquisitions and organic initiatives, including providing asset management services to third-party reinsurers. In addition to serving third-party institutional and retail clients, we provide our U.S. and International businesses with a competitive advantage through our investment expertise across a broad array of asset classes, including public and private asset class capabilities. Underpinning our growth strategy is our ability to continue to deliver robust investment performance and to attract and retain high-caliber investment talent. Retirement Strategies. We remain focused on helping customers meet their investment and retirement needs by expanding access to retirement security and broadening distribution through new relationships, platforms and advisors. Our Institutional Retirement Strategies business continues to be focused on providing products that respond to the needs of plan sponsors, retirees, and annuitants while maintaining appropriate pricing and return expectations under changing market conditions. We expect our differentiated capabilities and execution to drive our business momentum in the pension risk transfer and international reinsurance markets; however, we expect that growth will not be linear due to the episodic nature of these transactions. In Individual Retirement Strategies, we continue to execute on our strategic pivot of replacing the intentional run-off of legacy variable annuities with new indexed and fixed annuity products that generate less volatile, and more capital efficient earnings. We continue to focus on expanding our diverse product portfolio and distribution channels to meet more of the growing demand among retail investors for protected growth and lifetime income. Group Insurance. We are a leading group benefits provider with a focus on further diversifying our portfolio by expanding our Premier Market and Association segments and growing voluntary supplemental health, including entering the medical stop loss market with coverage effective dates starting from January 1, 2025, while maintaining leadership in the National Market segment. We also continue to focus on deepening employer and participant relationships and investing in a best-in-class customer experience. Individual Life. We continue to focus on making life insurance solutions more accessible to financial professionals, partners and customers by providing a broad product portfolio, including growing the amount of accumulation and simplified protection product options, coupled with our multi-channel distribution capabilities. We have taken pricing and product actions to ensure we realize appropriate returns for the current economic environment and to diversify our product mix to further limit our sensitivity to interest rates. International Businesses. We remain focused on meeting customers evolving protection, retirement, and savings needs as well as maintaining the underlying strength of our distribution channels. Our strategy is to strengthen our position in Japan and we remain committed to optimizing our existing operations. External and Economic Factors Industry Trends Our businesses are impacted by financial markets, economic conditions, regulatory oversight, and a variety of trends that affect the industries in which we compete. 42 Table of Contents Financial and Economic Environment: PGIM. After a period of significantly increased interest rates and volatile economic conditions in 2022 and 2023, we experienced a modest decline in rates during 2024 and 2025, combined with improved equity market conditions and a slight rebound in the commercial real estate industry. While the economic outlook has improved, interest rate movements remain uncertain and the real estate market is in a modest recovery. We expect that a stabilized or declining rate environment over time will positively impact PGIM, particularly as investors reallocate record-high money market assets to fixed income, real estate, and other higher-yielding asset classes. Conversely, a deterioration in market conditions (e.g., equity market declines, higher interest rates, credit spread widening or real estate value declines) could lead to lower fee-based revenues, incentive fees taking longer to be realized and losses in our seed and co-investments. An economic downturn could also have impacts on real estate prices as well as transaction volumes in certain private asset classes. In addition, the continued shift from active strategies to passive index products, particularly in equities, could present additional headwinds for active managers such as PGIM. We believe PGIM s uniquely diversified global platform is well positioned to be resilient in the face of market and industry headwinds. U.S. Businesses. Through 2021, interest rates in the U.S. had experienced a prolonged period of historically low levels. This was followed by significant increases in 2022 through 2023. While there have been modest declines in 2024 and 2025, rates have sustained higher levels relative to historical periods. We expect that a continued level of relative higher interest rates will benefit our results over time. We continue to monitor current market conditions and the potential impact to our businesses in the event of slowing or negative economic growth. In addition, we are subject to financial impacts associated with movements in equity markets and the evolution of the credit cycle as discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. International Businesses. Interest rates in Japan experienced a prolonged period of historically low levels, negatively impacting our net investment spread results and reinvestment yields; however, beginning in 2024, the Bank of Japan began raising its key short-term interest rates, marking their highest levels since September 1995. We expect that a continued level of higher interest rates will benefit our results over time. In addition, we are subject to financial impacts associated with movements in foreign currency rates, particularly the Japanese yen. Fluctuations in the value of the yen can impact the relative attractiveness to customers of both yen-denominated and non-yen denominated products thereby impacting both sales and surrenders. In addition, we are subject to financial impacts associated with movements in equity markets and the evolution of the credit cycle as discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Brazil s life insurance industry is supported by a stable economic outlook and its long-term growth prospects remain strong as economic conditions show sustained growth. Demographics: PGIM. An aging global population has led to more de-risking across institutional and individual investor portfolios as well as increased demand for higher-yielding investments that deliver income to meet retirement needs. As a result, investors are increasing their allocations to public and private fixed income assets, where PGIM is a global market leader. As employers, particularly in the U.S. and the U.K., continue to transition from defined benefit pensions to defined contribution plans as their primary retirement vehicles, there is a growing need for personalized retirement solutions that can help improve individual retirement security. Asset managers, such as PGIM, will play a critical role in partnering with governments, corporations, and individuals globally to deliver the investment and advice capabilities required to address this challenge. U.S. Businesses. Individual customer demographics continue to evolve and new opportunities present themselves in different consumer segments such as the millennial and multicultural markets. Consumer expectations and preferences are changing. We believe existing and potential customers are increasingly looking for cost-effective solutions that they can easily understand and access through technology-enabled devices. At the same time, income protection, wealth accumulation and the needs of retiring baby boomers are continuing to shape the insurance industry. A persistent retirement security gap exists in terms of both savings and protection. International Businesses. Japan has an aging population as well as a large pool of household assets invested in low-yielding deposit and savings vehicles. The aging of Japan s population, along with strains on government pension and healthcare programs, have led to a growing demand for products that provide financial solutions for retirement, investment and wealth transfer, as well as for health-related products. Brazil, the largest country by population in South 43 Table of Contents America, is experiencing rising life expectancy and an expanding middle class, along with increasing disposable income and greater financial awareness. These trends drive demand for life insurance products that prioritize financial security, wealth preservation, and retirement planning, and underscore the need for diversified solutions, including protection-oriented, savings, and health related policies. Regulatory Environment . See Business Regulation for a discussion of regulatory developments that may impact the Company and the associated risks. Competitive Environment . See Business for a discussion of the competitive environment and the basis on which we compete in each of our segments. Impact of Changes in the Interest Rate Environment As a global financial services company, market interest rates are a key driver of our liquidity and capital positions, cash flows, results of operations and financial position. Changes in interest rates can affect these in several ways, including favorable or adverse impacts to: investment-related activity, including: investment income returns, net investment spread results, new money rates, mortgage loan prepayments and bond redemptions; the valuation of fixed income investments and derivative instruments; collateral posting requirements, hedging costs and other risk mitigation activities; customer account values and assets under management, including their impacts on fee-related income; insurance reserve levels, including market risk benefits ( MRBs ), and market experience true-ups; policyholder behavior, including surrender or withdrawal activity; product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix; and the fair value of, and possible impairments on, intangible assets such as goodwill. In order to manage the impacts that changes in interest rates have on our net investment spread, we employ a proactive asset/liability management program, which includes strategic asset allocation and hedging strategies within a disciplined risk management framework. These strategies seek to match the liability characteristics of our products and to closely approximate the interest rate sensitivity of assets with that of product liabilities. We also manage duration gaps, currency and other risks between assets and liabilities through the use of derivatives, and adjust these strategies as products, customer behavior, and market conditions evolve. Our interest rate exposure is also mitigated by our business mix, which includes lines of business where fee-based and insurance underwriting earnings play a more prominent role in product profitability. We also regularly examine our product offerings and may reprice or discontinue sales of certain products that do not meet our profit expectations. Additionally, in our Japanese operations, our diverse product portfolio in terms of currency mix and premium payment structure allows us to further manage any impacts from changes in the interest rate environment. For additional information regarding sales within our Japanese operations, see International Businesses Sales Results, below. For additional information regarding interest rate risks, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Market Risk and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Foreign currency exchange rate movements and related hedging strategies As a U.S.-based company with significant business operations outside the U.S., particularly in Japan, we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate movements that could impact our United States dollar ( USD )-equivalent shareholder return on equity. We seek to mitigate this impact through various hedging strategies, including holding USD-denominated assets in certain of our foreign subsidiaries. In order to reduce equity volatility from foreign currency exchange rate movements, we primarily utilize a yen hedging strategy that calibrates the hedge level to preserve the relative contribution of our yen-based business to the Company s overall return on equity on a leverage neutral basis. We implement this hedging strategy utilizing a variety of instruments, including USD-denominated assets and dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments held locally in our Japanese insurance subsidiaries. The total hedge level may vary based on our periodic assessment of the relative contribution of our yen-based business to the Company s overall return on equity. 44 Table of Contents The table below presents the aggregate amount of instruments that serve to hedge the impact of foreign currency exchange movements on our USD-equivalent shareholder return on equity from our Japanese insurance subsidiaries as of the dates indicated. December 31, 2025 2024 (in billions) Foreign currency hedging instruments: USD-denominated assets associated with yen-based entities(1) $ 7.5 $ 6.1 Dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments(2) 0.3 0.3 Total foreign currency hedges $ 7.8 $ 6.4 __________ (1) Includes USD-denominated fixed maturities at amortized cost plus any related accrued investment income, as well as USD notional amount of foreign currency derivative contracts outstanding. Note this amount represents only those USD assets serving to hedge the impact of foreign currency volatility on equity. Separate from this program, our Japanese operations also have $90.0 billion and $83.2 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, of USD-denominated assets supporting USD-denominated liabilities related to USD-denominated products. (2) Dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments are held by our yen-based entities in the form of fixed maturities and loans with a yen-denominated principal component and USD-denominated interest income. The amounts shown represent the present value of future USD-denominated cash flows. The USD-denominated investments that hedge the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on USD-equivalent shareholder return on equity from our Japanese insurance operations are reported within yen-based entities and, as a result, foreign currency exchange rate movements will impact their value reported within our yen-based Japanese insurance entities. We seek to mitigate the risk that future unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate movements will decrease the value of these USD-denominated investments reported within our yen-based Japanese insurance entities, and therefore negatively impact their equity and regulatory solvency margins, by having our Japanese insurance operations enter into currency hedging transactions with a subsidiary of Prudential Financial. These hedging strategies have the economic effect of moving the change in value of these USD-denominated investments due to foreign currency exchange rate movements from our Japanese yen-based entities to our USD-based entities. These USD-denominated investments also pay a coupon which is generally higher than what a similar yen-denominated investment would pay. The incremental impact of this higher yield on our USD-denominated investments, as well as our dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments, will vary over time, and is dependent on the duration of the underlying investments as well as interest rate environments in both the U.S. and Japan at the time of the investments. Impact of intercompany foreign currency exchange rate arrangements on segment results of operations The financial results of our International Businesses and PGIM reflect the impact of intercompany arrangements with our Corporate and Other operations pursuant to which these segments non-USD-denominated earnings are translated at fixed currency exchange rates that are predetermined during the third quarter of the prior year using forward currency exchange rates. Results of our Corporate and Other operations include differences between the translation adjustments recorded by the segments at the fixed currency exchange rate versus the actual average rate during the period. In addition, specific to our International Businesses where we hedge certain currencies utilizing forward currency contracts with third parties, the results of our Corporate and Other operations also include the impact of any gains or losses recorded from these contracts that settled during the period, which include the impact of any over or under hedging of actual earnings that differ from projected earnings. The table below presents, for the periods indicated, the increase (decrease) to revenues and adjusted operating income for our International Businesses, PGIM and Corporate and Other operations, reflecting the impact of these intercompany arrangements. 45 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Segment impacts of intercompany arrangements: International Businesses $ (16) $ (8) $ (28) PGIM (2) 3 1 Impact of intercompany arrangements(1) (18) (5) (27) Corporate and Other: Impact of intercompany arrangements(1) 18 5 27 Settlement gains (losses) on forward currency contracts(2) (11) (11) (31) Net benefit (detriment) to Corporate and Other 7 (6) (4) Net impact on consolidated revenues and adjusted operating income $ (11) $ (11) $ (31) __________ (1) Represents the difference between non-USD-denominated earnings translated on the basis of weighted average monthly currency exchange rates versus fixed currency exchange rates determined in connection with the foreign currency income hedging program. (2) The total notional amount of these forward currency contracts within our Corporate and Other operations was $0.8 billion as of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. Impact of products denominated in non-local currencies on U.S. GAAP earnings While our international insurance operations offer products denominated in local currency, several also offer products denominated in non-local currencies. This is most notable in our Japanese operations, which currently offer primarily USD-denominated products, but have also historically offered Australian dollar ( AUD )-denominated products. The non-local currency-denominated insurance liabilities related to these products are supported by investments denominated in corresponding currencies, including a significant portion designated as available-for-sale. While the impact from foreign currency exchange rate movements on these non-local currency-denominated assets and liabilities is economically matched, differences in the accounting for changes in the value of these assets and liabilities due to changes in foreign currency exchange rate movements have historically resulted in volatility in U.S. GAAP earnings. As a result, we implemented a structure in certain of our Japanese operations that disaggregated the USD- and AUD-denominated businesses into separate divisions, each with its own functional currency that aligns with the underlying products and investments. The result of this alignment was to reduce differences in the accounting for changes in the value of these assets and liabilities that arise due to changes in foreign currency exchange rate movements. For the USD- and AUD-denominated assets that were transferred under this structure, the net cumulative unrealized investment gains associated with foreign exchange remeasurement that were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( AOCI ) totaled $1.0 billion and $1.1 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and will be recognized in earnings within Realized investment gains (losses), net over time as these assets mature or are sold. Absent the sale of any of these assets prior to their stated maturity, approximately 5% of the $1.0 billion balance as of December 31, 2025 will be recognized in 2026, approximately 3% will be recognized in 2027, and the remaining balance will be recognized from 2028 through 2051. Highly inflationary economy Enterprise Group, our strategic investment in Ghana, has historically utilized the Ghanaian cedi as its functional currency given it is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. In the fourth quarter of 2023, Ghana experienced a cumulative inflation rate that exceeded 100% over a 3-year period. As a result, Ghana s economy was deemed to be highly inflationary, resulting in reporting changes effective January 1, 2024. Under U.S. GAAP, the financial statements of a foreign entity in a highly inflationary economy are to be remeasured as if its functional currency (formerly the Ghanaian cedi) is the reporting currency of its parent reporting entity (the USD) on a prospective basis. While this changed how the results of Enterprise Group were remeasured and/or translated into USD, the impact to our financial statements was not material nor is it expected to have a material impact to our financial statements in future periods given the relative size of the investment. 46 Table of Contents Results of Operations Consolidated Results of Operations The following section provides a comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations on a U.S. GAAP basis for the periods indicated. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) REVENUES Premiums $ 30,797 $ 42,897 $ 27,364 Policy charges and fee income 4,666 4,298 4,527 Net investment income 21,473 19,909 17,865 Asset management and service fees 4,019 4,090 3,717 Other income (loss) 4,426 3,037 4,065 Realized investment gains (losses), net (4,132) (3,429) (3,615) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses) (475) (397) 56 Total revenues 60,774 70,405 53,979 BENEFITS AND EXPENSES Policyholders benefits 35,224 47,119 30,931 Change in estimates of liability for future policy benefits 103 (37) 337 Interest credited to policyholders account balances 5,068 4,582 3,983 Dividends to policyholders 1,076 698 1,069 Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 1,635 1,492 1,459 Goodwill impairment 0 0 177 General and administrative expenses 13,012 13,342 12,951 Total benefits and expenses 56,118 67,196 50,907 INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF JOINT VENTURES AND OTHER OPERATING ENTITIES 4,656 3,209 3,072 Total income tax expense (benefit) 1,053 507 613 INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF JOINT VENTURES AND OTHER OPERATING ENTITIES 3,603 2,702 2,459 Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities, net of taxes 129 144 49 NET INCOME (LOSS) 3,732 2,846 2,508 Less: Income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests 156 119 20 NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. $ 3,576 $ 2,727 $ 2,488 2025 to 2024 Annual Comparison Net income (loss) attributable to Prudential Financial, Inc. increased $849 million, inclusive of a $546 million unfavorable variance from income taxes, primarily driven by the increase in pre-tax earnings, as