=== BMRN_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as information provided elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider that information before you make an investment decision. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements after completion of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect later events or circumstances or the occurrence of unanticipated events. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows or stock price. Discussion of the risks listed below, and other risks that we face, are discussed in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Business and Operational Risks Our success depends on our ability to manage our growth and execute our corporate strategy. If we fail to develop new products and product candidates or compete successfully with respect to acquisitions, joint ventures, licenses or other collaboration opportunities, our ability to continue to expand our product pipeline and our growth and development would be impaired. We have in the past and may in the future pursue acquisitions of other companies or businesses, which could divert our management's attention, fail to achieve the anticipated benefits and/or expose us to other risks or difficulties. If we do not achieve our projected development goals in the timeframes we announce or fail to achieve such goals, the commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed or never occur and the credibility of our management may be adversely affected and, as a result, our stock price may decline. If we fail to compete successfully with respect to product sales, we may be unable to generate sufficient sales to recover our expenses related to the development of a product program or to justify continued marketing of a product and our revenues could be adversely affected. If we fail to obtain and maintain an adequate level of coverage and reimbursement for our products by third-party payers, the sales of our products would be adversely affected or there may be no commercially viable markets for our products. Because the target patient populations for our products are relatively small, we must achieve significant market share and maintain high per-patient prices for our products to achieve and maintain profitability. Changes in methods of treatment of disease or failure of our products to gain acceptance by patients or the medical community could negatively impact demand for our products and adversely affect revenues. Amicus Acquisition Risks The pending Amicus Acquisition may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or terms, or at all. We may not realize the anticipated benefits from the pending Amicus Acquisition. 3 The pendency of the Amicus Acquisition could adversely affect our and/or Amicus' businesses and operations. We expect to incur material expenses related to the Amicus Acquisition. We may not realize the anticipated cost savings from the Amicus Acquisition. Regulatory Risks If we fail to obtain regulatory approval to commercially market and sell our product candidates, or if approval of our product candidates is delayed, we will be unable to generate revenues from the sale of these product candidates, our potential for generating positive cash flow will be diminished, and the capital necessary to fund our operations will increase. Any product for which we have obtained regulatory approval, or for which we obtain approval in the future, is subject to, or will be subject to, extensive ongoing regulatory requirements by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the European Commission (EC), the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and other comparable international regulatory authorities, and if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, we may be subject to penalties, we will be unable to generate revenues from the sale of such products, our potential for generating positive cash flow will be diminished, and the capital necessary to fund our operations will be increased. To obtain regulatory approval to market our products, preclinical studies and costly and lengthy clinical trials are required and the results of the studies and trials are highly uncertain. Likewise, preliminary, initial or interim data from clinical trials should be considered carefully and with caution because the final data may be materially different from the preliminary, initial or interim data, particularly as more patient data become available. Government price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our current and future products, which would adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Government healthcare reform could increase our costs and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Financial and Financing Risks If we fail to obtain the capital necessary to fund our operations, our financial results and financial condition will be adversely affected and we will have to delay or terminate some or all of our product development programs. We have incurred in the past and may in the future incur substantial indebtedness that may decrease our business flexibility, access to capital, and/or increase our borrowing costs, which may adversely affect our operations and financial results. Manufacturing Risks If we fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial results and financial condition will be adversely affected. If we are unable to successfully develop and maintain manufacturing processes for our product candidates to produce sufficient quantities at acceptable costs, we may be unable to support a clinical trial or be forced to terminate a program, or if we are unable to produce sufficient quantities of our products at acceptable costs, we may be unable to meet commercial demand, lose potential revenue, have reduced margins or be forced to terminate a program. Supply interruptions may disrupt our inventory levels and the availability of our products and product candidates and cause delays in obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates, or harm our business by reducing our revenues. Risks Related to International Operations We conduct a significant amount of our operations and generate a significant percentage of our sales outside of the U.S., which subjects us to additional business risks that could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. A significant portion of our international sales are made based on special access programs, and changes to these programs could adversely affect our product sales and revenues in these countries. Our international operations pose currency risks, which may adversely affect our operating results and net income. Intellectual Property Risks If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may not be able to compete effectively or preserve our market shares. Competitors and other third parties may have developed intellectual property that could limit our ability to market and commercialize our products and product candidates, if approved. 4 Table of Contents Part I Item 1. Business Overview BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BioMarin, we, us or our) is a leading, global rare disease biotechnology company focused on delivering medicines for people living with genetically defined conditions. Our San Rafael, California-based company, founded in 1997, has a proven track record of innovation, with eight commercial therapies and a strong clinical and preclinical pipeline. Using a distinctive approach to drug discovery and development, we seek to unleash the full potential of genetic science by pursuing category-defining medicines that have a profound impact on patients. Recent Developments In 2025, we achieved $3.2 billion in total revenues, including a significant contribution from our ongoing expansion of VOXZOGO, and we continued to grow our commercial business and advance our product candidate pipeline. We believe that the combination of our internal research programs, partnerships and acquisitions of external assets will allow us to continue to develop and commercialize innovative therapies for patients with serious and life-threatening rare diseases and medical conditions. We periodically conduct strategic portfolio assessments of research and development programs to determine which we believe have the strongest combination of scientific merit, opportunity for commercial success and potential value creation for stockholders. Based on such strategic portfolio assessments, certain programs that do not meet our threshold for further development and commercialization could be discontinued. In December 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (Amicus), a publicly traded, global, biotechnology company for $14.50 per share in an all-cash transaction for a total consideration of approximately $4.8 billion. The pending acquisition is expected to strengthen our commercial portfolio by adding two new therapies for the treatment of Fabry disease and late-onset Pompe disease. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2026, subject to regulatory clearances, approval by the stockholders of Amicus and other customary closing conditions. We intend to finance the transaction through a combination of cash on hand and approximately $3.7 billion of non-convertible debt financing. In December 2025, we entered into a debt financing commitment letter and related fee letter with certain lenders, pursuant to which the lenders have committed to provide us with debt financing up to approximately $3.7 billion (the Bridge Commitment) in the form of a 364-day senior secured bridge loan facility (Bridge Facility) for the pending acquisition of Amicus. No amounts had been drawn or were outstanding under the Bridge Commitment as of December 31, 2025. In February 2026, we issued $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.5% senior unsecured notes due 2034 (the 2034 Notes), and the proceeds from the issuance were deposited into an escrow account that will be used to finance the pending acquisition of Amicus. In connection with the issuance of the 2034 Notes, the Bridge Commitment was reduced from approximately $3.7 billion to $2.8 billion. In place of the Bridge Facility, we also expect to enter into a senior secured term loan facility for approximately $2.8 billion in aggregate principal and a new $600.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility in 2026 that will be executed prior to or concurrently with the closing of the pending Amicus acquisition. See Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources" below for additional information. In October 2025, we announced our plan to pursue options to divest ROCTAVIAN, including exploring out-licensing opportunities. Subsequently in December 2025, we committed to a plan to voluntarily withdraw ROCTAVIAN from the market due to lower than previously anticipated commercial opportunities. In connection with this strategic decision, we recorded approximately $240.0 million of restructuring charges in 2025 comprised of an inventory write-off, impairment of long-lived assets, severance and other costs. See Note 19 to our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. In July 2025, we completed the acquisition of Inozyme Pharma, Inc. (Inozyme), a publicly traded clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing innovative therapeutics. The acquisition is intended to strengthen our enzyme therapies portfolio by adding a late-stage enzyme replacement therapy, BMN 401 (formerly INZ-701), for the treatment of ectonucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase 1 (ENPP1) deficiency. We accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition since the lead asset, BMN 401, represents substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired. See Note 20 to our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to Inozyme acquisition. 5 Commercial Products Commercial Products Indication 2025 Net Product Revenues (in millions of U.S. Dollars) VOXZOGO (vosoritide) Achondroplasia $ 926.9 Enzyme Therapies: VIMIZIM (elosulfase alpha) Mucopolysaccharidosis (MPS) IVA $ 792.1 NAGLAZYME (galsulfase) MPS VI $ 485.4 PALYNZIQ (pegvaliase-pqpz) Phenylketonuria (PKU) $ 433.3 ALDURAZYME (laronidase) MPS I $ 208.5 BRINEURA (cerliponase alfa) Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) $ 186.4 KUVAN (sapropterin dihydrochloride) PKU $ 99.6 ROCTAVIAN (valoctocogene roxaparvovec) (1) Severe Hemophilia A $ 35.6 (1) In 2026, we announced that we will no longer market ROCTAVIAN. See Note 19 to our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. VOXZOGO VOXZOGO is a once daily injection analog of C-type Natriuretic Peptide (CNP) for the treatment of achondroplasia, the most common form of disproportionate short stature in humans. In patients with achondroplasia, endochondral bone growth, an essential process by which bone tissue is created, is negatively regulated due to a gain of function mutation in fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 gene (FGFR3). VOXZOGO acts as a positive regulator of the signaling pathway downstream of FGFR3 to promote endochondral bone growth. VOXZOGO is approved for marketing in the U.S. and Japan for the treatment of achondroplasia in children with open growth plates of all ages, in the European Union (EU) for the treatment of children with open growth plates aged four months and older, and in other markets, including Australia and Brazil, for patients in various age ranges. We continue to research VOXZOGO s safety and effectiveness in children with achondroplasia while also advancing development across our CANOPY clinical program with VOXZOGO for the treatment of conditions beyond achondroplasia, including hypochondroplasia, idiopathic short stature, Noonan syndrome, Turner syndrome, and SHOX deficiency. Please see Research and Development Programs VOXZOGO in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Please see Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks related to VOXZOGO in the U.S. and international markets. VIMIZIM VIMIZIM is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of MPS IVA, a lysosomal storage disorder. MPS IVA is a disease characterized by deficient activity of N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase (GALNS) causing excessive lysosomal storage of certain complex carbohydrates known as glycosaminoglycans (GAGs), such as keratan sulfate and chondroitin sulfate. This excessive storage causes a systemic skeletal dysplasia, short stature, and joint abnormalities, which limit mobility and endurance. Malformation of the chest impairs respiratory function, and looseness of joints in the neck cause spinal instability and potentially spinal cord compression. Other symptoms may include hearing loss, corneal clouding, and heart disease. Initial symptoms often become evident in the first five years of life. The disease substantially limits both the quality and length of life of those affected. VIMIZIM is approved for marketing in the U.S., the EU and other international markets. NAGLAZYME NAGLAZYME is a recombinant form of N-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase (arylsulfatase B) indicated for patients with MPS VI. MPS VI is a debilitating life-threatening genetic disease for which no other drug treatment currently exists and is caused by the deficiency of arylsulfatase B, an enzyme normally required for the breakdown of GAGs. Patients with MPS VI typically become progressively worse and experience multiple severe and debilitating symptoms resulting from the build-up of carbohydrate residues in tissues in the body. These symptoms include: inhibited growth, spinal cord compression, enlarged liver and spleen, joint deformities and reduced range of motion, skeletal deformities, impaired cardiovascular function, upper airway obstruction, reduced pulmonary function, frequent ear and lung infections, impaired hearing and vision, sleep apnea, malaise and reduced endurance. 6 NAGLAZYME is approved for marketing in the U.S., the EU and other international markets. PALYNZIQ PALYNZIQ is a PEGylated recombinant phenylalanine (Phe) ammonia lyase enzyme, which is delivered through subcutaneous injection to reduce blood Phe concentrations. PALYNZIQ is our second approved treatment for PKU. PKU is caused by a deficiency of activity of an enzyme, phenylalanine hydroxylase (PAH), which is required for the metabolism of Phe. PKU can be managed by a Phe-restricted diet, which is supplemented by nutritional replacement products, like formulas and specially manufactured foods; however, it is difficult for most patients to adhere to the strict diet to the extent needed for achieving adequate control of blood Phe levels. PALYNZIQ is approved for marketing in the U.S. for adult patients with PKU who have uncontrolled blood Phe concentrations greater than 600 micromol/L on existing management. PALYNZIQ is also approved for marketing in the EU, Australia, and Brazil for patients ages 16 and older who have inadequate blood Phe control (blood Phe concentrations greater than 600 micromol/L) despite prior management with available treatment options. In the U.S., PALYNZIQ is only available through the PALYNZIQ Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) program, which is required by the FDA to mitigate the risk of anaphylaxis while using the product. Notable requirements of our REMS program include the following: prescribers must be certified by enrolling in the REMS program and completing training; prescribers must prescribe auto-injectable epinephrine with PALYNZIQ; pharmacies must be certified with the REMS program and must dispense PALYNZIQ only to patients who are authorized to receive it; patients must enroll in the REMS program and be educated about the risk of anaphylaxis by a certified prescriber to ensure they understand the risks and benefits of treatment with PALYNZIQ; and patients must have auto-injectable epinephrine available at all times while taking PALYNZIQ. In 2025, we reported positive data from the PALYNZIQ Phase 3 PEGASUS study in 12- to 17-year-olds demonstrating statistically significant reductions in blood Phe lowering compared to diet alone for adolescents with PKU. Please see Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks posed by the REMS program. ALDURAZYME ALDURAZYME is a highly purified protein that is designed to be identical to a naturally occurring form of the human enzyme alpha-L-iduronidase, a lysosomal enzyme normally required for the breakdown of GAGs. MPS I is a progressive and debilitating life-threatening genetic disease that is caused by the deficiency of alpha-L-iduronidase. Patients with MPS I typically become progressively worse and experience multiple severe and debilitating symptoms resulting from the build-up of carbohydrate residues in all tissues in the body. These symptoms include: inhibited growth, delayed and regressed mental development (in the severe form of the disease), enlarged liver and spleen, joint deformities and reduced range of motion, impaired cardiovascular function, upper airway obstruction, reduced pulmonary function, frequent ear and lung infections, impaired hearing and vision, sleep apnea, malaise and reduced endurance. We developed ALDURAZYME through collaboration with Sanofi. Under our collaboration agreement with Sanofi, we are responsible for manufacturing ALDURAZYME and supplying it to Sanofi. We receive payments ranging from 39.5% to 50% on worldwide net ALDURAZYME sales by Sanofi depending on sales volume. Sanofi and BioMarin are members of BioMarin/Genzyme LLC, a 50/50 limited liability company (the BioMarin/Genzyme LLC) that: (1) holds the intellectual property relating to ALDURAZYME and other collaboration products and licenses all such intellectual property on a royalty-free basis to Sanofi and BioMarin to allow us to exercise our rights and perform our obligations under the agreements related to the BioMarin/Genzyme LLC, and (2) engages in research and development activities that are mutually selected and funded by Sanofi and us. ALDURAZYME is approved for marketing in the U.S., the EU and other international markets. BRINEURA BRINEURA is a recombinant human tripeptidyl peptidase 1 (TPP1) for the treatment of patients with CLN2, a form of Batten disease. CLN2 is an incurable, rapidly progressive disease that typically ends in patient death by 10-12 years of age. Patients are initially healthy but begin to decline at approximately the age of three. BRINEURA is the first treatment approved to 7 slow the progression of loss of ambulation in children with CLN2 disease and was one of the first therapies to go through an accelerated review procedure in the EU. BRINEURA is administered via intracerebroventricular (ICV) infusion and intended to be used in combination with a delivery device, such as an injector or other delivery system. Please see Government Regulation Regulation of Approved Products Combination Products and Companion Diagnostics in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on combination products. BRINEURA is approved for marketing in the U.S. and in the EU for children of all ages and in other international markets. KUVAN KUVAN is a proprietary synthetic oral form of 6R-BH4, a naturally occurring enzyme co-factor for PAH, indicated for patients with PKU. KUVAN is the first drug for the treatment of PKU, which is an inherited metabolic disease. KUVAN is approved for marketing in the U.S., the EU and other international markets (excluding Japan). In certain international markets, KUVAN is also approved for, or is only approved for, the treatment of primary BH4 deficiency, a different disorder than PKU. Generic versions of KUVAN are available in several countries around the world, including multiple generic versions in the U.S. and the EU. Several generic versions of KUVAN have also been approved either centrally by the European Commission (EC) or on a country-by-country basis throughout the EU. Please see Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks posed by generic versions of KUVAN in the U.S. and international markets. ROCTAVIAN ROCTAVIAN is an adeno associated virus (AAV5) vector gene therapy designed to restore factor VIII plasma concentrations in patients with severe hemophilia A. ROCTAVIAN was conditionally approved by the EC in August 2022 and approved by the FDA in the U.S. in June 2023. Please see Government Regulation Adaptive Pathways in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on conditional marketing authorizations. In October 2025, we announced our plan to pursue options to divest ROCTAVIAN, including exploring out-licensing opportunities. Subsequently in December 2025, we committed to a plan to voluntarily withdraw ROCTAVIAN from the market due to lower than previously anticipated commercial opportunities. In connection with this strategic decision, we recorded approximately $240 million of restructuring charges in 2025 comprised of an inventory write-off, impairment of long-lived assets, severance and other costs. See Note 19 to our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details . Research and Development Programs We have multiple clinical and preclinical product candidates in various stages of development that are intended to address the root causes of genetic conditions with a significant unmet medical need. Generally, our development programs have well-understood biology and provide an opportunity to be first-to-market or offer a substantial benefit over existing treatment options. A summary of our key clinical stage programs is provided below. VOXZOGO In 2025, we continued to advance development across our CANOPY clinical program with VOXZOGO for the treatment of hypochondroplasia, idiopathic short stature, Noonan syndrome, Turner syndrome, and SHOX deficiency, including a pivotal Phase 3 study in hypochondroplasia and Phase 2 studies in idiopathic short stature, Noonan syndrome, Turner syndrome, and SHOX deficiency. BMN 333 BMN 333 is a longer-acting CNP in development for the treatment of multiple growth disorders, including achondroplasia and hypochondroplasia. We initiated the first-in-human study of BMN 333 in January 2025. In 2025, we accelerated development of BMN 333 with Phase 1 pharmacokinetic data exceeding targeted free CNP exposure levels. BMN 351 BMN 351 is our next-generation oligonucleotide in development for the treatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). We completed enrollment into the first and second dose cohorts in late 2024. In 2025, we progressed BMN 351 with initial 8 Phase 1/2 data demonstrating 5.0% mean absolute dystrophin expression (without double-correction for histologic adjustment for muscle content) at week 25 in the 9 mg/kg cohort. BMN 401 In 2025, we acquired BMN 401 (formerly INZ-701) through our acquisition of Inozyme. BMN 401 is a soluble, recombinant, or genetically engineered, ENPP1 fusion protein that is designed to increase inorganic pyrophosphate (PPi) and adenosine, to enable the potential treatment of multiple diseases caused by deficiencies in these molecules. By targeting the PPi-Adenosine Pathway, BMN 401 aims to correct pathologic mineralization and intimal proliferation, addressing the significant morbidity and mortality in these devastating diseases. Manufacturing We manufacture the active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) for ALDURAZYME, NAGLAZYME, PALYNZIQ and VOXZOGO in our production facilities located in Novato, California. We manufacture the API for BRINEURA and VIMIZIM in our manufacturing facility in Shanbally, Cork, Ireland. Our Novato and Shanbally facilities have been inspected and have demonstrated compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) to the satisfaction of the FDA, the EC and health agencies in other countries. We also have installed aseptic filling and drug product packaging capabilities at the Shanbally site, which received EU approval in 2024. Additional regulatory inspections of this new drug product filling facility are planned and/or anticipated over the coming months. We contract with third parties to manufacture PALYNZIQ and KUVAN API. Additionally, most of our drug product manufacturing (which includes vials, syringes, tablets, and powder) is performed externally by contract manufacturers. We expect the volume mix to change as drug product filing operations initiate and expand in the Shanbally site. Packaging operations are effectively split between installed capacity at the Shanbally site and several contract manufacturers. We expect to continue to contract with outside service providers for certain manufacturing services, including drug substance, drug product, and packaging operations for our products. All of our facilities and those of any third-party manufacturers will be subject to periodic inspections confirming compliance with applicable law and must pass inspection before we can manufacture our drugs for commercial sale. Third-party manufacturers facilities are subject to periodic inspections to confirm compliance with applicable law and must be cGMP certified. We believe that our current agreements with third-party manufacturers and suppliers provide for ample operating capacity to support the anticipated clinical and commercial demand for these products. In certain instances, there is only one approved contract manufacturer for certain aspects of the manufacturing process. In such cases, we attempt to prevent disruption of supplies through supply agreements, maintaining safety stock and other appropriate strategies. Raw Materials Raw materials and supplies required to produce our products and product candidates are available in some instances from one supplier and in other instances from multiple suppliers. In those cases where raw materials are only available through one supplier, such supplier may be either a sole source (the only recognized supply source available to us) or a single source (the only approved supply source for us among other sources). We have adopted policies to attempt, to the extent feasible, to minimize our raw material supply risks, including maintenance of greater levels of raw materials inventory and implementation of multiple raw materials sourcing strategies, especially for critical raw materials. Although to date we have not experienced any significant delays in obtaining any raw materials from our suppliers, we cannot provide assurance that we will not face shortages from one or more of them in the future. Please see the risk factor, Supply interruptions may disrupt our inventory levels and the availa