=== BMRN_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as information provided elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider that information before you make an investment decision. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements after completion of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect later events or circumstances or the occurrence of unanticipated events. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows or stock price. Discussion of the risks listed below, and other risks that we face, are discussed in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Business and Operational Risks Our success depends on our ability to manage our growth and execute our corporate strategy. If we fail to develop new products and product candidates or compete successfully with respect to acquisitions, joint ventures, licenses or other collaboration opportunities, our ability to continue to expand our product pipeline and our growth and development would be impaired. We have in the past and may in the future pursue acquisitions of other companies or businesses, which could divert our management's attention, fail to achieve the anticipated benefits and/or expose us to other risks or difficulties. If we do not achieve our projected development goals in the timeframes we announce or fail to achieve such goals, the commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed or never occur and the credibility of our management may be adversely affected and, as a result, our stock price may decline. If we fail to compete successfully with respect to product sales, we may be unable to generate sufficient sales to recover our expenses related to the development of a product program or to justify continued marketing of a product and our revenues could be adversely affected. If we fail to obtain and maintain an adequate level of coverage and reimbursement for our products by third-party payers, the sales of our products would be adversely affected or there may be no commercially viable markets for our products. Because the target patient populations for our products are relatively small, we must achieve significant market share and maintain high per-patient prices for our products to achieve and maintain profitability. Changes in methods of treatment of disease or failure of our products to gain acceptance by patients or the medical community could negatively impact demand for our products and adversely affect revenues. Amicus Acquisition Risks The pending Amicus Acquisition may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or terms, or at all. We may not realize the anticipated benefits from the pending Amicus Acquisition. 3 The pendency of the Amicus Acquisition could adversely affect our and/or Amicus' businesses and operations. We expect to incur material expenses related to the Amicus Acquisition. We may not realize the anticipated cost savings from the Amicus Acquisition. Regulatory Risks If we fail to obtain regulatory approval to commercially market and sell our product candidates, or if approval of our product candidates is delayed, we will be unable to generate revenues from the sale of these product candidates, our potential for generating positive cash flow will be diminished, and the capital necessary to fund our operations will increase. Any product for which we have obtained regulatory approval, or for which we obtain approval in the future, is subject to, or will be subject to, extensive ongoing regulatory requirements by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the European Commission (EC), the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and other comparable international regulatory authorities, and if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, we may be subject to penalties, we will be unable to generate revenues from the sale of such products, our potential for generating positive cash flow will be diminished, and the capital necessary to fund our operations will be increased. To obtain regulatory approval to market our products, preclinical studies and costly and lengthy clinical trials are required and the results of the studies and trials are highly uncertain. Likewise, preliminary, initial or interim data from clinical trials should be considered carefully and with caution because the final data may be materially different from the preliminary, initial or interim data, particularly as more patient data become available. Government price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our current and future products, which would adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Government healthcare reform could increase our costs and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Financial and Financing Risks If we fail to obtain the capital necessary to fund our operations, our financial results and financial condition will be adversely affected and we will have to delay or terminate some or all of our product development programs. We have incurred in the past and may in the future incur substantial indebtedness that may decrease our business flexibility, access to capital, and/or increase our borrowing costs, which may adversely affect our operations and financial results. Manufacturing Risks If we fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial results and financial condition will be adversely affected. If we are unable to successfully develop and maintain manufacturing processes for our product candidates to produce sufficient quantities at acceptable costs, we may be unable to support a clinical trial or be forced to terminate a program, or if we are unable to produce sufficient quantities of our products at acceptable costs, we may be unable to meet commercial demand, lose potential revenue, have reduced margins or be forced to terminate a program. Supply interruptions may disrupt our inventory levels and the availability of our products and product candidates and cause delays in obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates, or harm our business by reducing our revenues. Risks Related to International Operations We conduct a significant amount of our operations and generate a significant percentage of our sales outside of the U.S., which subjects us to additional business risks that could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. A significant portion of our international sales are made based on special access programs, and changes to these programs could adversely affect our product sales and revenues in these countries. Our international operations pose currency risks, which may adversely affect our operating results and net income. Intellectual Property Risks If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may not be able to compete effectively or preserve our market shares. Competitors and other third parties may have developed intellectual property that could limit our ability to market and commercialize our products and product candidates, if approved. 4 Table of Contents Part I Item 1. Business Overview BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BioMarin, we, us or our) is a leading, global rare disease biotechnology company focused on delivering medicines for people living with genetically defined conditions. Our San Rafael, California-based company, founded in 1997, has a proven track record of innovation, with eight commercial therapies and a strong clinical and preclinical pipeline. Using a distinctive approach to drug discovery and development, we seek to unleash the full potential of genetic science by pursuing category-defining medicines that have a profound impact on patients. Recent Developments In 2025, we achieved $3.2 billion in total revenues, including a significant contribution from our ongoing expansion of VOXZOGO, and we continued to grow our commercial business and advance our product candidate pipeline. We believe that the combination of our internal research programs, partnerships and acquisitions of external assets will allow us to continue to develop and commercialize innovative therapies for patients with serious and life-threatening rare diseases and medical conditions. We periodically conduct strategic portfolio assessments of research and development programs to determine which we believe have the strongest combination of scientific merit, opportunity for commercial success and potential value creation for stockholders. Based on such strategic portfolio assessments, certain programs that do not meet our threshold for further development and commercialization could be discontinued. In December 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (Amicus), a publicly traded, global, biotechnology company for $14.50 per share in an all-cash transaction for a total consideration of approximately $4.8 billion. The pending acquisition is expected to strengthen our commercial portfolio by adding two new therapies for the treatment of Fabry disease and late-onset Pompe disease. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2026, subject to regulatory clearances, approval by the stockholders of Amicus and other customary closing conditions. We intend to finance the transaction through a combination of cash on hand and approximately $3.7 billion of non-convertible debt financing. In December 2025, we entered into a debt financing commitment letter and related fee letter with certain lenders, pursuant to which the lenders have committed to provide us with debt financing up to approximately $3.7 billion (the Bridge Commitment) in the form of a 364-day senior secured bridge loan facility (Bridge Facility) for the pending acquisition of Amicus. No amounts had been drawn or were outstanding under the Bridge Commitment as of December 31, 2025. In February 2026, we issued $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.5% senior unsecured notes due 2034 (the 2034 Notes), and the proceeds from the issuance were deposited into an escrow account that will be used to finance the pending acquisition of Amicus. In connection with the issuance of the 2034 Notes, the Bridge Commitment was reduced from approximately $3.7 billion to $2.8 billion. In place of the Bridge Facility, we also expect to enter into a senior secured term loan facility for approximately $2.8 billion in aggregate principal and a new $600.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility in 2026 that will be executed prior to or concurrently with the closing of the pending Amicus acquisition. See Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources" below for additional information. In October 2025, we announced our plan to pursue options to divest ROCTAVIAN, including exploring out-licensing opportunities. Subsequently in December 2025, we committed to a plan to voluntarily withdraw ROCTAVIAN from the market due to lower than previously anticipated commercial opportunities. In connection with this strategic decision, we recorded approximately $240.0 million of restructuring charges in 2025 comprised of an inventory write-off, impairment of long-lived assets, severance and other costs. See Note 19 to our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. In July 2025, we completed the acquisition of Inozyme Pharma, Inc. (Inozyme), a publicly traded clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing innovative therapeutics. The acquisition is intended to strengthen our enzyme therapies portfolio by adding a late-stage enzyme replacement therapy, BMN 401 (formerly INZ-701), for the treatment of ectonucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase 1 (ENPP1) deficiency. We accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition since the lead asset, BMN 401, represents substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired. See Note 20 to our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to Inozyme acquisition. 5 Commercial Products Commercial Products Indication 2025 Net Product Revenues (in millions of U.S. Dollars) VOXZOGO (vosoritide) Achondroplasia $ 926.9 Enzyme Therapies: VIMIZIM (elosulfase alpha) Mucopolysaccharidosis (MPS) IVA $ 792.1 NAGLAZYME (galsulfase) MPS VI $ 485.4 PALYNZIQ (pegvaliase-pqpz) Phenylketonuria (PKU) $ 433.3 ALDURAZYME (laronidase) MPS I $ 208.5 BRINEURA (cerliponase alfa) Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) $ 186.4 KUVAN (sapropterin dihydrochloride) PKU $ 99.6 ROCTAVIAN (valoctocogene roxaparvovec) (1) Severe Hemophilia A $ 35.6 (1) In 2026, we announced that we will no longer market ROCTAVIAN. See Note 19 to our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. VOXZOGO VOXZOGO is a once daily injection analog of C-type Natriuretic Peptide (CNP) for the treatment of achondroplasia, the most common form of disproportionate short stature in humans. In patients with achondroplasia, endochondral bone growth, an essential process by which bone tissue is created, is negatively regulated due to a gain of function mutation in fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 gene (FGFR3). VOXZOGO acts as a positive regulator of the signaling pathway downstream of FGFR3 to promote endochondral bone growth. VOXZOGO is approved for marketing in the U.S. and Japan for the treatment of achondroplasia in children with open growth plates of all ages, in the European Union (EU) for the treatment of children with open growth plates aged four months and older, and in other markets, including Australia and Brazil, for patients in various age ranges. We continue to research VOXZOGO s safety and effectiveness in children with achondroplasia while also advancing development across our CANOPY clinical program with VOXZOGO for the treatment of conditions beyond achondroplasia, including hypochondroplasia, idiopathic short stature, Noonan syndrome, Turner syndrome, and SHOX deficiency. Please see Research and Development Programs VOXZOGO in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Please see Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks related to VOXZOGO in the U.S. and international markets. VIMIZIM VIMIZIM is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of MPS IVA, a lysosomal storage disorder. MPS IVA is a disease characterized by deficient activity of N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase (GALNS) causing excessive lysosomal storage of certain complex carbohydrates known as glycosaminoglycans (GAGs), such as keratan sulfate and chondroitin sulfate. This excessive storage causes a systemic skeletal dysplasia, short stature, and joint abnormalities, which limit mobility and endurance. Malformation of the chest impairs respiratory function, and looseness of joints in the neck cause spinal instability and potentially spinal cord compression. Other symptoms may include hearing loss, corneal clouding, and heart disease. Initial symptoms often become evident in the first five years of life. The disease substantially limits both the quality and length of life of those affected. VIMIZIM is approved for marketing in the U.S., the EU and other international markets. NAGLAZYME NAGLAZYME is a recombinant form of N-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase (arylsulfatase B) indicated for patients with MPS VI. MPS VI is a debilitating life-threatening genetic disease for which no other drug treatment currently exists and is caused by the deficiency of arylsulfatase B, an enzyme normally required for the breakdown of GAGs. Patients with MPS VI typically become progressively worse and experience multiple severe and debilitating symptoms resulting from the build-up of carbohydrate residues in tissues in the body. These symptoms include: inhibited growth, spinal cord compression, enlarged liver and spleen, joint deformities and reduced range of motion, skeletal deformities, impaired cardiovascular function, upper airway obstruction, reduced pulmonary function, frequent ear and lung infections, impaired hearing and vision, sleep apnea, malaise and reduced endurance. 6 NAGLAZYME is approved for marketing in the U.S., the EU and other international markets. PALYNZIQ PALYNZIQ is a PEGylated recombinant phenylalanine (Phe) ammonia lyase enzyme, which is delivered through subcutaneous injection to reduce blood Phe concentrations. PALYNZIQ is our second approved treatment for PKU. PKU is caused by a deficiency of activity of an enzyme, phenylalanine hydroxylase (PAH), which is required for the metabolism of Phe. PKU can be managed by a Phe-restricted diet, which is supplemented by nutritional replacement products, like formulas and specially manufactured foods; however, it is difficult for most patients to adhere to the strict diet to the extent needed for achieving adequate control of blood Phe levels. PALYNZIQ is approved for marketing in the U.S. for adult patients with PKU who have uncontrolled blood Phe concentrations greater than 600 micromol/L on existing management. PALYNZIQ is also approved for marketing in the EU, Australia, and Brazil for patients ages 16 and older who have inadequate blood Phe control (blood Phe concentrations greater than 600 micromol/L) despite prior management with available treatment options. In the U.S., PALYNZIQ is only available through the PALYNZIQ Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) program, which is required by the FDA to mitigate the risk of anaphylaxis while using the product. Notable requirements of our REMS program include the following: prescribers must be certified by enrolling in the REMS program and completing training; prescribers must prescribe auto-injectable epinephrine with PALYNZIQ; pharmacies must be certified with the REMS program and must dispense PALYNZIQ only to patients who are authorized to receive it; patients must enroll in the REMS program and be educated about the risk of anaphylaxis by a certified prescriber to ensure they understand the risks and benefits of treatment with PALYNZIQ; and patients must have auto-injectable epinephrine available at all times while taking PALYNZIQ. In 2025, we reported positive data from the PALYNZIQ Phase 3 PEGASUS study in 12- to 17-year-olds demonstrating statistically significant reductions in blood Phe lowering compared to diet alone for adolescents with PKU. Please see Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks posed by the REMS program. ALDURAZYME ALDURAZYME is a highly purified protein that is designed to be identical to a naturally occurring form of the human enzyme alpha-L-iduronidase, a lysosomal enzyme normally required for the breakdown of GAGs. MPS I is a progressive and debilitating life-threatening genetic disease that is caused by the deficiency of alpha-L-iduronidase. Patients with MPS I typically become progressively worse and experience multiple severe and debilitating symptoms resulting from the build-up of carbohydrate residues in all tissues in the body. These symptoms include: inhibited growth, delayed and regressed mental development (in the severe form of the disease), enlarged liver and spleen, joint deformities and reduced range of motion, impaired cardiovascular function, upper airway obstruction, reduced pulmonary function, frequent ear and lung infections, impaired hearing and vision, sleep apnea, malaise and reduced endurance. We developed ALDURAZYME through collaboration with Sanofi. Under our collaboration agreement with Sanofi, we are responsible for manufacturing ALDURAZYME and supplying it to Sanofi. We receive payments ranging from 39.5% to 50% on worldwide net ALDURAZYME sales by Sanofi depending on sales volume. Sanofi and BioMarin are members of BioMarin/Genzyme LLC, a 50/50 limited liability company (the BioMarin/Genzyme LLC) that: (1) holds the intellectual property relating to ALDURAZYME and other collaboration products and licenses all such intellectual property on a royalty-free basis to Sanofi and BioMarin to allow us to exercise our rights and perform our obligations under the agreements related to the BioMarin/Genzyme LLC, and (2) engages in research and development activities that are mutually selected and funded by Sanofi and us. ALDURAZYME is approved for marketing in the U.S., the EU and other international markets. BRINEURA BRINEURA is a recombinant human tripeptidyl peptidase 1 (TPP1) for the treatment of patients with CLN2, a form of Batten disease. CLN2 is an incurable, rapidly progressive disease that typically ends in patient death by 10-12 years of age. Patients are initially healthy but begin to decline at approximately the age of three. BRINEURA is the first treatment approved to 7 slow the progression of loss of ambulation in children with CLN2 disease and was one of the first therapies to go through an accelerated review procedure in the EU. BRINEURA is administered via intracerebroventricular (ICV) infusion and intended to be used in combination with a delivery device, such as an injector or other delivery system. Please see Government Regulation Regulation of Approved Products Combination Products and Companion Diagnostics in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on combination products. BRINEURA is approved for marketing in the U.S. and in the EU for children of all ages and in other international markets. KUVAN KUVAN is a proprietary synthetic oral form of 6R-BH4, a naturally occurring enzyme co-factor for PAH, indicated for patients with PKU. KUVAN is the first drug for the treatment of PKU, which is an inherited metabolic disease. KUVAN is approved for marketing in the U.S., the EU and other international markets (excluding Japan). In certain international markets, KUVAN is also approved for, or is only approved for, the treatment of primary BH4 deficiency, a different disorder than PKU. Generic versions of KUVAN are available in several countries around the world, including multiple generic versions in the U.S. and the EU. Several generic versions of KUVAN have also been approved either centrally by the European Commission (EC) or on a country-by-country basis throughout the EU. Please see Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks posed by generic versions of KUVAN in the U.S. and international markets. ROCTAVIAN ROCTAVIAN is an adeno associated virus (AAV5) vector gene therapy designed to restore factor VIII plasma concentrations in patients with severe hemophilia A. ROCTAVIAN was conditionally approved by the EC in August 2022 and approved by the FDA in the U.S. in June 2023. Please see Government Regulation Adaptive Pathways in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on conditional marketing authorizations. In October 2025, we announced our plan to pursue options to divest ROCTAVIAN, including exploring out-licensing opportunities. Subsequently in December 2025, we committed to a plan to voluntarily withdraw ROCTAVIAN from the market due to lower than previously anticipated commercial opportunities. In connection with this strategic decision, we recorded approximately $240 million of restructuring charges in 2025 comprised of an inventory write-off, impairment of long-lived assets, severance and other costs. See Note 19 to our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details . Research and Development Programs We have multiple clinical and preclinical product candidates in various stages of development that are intended to address the root causes of genetic conditions with a significant unmet medical need. Generally, our development programs have well-understood biology and provide an opportunity to be first-to-market or offer a substantial benefit over existing treatment options. A summary of our key clinical stage programs is provided below. VOXZOGO In 2025, we continued to advance development across our CANOPY clinical program with VOXZOGO for the treatment of hypochondroplasia, idiopathic short stature, Noonan syndrome, Turner syndrome, and SHOX deficiency, including a pivotal Phase 3 study in hypochondroplasia and Phase 2 studies in idiopathic short stature, Noonan syndrome, Turner syndrome, and SHOX deficiency. BMN 333 BMN 333 is a longer-acting CNP in development for the treatment of multiple growth disorders, including achondroplasia and hypochondroplasia. We initiated the first-in-human study of BMN 333 in January 2025. In 2025, we accelerated development of BMN 333 with Phase 1 pharmacokinetic data exceeding targeted free CNP exposure levels. BMN 351 BMN 351 is our next-generation oligonucleotide in development for the treatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). We completed enrollment into the first and second dose cohorts in late 2024. In 2025, we progressed BMN 351 with initial 8 Phase 1/2 data demonstrating 5.0% mean absolute dystrophin expression (without double-correction for histologic adjustment for muscle content) at week 25 in the 9 mg/kg cohort. BMN 401 In 2025, we acquired BMN 401 (formerly INZ-701) through our acquisition of Inozyme. BMN 401 is a soluble, recombinant, or genetically engineered, ENPP1 fusion protein that is designed to increase inorganic pyrophosphate (PPi) and adenosine, to enable the potential treatment of multiple diseases caused by deficiencies in these molecules. By targeting the PPi-Adenosine Pathway, BMN 401 aims to correct pathologic mineralization and intimal proliferation, addressing the significant morbidity and mortality in these devastating diseases. Manufacturing We manufacture the active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) for ALDURAZYME, NAGLAZYME, PALYNZIQ and VOXZOGO in our production facilities located in Novato, California. We manufacture the API for BRINEURA and VIMIZIM in our manufacturing facility in Shanbally, Cork, Ireland. Our Novato and Shanbally facilities have been inspected and have demonstrated compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) to the satisfaction of the FDA, the EC and health agencies in other countries. We also have installed aseptic filling and drug product packaging capabilities at the Shanbally site, which received EU approval in 2024. Additional regulatory inspections of this new drug product filling facility are planned and/or anticipated over the coming months. We contract with third parties to manufacture PALYNZIQ and KUVAN API. Additionally, most of our drug product manufacturing (which includes vials, syringes, tablets, and powder) is performed externally by contract manufacturers. We expect the volume mix to change as drug product filing operations initiate and expand in the Shanbally site. Packaging operations are effectively split between installed capacity at the Shanbally site and several contract manufacturers. We expect to continue to contract with outside service providers for certain manufacturing services, including drug substance, drug product, and packaging operations for our products. All of our facilities and those of any third-party manufacturers will be subject to periodic inspections confirming compliance with applicable law and must pass inspection before we can manufacture our drugs for commercial sale. Third-party manufacturers facilities are subject to periodic inspections to confirm compliance with applicable law and must be cGMP certified. We believe that our current agreements with third-party manufacturers and suppliers provide for ample operating capacity to support the anticipated clinical and commercial demand for these products. In certain instances, there is only one approved contract manufacturer for certain aspects of the manufacturing process. In such cases, we attempt to prevent disruption of supplies through supply agreements, maintaining safety stock and other appropriate strategies. Raw Materials Raw materials and supplies required to produce our products and product candidates are available in some instances from one supplier and in other instances from multiple suppliers. In those cases where raw materials are only available through one supplier, such supplier may be either a sole source (the only recognized supply source available to us) or a single source (the only approved supply source for us among other sources). We have adopted policies to attempt, to the extent feasible, to minimize our raw material supply risks, including maintenance of greater levels of raw materials inventory and implementation of multiple raw materials sourcing strategies, especially for critical raw materials. Although to date we have not experienced any significant delays in obtaining any raw materials from our suppliers, we cannot provide assurance that we will not face shortages from one or more of them in the future. Please see the risk factor, Supply interruptions may disrupt our inventory levels and the availability of our products and product candidates and cause delays in obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates, or harm our business by reducing our revenues. described in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Sales and Marketing Our commercial organization is primarily structured around two business units: Skeletal Conditions (VOXZOGO) and Enzyme Therapies. This organization, which includes a sales force, supports our product lines directly in the U.S., Europe, South America and certain other significant markets. For other selected markets, we have signed agreements with other companies to act as distributors of all our products, other than ALDURAZYME. Most of these agreements generally grant the distributor the right to market the product in the territory and the obligation to secure all necessary regulatory approvals for commercial or named patient sales. Additional markets are being assessed at this time and additional agreements may be signed in the future. Sanofi has the exclusive right to distribute, market and sell ALDURAZYME globally and is required to purchase its requirements exclusively from us. In the U.S., our products (other than ALDURAZYME) are marketed through our commercial teams, including sales representatives and supporting staff members, who promote our products directly to physicians in specialties appropriate for each product. Outside of the U.S., our sales representatives and supporting staff members market our products (other than ALDURAZYME). We believe that with moderate changes in 2026, the size of our sales force will be appropriate to effectively reach our target customers in markets where our products are directly marketed. The launch of any future products, if approved, or for the 9 sales and marketing of products that we acquire through strategic transactions, will likely require expansion of our commercial organization, including our sales force, in the U.S. and international markets. We utilize third-party logistics companies to store and distribute our products. Moreover, we use third-party vendors, such as advertising agencies, market research firms and suppliers of marketing and other sales support-related services, to assist with our commercial activities. Customers Customers for our products (other than ALDURAZYME) include a limited number of specialty pharmacies and end-users, such as hospitals and non-U.S. government agencies. We also sell our products (other than ALDURAZYME) to our authorized distributors and to certain larger pharmaceutical wholesalers globally, which act as intermediaries between us and end-users and generally do not stock significant quantities of our products. However, in certain countries, governments place large periodic orders for our products. The timing of these orders can be inconsistent and can create significant quarter to quarter variation in our revenue. PALYNZIQ is currently distributed in the U.S. pursuant to the REMS program through a limited number of certified specialty pharmacies. During 2025, 37% of our net product revenue was generated by three customers. Sanofi is our sole customer for ALDURAZYME and is responsible for distributing, marketing, and selling ALDURAZYME to third parties. Competition Commercial Products The biopharmaceutical industry is rapidly evolving and highly competitive. Within the industry, there are many public and private companies, including pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies that have or may soon initiate programs for the same indications that our products and product candidates are intended to treat. Furthermore, universities and non-profit research organizations may have research programs, both early-stage and clinical, in the same disease areas. Our larger competitors may have advantages over us due to greater financial or scientific resources, lower labor and other costs, or higher headcount and more robust organizational structures, while smaller competitors may have advantages over us due to lower overhead costs, being more nimble, or being able to focus on a narrower set of indications or development programs. Our competitors have considerable experience in drug manufacturing, preclinical and clinical research and development, regulatory affairs, marketing, sales, and distribution. They pursue broad patent portfolios and other intellectual property to protect the products they are developing. Their products may outcompete ours due to one or more factors, including faster progress through preclinical and clinical development, lower manufacturing costs, superior safety and efficacy, lower pricing, stronger patent protection, and better marketing, sales, and distribution capabilities. In this event, our products and product candidates, if approved, could fail to gain significant market share, and as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Other than PALYNZIQ and KUVAN, as described below, our products have no direct approved competition currently on the market in the U.S. or the EU; however, other companies are in the development phase with new and generic products. Our products and product candidates have potential competition from products under development either using similar technology to our programs or different treatment strategies. The following is a summary of some of the primary possible future competitors for our products and product candidates, but the information below may not include all potential competition. VOXZOGO VOXZOGO, for the treatment of achondroplasia, could have competition from clinical stage products under development by Abbisko Therapeutics Co Ltd., Ascendis Pharma A/S, QED Therapeutics, Inc. (a subsidiary of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.), Ribomic Inc., Tyra Biosciences Inc., and preclinical product candidates from other companies, including Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc., C-Biomex Co., Ltd., Changchun GeneScience Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., Immunoforge, Co. Ltd., Peptron Inc., Prolynx Inc., and SiSaf Ltd. ALDURAZYME, NAGLAZYME, and VIMIZIM In the mucopolysaccharidosis field, several companies are researching treatments using small molecules, gene therapy, and other novel technologies. ALDURAZYME, for the treatment of MPS I, has potential competition from clinical stage product candidates from ArmaGen, Inc., JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd (acquired by ArmaGen, Inc.)., Orchard Therapeutics Plc and RegenxBio Inc. and earlier stage product candidates, including product candidates from Denali Therapeutics Inc. and Immusoft Corporation. NAGLAZYME, for the treatment of MPS VI, has potential competition from clinical stage product candidates from Inventiva S.A. and Paradigm Biopharmaceuticals Limited and other potential candidates in earlier stages. VIMIZIM, for the treatment of MPS IVA, has potential competition from preclinical product candidates from Esteve Pharmaceuticals, S.A., and RegenxBio Inc. and other potential candidates in earlier stages. BRINEURA 10 BRINEURA, for the treatment of CLN2, has potential competition from preclinical product candidates from Lexeo Therapeutics, Inc., RegenxBio Inc. and the Roche Group. PALYNZIQ and KUVAN PALYNZIQ and KUVAN face competition from an oral small molecule marketed by PTC Therapeutics,Inc., which is approved in the U.S. and EU for the treatment of PKU. There is also potential competition from clinical stage product candidates developed by Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc., Jnana Therapeutics Inc. (a subsidiary of Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.), Maze Therapeutics, NGGT Inc., Relief Therapeutics, SOM Innovation Biotech, S.A., and Scohia Pharma Inc., and earlier stage product candidates, including, but not limited to, product candidates from Alltrna, Inc., Iniuva GmbH, and Aurora Therapeutics. Generic versions of KUVAN are available in several countries around the world, including multiple generic versions in the U.S. and the EU. Several generic versions of KUVAN have also been approved either centrally by the EC or on a country-by-country basis throughout the EU. Please see Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks posed by generic versions of KUVAN in the U.S. and international markets. Research and Development Programs VOXZOGO VOXZOGO, for the treatment of hypochondroplasia, could have competition from clinical stage products under development by Ascendis Pharma A/S and QED Therapeutics, Inc. (a subsidiary of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.), and a preclinical product candidate from Tyra Biosciences Inc. VOXZOGO, for the treatment of idiopathic short stature could have competition from marketed branded and generic human growth hormones, clinical stage products (marketed for other indications) under development by Ascendis Pharma A/S, and Novo Nordisk A/S, and additional clinical stage products by Anhui Anke Biotechnology (Group) Co., Ltd., Xiamen Amoytop Biotech Co., Ltd. and Changchun GeneScience Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. as well as a preclinical stage product from Bolder BioTechnology, Inc. VOXZOGO, for the treatment of Noonan syndrome, Turner syndrome, and SHOX deficiency could have competition from marketed branded and generic human growth hormones, marketed small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors, clinical stage products (marketed for other indications) under development by Ascendis Pharma A/S and Novo Nordisk A/S, an additional clinical stage product from Changchun GeneScience Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., and a preclinical product candidate from Cavalry Biosciences. BMN 333 BMN 333, for the treatment of achondroplasia could have competition from clinical stage products under development by Abbisko Therapeutics Co Ltd., Ascendis Pharma A/S, QED Therapeutics, Inc. (a subsidiary of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.), Ribomic Inc., Tyra Biosciences Inc., and preclinical product candidates from other companies, including Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc., C-Biomex Co., Ltd., Changchun GeneScience Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., Immunoforge, Co. Ltd., Peptron Inc., Prolynx Inc., and SiSaf Ltd. BMN 333, for the treatment of hypochondroplasia, could have competition from clinical stage products under development by Ascendis Pharma A/S and QED Therapeutics, Inc. (a subsidiary of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.), and a preclinical product candidate from Tyra Biosciences Inc. BMN 351 BMN 351, for the treatment of DMD, could have competition from marketed oligonucleotide and gene therapy products by Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc., steroids by Catalyst Pharmaceuticals, Inc., PTC Therapeutics, Inc., and Santhera Pharmaceuticals Holdings AG, and an epigenetic therapy by Italfarmaco S.p.A. In addition, BMN 351 could have potential competition from clinical product candidates for exon 51 skipping amenable DMD by Dyne Therapeutics, Inc. and gene therapy product candidates from Regenxbio, Inc. and Solid Biosciences, Inc. BMN 401 There are currently no approved, non-generic drugs on the market in the U.S. or the EU for the treatment of ectonucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase 1 (ENPP1) deficiency. Although there may be companies generally pursuing 11 development of treatments for ectopic calcification or metabolic bone disorders, we are not aware of any novel product candidates currently in active clinical development for ENPP1 deficiency. Patents, Proprietary Rights and Regulatory Exclusivity Our success depends on an intellectual property portfolio that supports our future revenue streams and also creates barriers to our competitors. We are maintaining and building our patent portfolio through: filing new patent applications; prosecuting existing applications; licensing and acquiring new patents and patent applications; and pursuing, litigation, administrative challenges or other types of proceedings to protect our patents and intellectual property rights. For example, we are engaged in various legal actions, including actions against Ascendis Pharma A/S in multiple jurisdictions and forums to protect our patents relating to VOXZOGO. Furthermore, we seek to protect our ownership of know-how, trade secrets and trademarks through an active program of legal mechanisms including registrations, assignments, confidentiality agreements, material transfer agreements, research collaborations and licenses. U.S. patents, as well as most foreign patents, are generally effective for 20 years from the date the earliest application was filed. U.S. patents that were issued on applications filed before June 8, 1995, may be effective until 17 years from the issue date, if that is later than the 20-year date. In some cases, the patent term may be extended to recapture a portion of the term lost during regulatory review of the claimed therapeutic or, in the case of the U.S., because of U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) delays in prosecuting the application. In the U.S., under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (commonly known as the Hatch-Waxman Act), a patent that covers a drug approved by the FDA may be eligible for patent term extension (for up to five years, but not beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval) as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The duration and extension of the term of foreign patents varies in accordance with local law. In the EU, Supplementary Protection Certificates (SPCs) are available to extend a patent term up to five years to compensate for patent protection lost during regulatory review. Although all EU Member States must provide SPCs, SPCs must be applied for and granted on a country-by-country basis. Limited exceptions apply to the protection conferred by the SPC. The table below lists our active patents and patent applications of primary importance for our products other than ALDURAZYME, NAGLAZYME and KUVAN by territory, general subject matter (including composition, methods of treatment and approved use, methods of production and purification, pharmaceutical compositions and clinical formulations) and latest expiry date. With respect to ALDURAZYME and NAGLAZYME, the last of our patents expired in November 2020 and November 2023, respectively. One or more patents with the same or earlier expiry dates may fall under the same general subject matter and are not listed separately in the table below. We continue to pursue additional patents and patent term extensions in the U.S. and other territories covering various aspects of our products that may, if issued, extend patent exclusivity beyond the expiration dates listed in the table below. 12 Product Territory Patent No(s). General Subject Matter Patent Expiration BRINEURA U.S. 10,279,015 Formulation; kit May 5, 2036 EU EP3294345 Formulation May 5, 2036 PALYNZIQ U.S. 7,534,595 Composition; method of treating May 24, 2032 (1) 10,221,408 Purification February 3, 2031 9,557,340 Antibody detection assay July 30, 2029 11,505,790 Regimen February 3, 2031 11,918,633 Method of treating adolescent subjects May 18, 2042 EU 2152868 Composition; pharmaceutical composition May 23, 2028 / May 23, 2033 (2) 2531209; 3025728 Formulation; purification February 3, 2031 VIMIZIM U.S. 8,128,925 Compositions; methods of treatment January 16, 2029 8,765,437 Purification; formulation; methods of treatment January 10, 2032 EU 2245145 Composition; use for treating April 30, 2029 (3) 2595650 Purification; composition; use for treating; formulation July 22, 2031 3219795 Method of producing January 16, 2029 VOXZOGO U.S. 8,198,242 Compositions, Methods of Treatment June 11, 2030 (4) 9,907,834 Formulation August 1, 2036 10,646,550 Clinical methods of treatment August 1, 2036 EU 2432489 Compositions, Methods of Treatment May 20, 2030 (5) 3328416 Formulation, Use August 1, 2036 (1) For PALYNZIQ, the date of expiry includes the granted patent term extension (PTE). (2) For PALYNZIQ, we applied for SPCs for EP 2152868, and to date have been granted SPC to extend the patent expiration to May 23, 2033 in certain European countries, including Austria, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden, and United Kingdom. (3) For VIMIZIM, we applied for SPCs for this patent, and to date have been granted SPCs to extend the patent expiration to April 30, 2029 in certain European countries, including Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cypress, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. PTE has also been granted in Chile to February 14, 2030. (4) For VOXZOGO, we filed for a PTE for this patent and received Notice of Final Determination granting extension of patent term by 5 years to June 11, 2035. (5) For VOXZOGO, we applied for SPCs for EP 2432489, and to date have been granted SPCs in Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Portugal, Sweden, and the United Kingdom, extending the patent expiration to May 20, 2035. PTE has been granted in Australia and Japan to May 20, 2035. 13 In addition to patent protection, certain of our products are entitled to regulatory exclusivity in the U.S. and the EU through the dates set forth below: Commercial Products United States Orphan Drug Exclusivity Expiration (1) United States Biologic Exclusivity Expiration (2) European Union Orphan Drug Exclusivity Expiration (1) BRINEURA 2031 (3) 2029 2029 PALYNZIQ Expired 2030 2029 VIMIZIM Expired 2026 Expired VOXZOGO 2030 (4) Not Applicable 2031 (1) See Government Regulation Other Regulation Orphan Drug Designation in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. (2) See Government Regulation Other Regulation Exclusivity for Biologics in the U.S. in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. (3) BRINEURA's U.S. orphan drug exclusivity relating to the treatment of CLN2 for (i) symptomatic patients of three years of age and older expired in 2024 and (ii) patients of less than three years of age and asymptomatic patients of three years of age and older expires in 2031. (4) VOXZOGO's U.S. orphan drug exclusivity relating to the treatment of achondroplasia for (i) children of five years of age and older expires in 2028 and (ii) children of less than five years of age expires in 2030. With respect to our clinical product candidates, we believe we have the necessary intellectual property rights to allow us to undertake the development of these candidates. Certain of our product candidates are in therapeutic areas that have been the subject of many years of extensive research and development by academic organizations and third parties who may control patents or other intellectual property that they might assert against us, should one or more of our product candidates in these therapeutic areas succeed in obtaining regulatory approval and thereafter be commercialized. We continually evaluate the intellectual property rights of others in these areas in order to determine whether a claim of infringement may be made by others against us. Should we determine that a third party has intellectual property rights that could impact our ability to freely market a compound we consider a number of factors in determining how best to prepare for the commercialization of any such product candidate. In making this determination we consider, among other things, the stage of development of our product candidate and whether we and our outside counsel believe the intellectual property rights of others are valid, whether we infringe the intellectual property rights of others, whether a license is available upon commercially reasonable terms, whether we will seek to challenge the intellectual property rights of others, and the likelihood of and liability resulting from an adverse outcome should we be found to infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Government Regulation Regulation by governmental authorities in the U.S., European countries and other countries is a significant factor in the development, manufacture, commercialization, pricing and reimbursement of our products. Our industry is subject to significant federal, state, local and non-U.S. regulation. Our products require approval from the FDA, the EC (on the basis of the scientific opinions issued by the European Medicines Agency (EMA)) and corresponding agencies in other countries before they can be marketed. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. and foreign requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending New Drug Applications (NDAs) or Biologics License Applications (BLAs), warning or untitled letters, investigations, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension or withdrawal of marketing, production or distribution authorizations, injunctions, fines, civil penalties, and criminal prosecution. Approval Process in the U.S. and EU Satisfaction of FDA and EU pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. Pharmaceutical product development in the U.S. and the EU typically involves preclinical laboratory and animal tests, the submission to the applicable regulatory agency of an application (e.g., an IND in the U.S. or a CTA in the EU), which must become effective before clinical testing may commence, and adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the drug for each indication for which marketing approval is sought. On January 31, 2022, Regulation EU No 536/2014 (CTR) became fully effective in the EU. The CTR established a centralized application procedure where one of the National Competent Authorities (NCA) of the Member States where the trial takes place takes the lead in reviewing certain aspects of the application, while the other NCAs have a lesser involvement than they had under the previous regime established by Directive 2001/20/EC (CTD). The CTD indeed introduced the first set of harmonized rules on clinical trials in the EU but resulted in a patchwork of different national regimes. The CTR was adopted with a view to introducing a more uniform set of the rules across the EU for the authorization of 14 clinical trials. Such authorization still involves the national regulatory authorities and Ethics Committees of each of the EU Member States where the trial is to be conducted. However, the relevant procedures have now been streamlined with a view to facilitating a swifter and more seamless authorization and deployment of multi-center trials occurring in more than one EU Member State. More specifically, the CTR allows sponsors to rely on one single submission for CTAs regardless of the number of Member States where the trial takes place and based on a single harmonized application. Furthermore, under the CTR, deadlines for regulatory approvals are shortened with a view to accelerating the authorization process. The CTR also established an EU Portal which will act as a single-entry point for submission of data and information relating to clinical trials. Until January 30, 2025, the CTD continued to apply in parallel to the CTR for a transitional period. From January 31, 2025 all trials must comply with the CTR. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation, as well as animal studies, to assess the characteristics and potential pharmacology, pharmacokinetics and toxicity of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with FDA and/or EU and national regulations and requirements, including good laboratory practices (GLP). The results of preclinical testing, along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls and a proposed clinical trial protocol are reviewed by the applicable regulatory agency as part of an IND or CTA. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND or CTA is submitted. Until the CTA or IND is approved or becomes effective following a waiting period, and appropriate reviews have been satisfactorily completed by the applicable Institutional Review Boards (IRBs) or Ethics Committees, we may not start the clinical trial in the relevant jurisdiction. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted in compliance with applicable regulations, good clinical practices (GCP), as well as under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial and the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the efficacy criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND and to the relevant regulatory agency in the EU as part of a new CTA. The regulatory agencies may order the temporary halt or permanent discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time or impose other sanctions if they believe that the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with applicable requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. An IRB/Ethics Committee may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB/Ethics Committee s requirements, or may impose other conditions. Clinical trials that are deployed to support NDAs, BLAs or Marketing Authorization Applications (MAAs) for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap or be combined. Typically, we undertake a three-phase human clinical testing program as follows: Phase 1 - the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses and, if possible, early evidence on efficacy. Phase 2 - usually involves trials in a limited patient population, to determine the efficacy of the drug for a particular indication or indications, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a compound demonstrates evidence of efficacy and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations. Phase 3 - undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. After completion of the required clinical testing, an application is prepared and submitted to the applicable regulatory agency. Approval of the application by the applicable regulatory agency is required before marketing of the product may begin. In the European Economic Area (i.e., the EU as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway) (the EEA), there are two types of marketing authorizations (MA), namely: (i) the Union MA, which is issued by the EC through the so-called centralized procedure , based on the positive opinion of the EMA s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP), and results in a single marketing authorization that is valid across the EEA; and (ii) National MAs, which are issued by the competent NCAs and only cover their respective territory. The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain types of products such as: (i) medicinal products derived from certain biotechnology processes, (ii) designated orphan medicinal products, (iii) medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, autoimmune diseases and other auto-immune dysfunctions, viral diseases; and (iv) Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products (ATMPs) (such as gene therapy, somatic cell therapy or tissue-engineered medicines). The NDA, BLA or MAA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing, a compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls and proposed labeling, among other things. In the U.S., each NDA or BLA is subject to a significant user fee at the time of submission, unless a waiver is granted by the FDA. Similarly, in the EU, the submission of an MAA is subject to the payment of fees, a waiver of which may be obtained only under limited circumstances. The FDA and the EMA initially review the applications for a threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. The regulatory agency may request additional information rather than accepting an application for filing or validation. Once the submission is accepted, the applicable agency begins an in-depth review. For the FDA, the review period for standard review applications for new molecular entities is typically ten months from the date the company files the application and, for priority review of drugs, that is, drugs that the FDA determines address a significant unmet need and represent a significant improvement over existing therapy, the review period is typically six months from the date the company files the application. The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider new information submitted during the review or clarification regarding information already provided in the submission. The FDA may also refer applications for novel products or products that present difficult questions of 15 safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. After the FDA evaluates the information provided in the NDA/BLA, it issues an approval letter, or a complete response letter. A complete response letter outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed and the NDA/BLA has been resubmitted, the FDA will re-initiate review. If it is satisfied that the deficiencies have been addressed, the FDA will issue an approval letter. Under the centralized procedure in the EU, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA by the EMA is 210 days. However, this excludes so-called clock stops, during which additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP. At the end of the review period, the CHMP provides an opinion to the EC. If the opinion is favorable, the EC may then adopt a decision to grant marketing authorization. In the event of a negative opinion, the company may request a re-examination of the application within 15 days of receipt of the negative opinion. The company then has 60 days to provide the CHMP with detailed grounds for requesting the re-examination. Within 60 days of providing this information, the CHMP must re-examine its opinion. The EC follows the recommendation of the CHMP in almost all cases. In exceptional cases, the CHMP might perform an accelerated review of an MAA in no more than 150 days. This is usually when the product is of major interest from the point of view of public health and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. During the review period, the FDA and/or the European authorities may typically inspect one or more clinical sites and/or the sponsor to assure compliance with GCP regulations and may equally inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured to ensure compliance with cGMPs regulations. Neither the FDA nor the EC will approve the product unless compliance is satisfactory and the application contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. Fast Track Designation and Accelerated Approval The FDA is required to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition for which there is no effective treatment and that demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Under the FDA s fast track program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that the FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a fast track drug concurrent with or after the filing of the IND for the drug candidate. The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for fast track designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. In addition to other benefits, such as the ability to have greater interactions with the FDA, the FDA may initiate review of sections of a fast track drug s NDA or BLA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides and the FDA approves a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, the FDA s time period goal for reviewing an application does not begin until the last section of the NDA or BLA is submitted. Additionally, the fast track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. Under the FDA s accelerated approval regulations, the FDA may approve a drug, including a fast track drug, for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions, or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. A drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of a Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trial to verify and describe the clinical benefit of the drug. Failure to conduct a required post-approval study with due diligence, including with respect to the conditions specified by the FDA, or confirm a clinical benefit through a post-marketing study will allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for drug candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by the FDA. The FDA is authorized to require a post-approval study to be underway prior to approval or within a specified time period following approval and is required to specify conditions of any required post-approval study, which may include milestones such as a target date of study completion. Sponsors are required to submit progress reports for required post-approval studies and any conditions required by the FDA not later than 180 days following approval and not less frequently than every 180 days thereafter until completion or termination of the study. The FDA may initiate enforcement action for the failure to conduct with due diligence a required post-approval study, including a failure to meet any required conditions specified by the FDA or to submit timely reports. 16 Breakthrough Therapy Designation The FDA is also required to expedite the development and review of the application for approval of drugs that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Under the breakthrough therapy program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that the FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a breakthrough therapy concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the drug candidate. The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for breakthrough therapy designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. Adaptive Pathways The EMA has an adaptive pathways approach which allows for early and progressive patient access to a medicine in cases of high medical need. To achieve this goal, several approaches are envisaged including for example identifying small populations with severe disease where a medicine s benefit-risk balance could be favorable or making more use of real-world data where appropriate to support clinical trial data. The adaptive pathways concept applies primarily to treatments in areas of high medical need where it is difficult to collect data via traditional routes and where large clinical trials would unnecessarily expose patients who are unlikely to benefit from the medicine. The approach builds on regulatory processes already in place within the existing EU legal framework. These include: scientific advice; compassionate use; the conditional MA; patient registries and other pharmacovigilance tools that allow collection of real-life data and development of a risk-management plan for each medicine. A conditional MA may be granted prior to the submission of comprehensive clinical data if the benefit of the immediate availability on the market of the product is deemed to outweigh the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. In emergency situations, a MA for such medicinal products may be granted also where comprehensive pre-clinical or pharmaceutical data have not been provided. Under this procedure a MA can be granted as soon as sufficient data becomes available to demonstrate that the drug's benefits outweigh its risks, with safeguards and controls in place post-authorization. This procedure can also be combined with a rolling review of data during the development of a promising medicine, to further expedite its evaluation. Conditional MAs are typically subject to obligations that are reviewed annually. These include the obligation to complete ongoing studies, or to conduct new studies, with a view to confirming that the risk-benefit balance is favorable. Conditional MAs are valid for one year and are renewable. PRIME Program The EMA launched its PRIME regulatory program to enhance support for the development of therapies that target an unmet medical need. The initiative focuses on drugs that may offer a major therapeutic advantage over existing treatments, or benefit patients with no treatment options. These therapies are considered priority medicines within the EU. Through PRIME, the EMA offers early, proactive and enhanced support to drug developers to optimize the generation of robust data on a therapy s benefits and risks and enable accelerated assessment of drug applications. Regulation of Approved Products Product Marketing and Promotion A marketing approval authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. The FDA and European authorities closely regulate the post-approval marketing and promotion of commercial products, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising (which is prohibited in the EU for prescription products such as our products), off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the Internet. For further detail, please see "Post-Approval Regulatory Requirements" below. Regulation of Manufacturing Standards The FDA as well as other regulatory agencies around the world, regulate and inspect the equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes used in the manufacturing and testing of products prior to granting approval to market products. If after receiving approval from the FDA and other agencies such as the EC we make a material change in manufacturing equipment, location or process, additional regulatory review and approval may be required. We also must adhere to cGMP regulations and product-specific regulations enforced by the FDA and other regulatory agencies through their facilities inspection program. The FDA and other regulatory agencies around the world conduct regular, periodic visits to reinspect our equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes following an initial approval. 17 Combination Products and Companion Diagnostics Combination products are defined by the FDA as products composed of two or more regulated components (e.g., a biologic and/or drug and a device). Biologics/drugs and devices each have their own regulatory requirements, and combination products may have additional requirements. For example, in the EU, if a device intended to administer a medicinal product is sold together with such medicinal product in such a way that they form a single integral product which is intended exclusively for use in the given combination and which is not reusable, that single integral product is regulated as a medicinal product. In addition, the relevant general safety and performance requirements established for medical devices by EU medical devices legislation apply to the device component of such combination products. A number of our products qualify as combination products and are regulated under the applicable framework, and we expect that a number of our pipeline product candidates will be evaluated for regulatory approval under such framework as well. If use of an in vitro diagnostic is essential to safe and effective use of a drug or biologic product, then the FDA generally will require approval or clearance of the diagnostic, known as a companion diagnostic, at the same time that the FDA approves the therapeutic product. The review of these in vitro companion diagnostics in conjunction with the review of a drug or biologic involves coordination of review by the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research or Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, as applicable, and by the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health. Approval and clearance of a companion diagnostic also requires a high level of coordination between the drug or biologic manufacturer and device manufacturer, if different companies. Most companion diagnostics require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). The PMA process, including the gathering of clinical and preclinical data and the submission to and review by the FDA, can take several years or longer. PMA approval is not guaranteed, and the FDA may ultimately respond to a PMA submission with a not approvable determination based on deficiencies in the application and require additional clinical trial or other data that may be expensive and time-consuming to generate and that can substantially delay approval. After a device is placed on the market, it remains subject to significant regulatory requirements. Post-Approval Regulatory Requirements Following approval, the FDA and the regulatory authorities around the world will impose certain post-approval requirements related to a product. As a condition of NDA or BLA approval, the FDA may require a REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. A REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use, such as special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient registries. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. Similar rules apply outside of the U.S. For example, products approved in the EU may be subject to post-authorization requirements such as the obligation to perform post-authorization efficacy studies (PAES) or post-authorization safety studies (PASS) imposed as conditions to the MA, or other Risk Minimization Measures (RMMs), such as educational programs or controlled access programs, which may sometimes vary from one EU Member State to another. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. Moreover, if a company obtains original approval for a product via an accelerated approval pathway, the company will be typically required to conduct a post-marketing confirmatory trial to verify and describe the clinical benefit in support of full approval. An unsuccessful post-marketing study or failure to complete such a study with due diligence could result in the withdrawal of the marketing approval for a product. Commercial products may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, may require a submission to and approval by the FDA or the EC, as applicable, before the change can be implemented. An NDA/BLA, PMA, or MAA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and similar procedures and actions apply in reviewing NDA/BLA, PMA, or MAA supplements as in reviewing NDAs/BLAs, PMAs, and MAAs. Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports is required following marketing approval. Either the FDA or the EC/EMA may also require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality control as well as the manufacture, packaging, and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Drug, device, and biological product manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, the EMA/NCAs, during which the inspectors audit manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals or request product recalls if a company fails to comply with regulatory standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing, or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. In addition, prescription drug manufacturers in the U.S. must comply with applicable provisions of the Drug Supply Chain Security Act and provide and receive product tracing information, maintain appropriate licenses, ensure they only work with other properly licensed entities and have procedures in place to identify and properly handle suspect and illegitimate products. Similarly, in the EU, stringent rules have been introduced to fight medicine falsifications and to ensure that the trade in medicines is subject to rigorous controls. Measures required to ensure that include: a unique identifier and an anti-tampering device on the outer packaging of drugs, stringent rules on import of active pharmaceutical ingredients and record-keeping requirements for wholesale distributors. 18 Approval Regulation Outside of the U.S. and the EU For marketing outside the U.S. and the EU, we are subject to non-U.S. regulatory requirements governing human clinical testing and marketing approval for our products. These requirements vary by jurisdiction, can differ from those in the U.S. and the EU and may require us to perform additional preclinical or clinical testing. The amount of time required to obtain necessary approvals may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA or EC approval. In many countries outside of the U.S., approvals for pricing, coverage and reimbursement offered by third-party payers, including government payers and private insurance plans, are also required. Other Regulation Exclusivity for Biologics in the U.S. The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA), which was enacted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (as amended, the PPACA), created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are demonstrated to be biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Biosimilars are licensed based on FDA s findings of safety, purity, and potency for a previously FDA-licensed product called a reference product. There must be no differences in route of administration, dosage form, and strength to rely on a given reference product, and there can be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency. Biosimilarity must be shown through analytical studies and animal studies. The FDA may also require comparative clinical study sufficient to demonstrate safety, purity, and potency in one or more conditions of use for which the reference product is licensed. A biosimilar also may meet the higher hurdle of interchangeability such that it can be substituted for a reference product without the intervention of the prescribing health care provider. For licensure as an interchangeable biosimilar, a sponsor must demonstrate that the biosimilar product can be expected to produce the same clinical result as the reference product in any given patient, and for a product that is administered more than once to an individual, that the risk of switching in terms of safety or diminished efficacy of alternating or switching between the reference product and biosimilar product is not greater than the risk of maintaining the patient on the reference product. The first biosimilar product was approved under the BPCIA in 2015, and the first interchangeable product was approved in 2021. Complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structures of biological products, as well as the process by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation that are still being evaluated by the FDA. A reference biologic is granted 12 years of data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the reference product during which no biosimilar referencing such biologic can be licensed by FDA, and no such biosimilar application relying on the reference product can be submitted for four years from the date of first licensure of the reference product. The first biologic product submitted under the abbreviated approval pathway that is determined to be interchangeable with the reference product is eligible for exclusivity precluding marketing of other interchangeable biosimilars referencing the same reference product for the lesser of (i) one year after first commercial marketing of the first interchangeable biosimilar to be approved, (ii) eighteen months after the first interchangeable biosimilar is approved if there is not patent challenge, (iii) eighteen months after resolution of a lawsuit over the patents of the reference biologic in favor of the first interchangeable biosimilar applicant, or (iv) 42 months after the first interchangeable biosimilar s application has been approved if the interchangeable applicant has been sued under the BPCIA and any related patent litigation is ongoing within the 42-month period. Data Exclusivity and Market Exclusivity in the EU The EU provides opportunities for market and data exclusivity for all products containing a New Active Substance, or NAS (such as a chemical, biological or radiopharmaceutical substance not previously authorized as a medicinal product in the EU), which have been granted an MA. While the related rules are expected to change in the near future as described below, these products currently receive eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity. The data exclusivity period prevents generic or biosimilar applicants from relying on the pre-clinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar MA in the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic or biosimilar applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until ten years have elapsed from the initial MA of the reference product in the EU. The overall ten-year market exclusivity period can be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. 19 Orphan Drug Designation Orphan drug designation is granted by the FDA and the EC to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which in the U.S. is defined as having a prevalence of less than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. or as a condition that affects more than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the costs of development of said drug will be recovered from sales in the U.S. In the EU, orphan drug designation is available if a sponsor can establish: that the medicine is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of (1) a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition affecting no more than five in 10,000 people in the EU, which is equivalent to around 250,000 people or fewer, or (2) a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition in the EU and that without incentives derived from the orphan status, it is unlikely that the marketing of the medicinal product in the EU would generate sufficient return to justify the necessary investment. For either of these criteria, the applicant must demonstrate that there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition in question that has been authorized in the EU or, if such method exists, the medicinal product will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a marketing application and, in the EU, it must be maintained until the time of the granting of the MA. Orphan designation can be lost in the EU, for example, if it is established that the product no longer meets the orphan criteria at the time a MA is granted for such product. Orphan drug designation does not shorten the regulatory review and approval process. However, if an orphan drug later receives approval for the indication for which it has designation, under the current rules, the relevant regulatory authority may not accept or approve any other applications to market a similar medicinal product/drug for the same therapeutic indication, except in limited circumstances, for seven years in the U.S. and ten years in the EU (extendable to twelve years under certain circumstances) and, in addition, a range of other benefits during the development and regulatory review process are available in the EU, including scientific assistance for study protocols, authorization through the centralized marketing authorization procedure covering all member countries and a reduction or elimination of registration and marketing authorization fees. Among the benefits of orphan drug designation in the U.S. are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA/BLA application user fee. In the U.S., orphan drug exclusive marketing rights obtained upon approval of an orphan-designated drug may be lost under certain conditions, such as if the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug. A competitor may also demonstrate that its proposed product is clinically superior to a product with orphan drug exclusivity, allowing for approval and market entry of the same drug for the same condition during the first product s orphan drug exclusivity period. In the EU, a MA may be granted to a similar medicinal product with the same orphan indication during the regulatory exclusivity period with the consent of the MA holder for the original orphan medicinal product or if the MA holder of the original orphan medicinal product is unable to supply sufficient quantities of the orphan product. A MA may also be granted to a similar medicinal product with the same orphan indication if the second applicant can establish that its medicinal product is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to the original orphan medicinal product. The period of market exclusivity may, in addition, be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established on the basis of available evidence that the criteria for its designation as an orphan medicine are no longer satisfied, for example if the original orphan medicinal product has become sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Healthcare Reform The U.S. federal and state governments continue to propose and pass legislation designed to regulate the healthcare industry, including legislation that seeks to directly or indirectly regulate pharmaceutical drug pricing. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Government healthcare reform could increase our costs and adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. In addition, in the EU, EMA, the EC and other comparable regulatory authorities continue to propose and pass legislation and issue additional guidelines that may affect the applicable legislative framework. On December 11, 2025, the European Parliament and the European Council reached a political agreement on a proposal for the revision of the EU pharmaceutical regulatory framework. Among other things, the revision will amend the duration of the data and market exclusivity, the marketing authorization procedure, the possible post-authorization conditions, the reasons for a refusal of a marketing authorization, as well as obligations and waivers in connection with Pediatric Investigation Plans (PIPs). In particular, the regulatory data protection period (during which generic/biosimilar companies cannot access product data) would amount to eight years, with one additional year of market protection (during which generic or biosimilar products cannot be sold), following a marketing authorization. Pharmaceutical companies will be eligible for additional periods of market protection under certain conditions, with a cap of eleven years on the combined regulatory protection period. Orphan medicinal products addressing a disease with no current available medicinal treatment ( breakthrough orphan medicinal products ) will benefit from up to eleven years of market exclusivity. Moreover, with a view to ensure earlier market entry of generic and biosimilar medicinal products, the new rules clarify that the so-called Bolar exemption (which allows generic/biosimilar manufacturers to conduct certain activities during the patent protection period of the original product) allows the conduct of necessary studies, trials and other activities for the purposes of obtaining marketing authorizations, conducting health technology assessments, obtaining pricing and reimbursement approvals, or submitting procurement tender applications. 20 Other Regulatory Requirements In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal laws have been applied to restrict certain business and marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry. These laws include anti-kickback, false claims, patient data privacy and security, and transparency statutes and regulations. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs. The PPACA amended the intent requirement of the federal Anti-Kickback and certain other criminal healthcare fraud statutes such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them in order to commit a violation. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution or other regulatory sanctions, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Federal false claims laws prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to have a false claim paid. The PPACA amended the statute so that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims laws. Several pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly inflating drug prices they report to pricing services, which in turn are used by the government to set Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates, and for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may also violate false claims laws. The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and their implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, on certain types of individuals and entities, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), physician assistants, certain types of advanced practice nurses and teaching hospitals, and applicable manufacturers and applicable group purchasing organizations to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests held by the physicians and their immediate family members. The majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payer. Several states now require pharmaceutical companies to report expenses relating to the marketing and promotion of pharmaceutical products and to report gifts and payments to individual physicians in these states while other states prohibit various other marketing-related activities. Other states require submission or disclosure of certain pricing information and/or notifications and information about price increases that exceed a specified threshold. Still other states require the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes. In ad