=== [ER] BMRN_1Q26-PR-FINAL.pdf ===
Contact: Investors: Traci McCarty BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (415) 455-7558 Media: Marni Kottle BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (650) 374-2803 BioMarin Reports First Quarter 2026 Financial and Operating Results First Quarter 2026 Total Revenues Increased Year-over-year to $766 million Increased Full-year 2026 Total Revenues Guidance to between $3.825 billion and $3.925 billion, Representing Accelerated Growth Rate of 20% Y/Y at the Midpoint, and Reflecting the Addition of GALAFOLD® and POMBILITI® + OPFOLDA® to BioMarin’s Portfolio Conference Call and Webcast Scheduled Today at 4:30 p.m. ET SAN RAFAEL, Calif., May 4, 2026 – BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ: BMRN) today announced financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2026. “With the acquisition of Amicus Therapeutics complete, the addition of GALAFOLD and POMBILITI + OPFOLDA to our commercial portfolio allows us to reach patients with Fabry and Pompe diseases and meaningfully strengthens and accelerates our near-to-mid-term growth rates,” said Alexander Hardy, President and Chief Executive Officer of BioMarin. “We expect these high-growth assets to support our strongest financial performance yet in 2026. Next quarter, we look forward to updating you on the longer‑term outlook of the Amicus integration based on our plans to leverage our global scale to expand the potential of these transformative therapies. With a faster-growing commercial portfolio, together with two near-term Phase 3 data readouts and ongoing pipeline progress expected over the coming quarters, we are well-positioned to drive innovation, create shareholder value, and improve outcomes for patients worldwide.” 1 2026 Business and Pipeline Highlights Innovation • In February, U.S. FDA approved PALYNZIQ® for adolescents 12 years of age and older with phenylketonuria (PKU); EU approval for adolescents 12 years of age and older is expected in 2026. • In March, the company presented initial Phase 1/2 data for BMN 351 at the Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA) Clinical & Scientific Congress demonstrating dose-dependent increases in dystrophin expression at Week 25 biopsy in both the 6 and 9 mg/kg dose cohorts. Clinical biomarkers, including decreases in creatine kinase, suggested improvements in overall muscle health beyond the Week 25 time point, and longer-term outcomes from both NSAA and 6MWT suggested a prevention of functional decline when compared to historical matched controls. The 12 mg/kg dose cohort continues to enroll, with a data update expected by year-end. • In April, the first patient was enrolled in the registration-enabling Phase 2/3 study of BMN 333, BioMarin’s longacting C-type natriuretic peptide (CNP) for achondroplasia. A data update from this study is expected in 2027. • In April, the company submitted its U.S. supplemental new drug application (sNDA) for full approval of VOXZOGO® for achondroplasia. The company expects to be notified of sNDA acceptance by Q3 2026. • In May, at the Pediatric Endocrine Society’s (PES) annual meeting, BioMarin reported new data demonstrating the benefits of long-term treatment with VOXZOGO, including improvements in arm span, bone health, and quality of life. Data from ongoing long-term extension clinical trials showed that children who initiated VOXZOGO treatment after age 5 achieved mean height gains of +10.60cm after six years and +13.59cm (p<0.0001 for both) after eight years of treatment, as compared to natural history data. • In the second quarter, BioMarin expects to share BMN 401 Phase 3 topline data in children ages 1-to-12 yearold with ENPP1 deficiency. Regulatory submissions are anticipated in 2H’26 should the data be supportive, with a potential first-in-disease launch in 2027. • In the second quarter, the company expects to share Phase 3 topline data for VOXZOGO for hypochondroplasia. Regulatory submissions are anticipated in 2H’26 should the data be supportive, with a potential first-in-class launch in 2027. Enrollment is progressing in the Phase 2 study of VOXZOGO in children under 3 years old with hypochondroplasia. Growth • Increased full-year 2026 Total Revenues guidance, accelerating anticipated growth rate to 20% Y/Y, as a result of the addition of GALAFOLD for Fabry disease and POMBILITI + OPFOLDA to BioMarin’s commercial portfolio. • Enzyme Therapies revenue grew 6% Y/Y in the first quarter, driven by revenue growth for VIMIZIM ®, NAGLAZYME®, and BRINEURA®. Continued underlying patient demand in Q1 for PALYNZIQ was driven by an increase in enrollments and new starts in the under-18-year age group following label expansion in February. PALYNZIQ revenue is expected to increase over time with continued patient demand and as new adult and adolescent patients titrate up to maintenance dosing. As a result, full-year 2026 PALYNZIQ revenue is expected to increase year-over-year. • The number of children being treated with VOXZOGO increased by more than 20% Y/Y in the first quarter. As expected, large VOXZOGO orders in fourth quarter of 2025 resulted in modest Y/Y growth of 3% in the first quarter of 2026. Value Commitment • During the first quarter, the company secured financing of approximately $3.7 billion of non-convertible debt to support the Amicus acquisition, achieving favorable pricing across the capital structure. • BioMarin generated operating cash flows totaling $221 million in first quarter 2026. Total cash was approximately $2 billion as of the end of the quarter, and continued increasing operating cash flow is expected to support sustained investment in innovation and future growth. First Quarter 2026 Financial Highlights 2 • Total Revenues for the first quarter of 2026 were $766 million, an increase of $21 million compared to the same period in 2025, primarily driven by timing of large government orders outside the U.S. and increase in patient demand for Enzyme Therapies (ALDURAZYME ®, BRINEURA, NAGLAZYME, PALYNZIQ and VIMIZIM) as well as new patients initiating VOXZOGO therapy across all regions. The increase was partially offset by lower ROCTAVIAN® revenue attributed to voluntary withdrawal of the product from the market announced in the first quarter of 2026. • GAAP Net Income for the first quarter of 2026 decreased to $106 million compared to $186 million for the same period in 2025. The decrease in GAAP Net Income was primarily attributed to the following: ◦ higher Selling, General & Administrative (SG&A) spend primarily due to incremental administrative costs 