=== HAS_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors . In evaluating our business, the material risks described below, as well as other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission should be considered carefully. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. The occurrence of any of these events or circumstances could individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow or results of operations. This report contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary statements made under the heading "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" for more information on the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements. Strategic Risks Related to Our Business Our business will suffer if we are not successful in executing our business strategy. Our Playing to Win business strategy evolves around our mission to create joy and community through the magic of play and inspiring a lifetime of play. We are focused on extending the reach of our products globally to improve our position in the marketplace, increase revenue and increase operating profit. Failure to execute this strategic plan may harm our business. Our ability to successfully implement and execute these plans and initiatives is dependent on many factors, including, among other things: • our ability to successfully innovate, design, develop, price, commercialize and grow a focused group of brands to global consumers; • continuing to grow MAGIC: THE GATHERING and driving growth in DUNGEONS & DRAGONS as traditional trading card and role-playing games, as well as further expanding into digital offerings; • successfully growing and delivering on our digital gaming business; • successfully launching new digital studios and new digital games that gain customer acceptance; • continuing to grow our licensing business; and • returning our toy business to growth and increased profitability by optimizing the business, including through right-sizing our cost structure, creating efficiencies in our operations, and designing cost-effective products. Because our strategy emphasizes growing a focused set of franchises and expanding our higher-margin games and digital businesses, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, adverse trends affecting consumer demand for, or engagement with, any of these key brands could disproportionately impact our results of operations. In addition, the simultaneous pursuit of multiple strategic initiatives, including digital gaming development, licensing expansion, AI adoption, systems modernization and cost-saving initiatives, may strain management attention, organizational capacity and capital resources, and any failure to appropriately prioritize or allocate resources among these initiatives could adversely affect our business and result of operations. Our business will suffer if we are unable to develop, publish and commercialize digital games. A key component to the success of our strategy is to continue to develop, publish and commercialize digital games, including AAA/AA games, games as a service and licensed games based on our existing IP, as well as new and licensed IP. We have invested substantially in our digital gaming business. If we are unable to successfully launch and commercialize existing and new games, our business may be harmed. The digital gaming industry is highly competitive, including for talent, and costs associated with designing, developing and producing digital games and technologically advanced or sophisticated products tend to be higher than for many of our other more traditional products, with no assurance of success. As a result, we face increased risk of not achieving sales sufficient to recover our costs and we may lose money on the development and sale of these products. There is no guarantee that a given game will be successful and it is possible we may cease development on a game after significant investment. As a result, we face the risk of significant write-offs in the event a digital game’s development is discontinued prior to commercialization or is not as commercially successful as we planned. Designing, developing and producing digital gaming and other technologically advanced or innovative products often relies on third parties and requires different competencies and follows different timelines than traditional toys and games. Delays in the design, development or production of our digital gaming products or introduction of competitive digital game products in close proximity to our introduction could have a significant impact on our success. Further, the pace of change in product offerings and consumer tastes in electronics and digital gaming areas is potentially even greater than for our other products and this pace of change is expected to accelerate as 18 Table of Contents artificial intelligence is further incorporated into the development of games. If a digital game fails to gain consumer acceptance early in its life cycle, there are limited opportunities to gain such acceptance through secondary launches or distribution through alternative platforms. This pace of change or lack of consumer acceptance means that the window in which a digital gaming product can achieve and maintain consumer interest may be even shorter than traditional toys and games. We may not realize the full benefit of our licenses from third parties if the licensed material has less market appeal than expected, if revenue from the licensed products is not sufficient to earn out the minimum guaranteed royalties or if licenses are not renewed. A significant part of our strategy for our consumer products business and our Wizards and digital gaming business is to license premium and well-recognized intellectual property for the development of products. For example, we have licenses with The Walt Disney Company for the Marvel and Star Wars properties for toys and games, and for our Universes Beyond MAGIC: THE GATHERING sets we have licenses for key brands such as Final Fantasy , Spider-Man , Avatar , and Lord Of The Rings . In some cases, we may only obtain a license for certain aspects of an intellectual property or for certain territories, which means that some of our competitors may also use the same intellectual property for other categories or in different territories. Sales may be adversely affected if the licensed products do not resonate with new or existing consumers or if consumers reduce purchases due to the perception a brand is diluted given numerous options available. If we produce a line of products based on a movie or television series or digital game, the timing of release or overall success of the movie, series or digital game has a critical impact on the level of consumer interest in the associated products we offer. In addition, competition in our industry for access to premium brand properties is intense and can lessen our ability to secure, maintain, and renew popular licenses on beneficial terms. If we are unable to realize the full benefit of an important license, or if an important license is not renewed or is otherwise terminated, our business results may be harmed. The license agreements we enter to obtain these rights usually require us to pay minimum royalty guarantees that may be substantial, and in some cases may be greater than what we are ultimately able to recoup from actual sales, which could result in write-offs and could harm our results of operations. Acquiring or renewing licenses may require the payment of minimum guaranteed royalties that we consider to be too high to be profitable, which may result in losing licenses that we currently hold when they become available for renewal, or not pursuing certain new licenses. Additionally, as a licensee of premium-based properties, we cannot guarantee that a particular property or brand will translate into successful products, and underperformance of any such products may result in reduced revenues and operating profit for us. Third party licensees and partners of our brands may fail to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk. Licensing certain of our brands and intellectual property to third parties is also a significant part of our business strategy. Under these and other partner arrangements, we lose some control over how the brand or intellectual property is used, potentially leading to misuse or misrepresentation. The actions of third-party licensees and partners may put our business and reputation at risk if they do not maintain the quality of our products or otherwise do not operate in accordance with our standards. These third parties may fail to pay royalties or other agreed upon fees, which could lead to financial losses. It is also possible that these third parties could infringe on others intellectual property rights, which could result in legal issues for us. Further, disruptions in the financial markets, economic downturns, poor business decisions, or reputational harm may adversely affect these third-party licensees and may impact their ability to honor their obligations to us or we may cease our arrangements with them. Alternative arrangements may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner. As our strategy increasingly relies on third-party partners to invest in and scale experiences based on our intellectual property, reductions in partner investment, shifts in partner priorities or changes in economic conditions could limit the growth, reach or profitability of these initiatives. 19 Table of Contents Consumer interests change quickly and acceptance of our product offerings are influenced by technological and outside factors, making it difficult to design and develop innovative products and other offerings which are and will continue to be popular with children, families, fans and audiences. Our ability to successfully create innovative products that inspire a lifetime of play is affected by the interests of children, families, fans and audiences which evolve quickly and can change dramatically from year to year and by geography. To be successful, we must correctly anticipate the types of products, play patterns and entertainment which will capture consumers’ interests and imagination, and quickly develop and introduce innovative and value driven products and engaging entertainment which can compete successfully for consumers’ limited time, attention and spending. It is very difficult to predict consumer acceptance with certainty due to, among other things, the increasing utilization of technology at younger and younger ages, social media and digital media, the breadth of products and entertainment available to consumers, and outside factors such as influencers, critical reviews and promotions. Evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever-changing and expanding pipeline of products, technology and entertainment which compete for consumer interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products, technology and entertainment offerings can fail to achieve consumer acceptance or can be popular during a certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. As a result, our products and entertainment offerings can have short consumer life cycles with no guarantee of success. In addition, frequent product releases, cross-brand collaborations or expanded licensing initiatives may contribute to franchise fatigue or oversaturation, which could reduce long-term consumer engagement and diminish the value of our brands. Failure to correctly anticipate consumer interests, will harm our revenues and earnings. Technological developments, such as developments in artificial intelligence and shifts to streaming platforms for entertainment content, continue to evolve, and these developments may affect aspects of our existing business model, including revenue streams for the use of our intellectual property and how we create our products and games. As we incorporate AI tools into aspects of our business, including product and game development, we may face increased costs, operational complexity, IP and data governance challenges, and evolving regulatory requirements, any of which could adversely affect timelines, quality, or expected returns on investment. We may lose opportunities to capitalize on changing market dynamics, technological innovations or consumer tastes if we do not adapt to such changes in a timely manner. If we fail to accurately assess and effectively respond to changes in technology and consumer behavior in the markets in which we operate, our business may be harmed. The use of artificial intelligence in product and game development may also raise intellectual property, data sourcing, ethical or regulatory issues, and disputes or restrictions in these areas could increase costs, delay development or limit the use of certain technologies. Failure to achieve our anticipated cost-savings may impact our ability to operate efficiently and profitably. There are no assurances that we will achieve cost savings in the amounts we anticipate or within the anticipated timeframes or at all. In addition, any cost savings that we realize may be offset, in whole or in part, by reductions in net sales or through increases in other expenses. Failure to realize the expected cost savings from these cost savings programs could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, our revenues, market share and profitability could decline. The play industry is highly competitive, and if we fail to compete successfully, our business may be harmed. Our primary competition comes from toy and game companies, digital gaming companies and digital gaming developers. We compete with several large companies in our product categories, as well as with many smaller United States and international game and toy designers, manufacturers and marketers. In certain instances, we compete with large retailers, who offer such products under their own private labels, often at lower prices. Competition is based primarily on meeting consumer preferences and on the quality and play value of our products and experiences, and, in some cases, the timing of release of other products and games that attract a similar consumer. To a lesser extent, competition is also based on product pricing. We expect that as the use of artificial intelligence becomes more prevalent, we will continue to see increased competition from those using such technology to develop games, toys and content. In addition to existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the play industry are low. The use of digital media and the heightened connection between digital media and consumer interest, has further increased the ability for new participants to enter our markets, and has broadened the array of companies we compete with. For example, with the use of influencers and media outlets such as Tik Tok, new participants with a popular product idea can gain access to consumers and become a significant source of competition for our products in a very short period of time. These existing and new competitors may respond more rapidly than us to changes in consumer preferences or may design products that are more desirable than ours. Our competitors’ products may achieve 20 Table of Contents greater market acceptance than our products and potentially reduce demand for our products, lower our revenues and lower our profitability. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, dispositions or investments in joint ventures, or those benefits may be delayed or reduced in their realization. We cannot be certain that the products and offerings of companies we may acquire, or acquire an interest in, will achieve or maintain popularity with consumers in the future or that any such acquired companies or investments will allow us to more effectively market our products, develop our competencies or grow our business. In some cases, we expect that the integration of the companies that we may acquire will create production, marketing and other operating, revenue or cost synergies which will produce greater revenue growth and profitability and, where applicable, cost savings, operating efficiencies and other advantages. However, we cannot be certain that these synergies, efficiencies and cost savings will be realized. Even if achieved, these benefits may be delayed, reduced or short-lived in their realization. In other cases, we may acquire or invest in companies that we believe have strong and creative management, in which case we may plan to operate them more autonomously rather than fully integrating them into our operations. We cannot be certain that the key talented individuals at these companies would continue to work for us after the acquisition or that they would develop popular and profitable products, entertainment or services in the future. Acquisitions of businesses and brands could also be adversely affected by changes in our business strategy or external factors, such as any decision to sell, license or otherwise dispose of certain assets. We cannot guarantee that any acquisition, disposition, license or investment we may make will be successful or beneficial, and acquisitions, dispositions, licenses and investments can consume significant amounts of management attention and other resources, which may negatively impact other aspects of our business. Operational Risks Related to our Business Our business may be harmed by the imposition or threat of tariffs, including reciprocal or retaliatory tariffs, in markets in which we operate which could increase our product costs and other costs of doing business, reduce or delay purchases, impact consumer spending, or lower our revenues and earnings. The current global tariff environment remains uncertain. For products manufactured outside the U.S., tariffs increase the cost of our products. Tariffs may impact our sales and reduce our profitability. Tariffs may also impact consumer spending if products become more expensive or consumers have less discretionary income or consumer spending power. The current tariff environment, particularly the imposition or threat of tariffs on products manufactured in China for import into the U.S. as well the potential for retaliatory and reciprocal tariffs in other countries in which we do business, has in the past negatively impacted our business and may in the future negatively impact our business, sales and profitability. The threat and imposition of tariffs have resulted in the past, and may in the future result, in the elimination of some direct import orders, where customers take ownership of products near the source of supply and import the product themselves into the U.S., in favor of shifting to domestic orders, which requires us to ship the products to the U.S., and import and warehouse the products prior to delivery to the customer. This shift to domestic orders raises the cost to us, can result in delays in the time of a sale, and may result in the potential loss of some orders entirely due to the lack of timely supply or other delays. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement actions to lessen the impact of tariffs imposed on our products, including any changes to our supply chain, logistics capabilities, sales policies or pricing of our products. An inability to develop, introduce and ship planned products, product lines and new brands in a timely and cost-effective manner could result in excess inventory, a shortage of products or otherwise damage our business. In developing products, product lines and new brands we have anticipated dates for the associated product and brand introductions. When we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a particular product, product line or brand at a certain time in the future those expectations are based on completing the associated development, implementation, and marketing work in accordance with our currently anticipated development schedule. If we do not have in place appropriate systems and technology, or do not obtain sufficient data, analytics and insights, we may not be able to adequately predict demand for our products. If we fail to accurately forecast demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of product to deliver to our customers. Inventory levels in excess of demand have in the past resulted in, and may in the future result in inventory write-downs or write-offs, and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices or through less preferred distribution channels, which could harm our profit margins. If we do not operate our supply chain in an effective manner, we will not be able to manufacture, source and ship new or continuing products in a timely manner and on a cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers’ compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. 21 Table of Contents We are implementing new original design processes for some of our products in an effort to reduce costs and potentially enter into new or underserved markets. At the same time, we are also increasing sophistication of many of the brands and products we are designing and developing in terms of combining digital and traditional technologies, and providing greater innovation and product differentiation. Unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, or changes in anticipated consumer demand for our products and new brands may cause the introduction date for products to be later than anticipated, may reduce or eliminate the profitability of such products, result in excess inventory, or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued or not introduced in certain markets. If we are unable to navigate through global supply chain challenges, our business may be harmed. We have periodically faced global supply chain challenges with the production and delivery of some products being delayed due to logistics, including labor, trucking and container shortages, strikes, port congestion and other shipping disruptions. We experienced increases in material costs and shortages for some of our products, due in part to higher wages being paid due to labor shortages in China and Vietnam, as well as periodic and unpredictable manufacturing shut-downs or slow-downs due to COVID-19, political instability in certain port regions and tariffs. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to take actions, such as increase prices, to offset the entirety of additional costs we have incurred, and may incur in the future to mitigate the supply chain disruption. Further, if we are unable to negotiate favorable carrier agreements, deliver products on time or otherwise satisfy demand for our products, our business may be harmed. If we are unable to expand our direct-to-consumer relationships, our business may be harmed. Part of our strategy is to increase our reach with our consumers through direct-to consumer relationships created through ecommerce, social media, digital games and services. If we are unable to effectively connect with consumers through these channels, our business may be harmed. Similarly, if our technology and systems used to support direct-to-consumer order processing are not effective, our ability to deliver products on time on a cost-effective basis may be adversely affected. Failure to continue to adapt our systems and supply chain and successfully fulfill ecommerce sales could harm our business. The concentration of our customer base means that economic difficulties or changes in the purchasing or promotional policies or patterns of our major customers could have a significant impact on us. We depend upon a relatively small customer base to sell the majority of our products. During 2025, Amazon.com, Inc. and Wal-Mart, Inc. accounted for approximately 11% and 9%, respectively, of our consolidated net revenues. Similarly, sales of certain products of our Wizards business depend in part on the success of specialty hobby stores. Due to our customer concentration and customer base, if one or more of our major customers or specialty hobby stores were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us, favor competitors or new entrants, increase their direct competition with us by expanding their private-label business, change their purchasing patterns, impose unexpected fees on us, alter the manner in which they promote our products or the resources they devote to promoting and selling our products, or return substantial amounts of our products, our business may be harmed. Our customers generally do not enter into binding long-term purchase commitments with us and make all purchases by delivering purchase orders. Any customer could reduce its overall purchase of our products and reduce the number and variety of our products that it carries and the shelf space allotted for our products. In addition, increased concentration among our customers could negatively impact our ability to negotiate higher sales prices for our products and could result in lower margins than would otherwise be obtained if there were less consolidation among our customers. Furthermore, as we experienced with the bankruptcy of certain of our retailers in the past, the failure or lack of success of a significant retail customer could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. Our substantial business, sales and manufacturing operations outside the U.S. subject us to risks associated with international operations. We operate in numerous countries outside the U.S. Additionally, we utilize third-party manufacturers primarily located in the Far East, including China, Vietnam and India, to produce most of our products. These international operations, including operations in emerging markets, have unique consumer preferences and business climates, present additional challenges and are subject to risks that may significantly harm our sales, increase our costs or otherwise damage our business, including: • The imposition of tariffs as described in these risk factors, trade sanctions, quotas, border adjustment taxes or other protectionist measures; • Political instability, civil unrest and economic instability; 22 Table of Contents • Currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations; • Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross-border transactions, which can materially increase our taxes and other costs of doing business; • Greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights; • Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws and regulations and related enforcement, as such laws and policies relate to our products and approval of entertainment; • Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be different from the U.S.; • Natural disasters and the greater difficulty and cost in recovering therefrom; • Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes, labor shortages and other events causing transportation delays and interruptions; • Increased investment and operational complexity to make our products compatible with systems in various countries and compliant with local laws; and • Changes in international labor costs and other costs of doing business internationally. Because of the importance of international sales, sourcing and manufacturing to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed if any of the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our increasing global business and operating in an environment with these risks. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers presents risks to our business. Most of our toy and game products are manufactured by third-party manufacturers, a substantial but decreasing number of which are in China, and a significant amount of our product sourcing also coming from manufacturers in the U.S., Vietnam, India and Japan. Should changes be necessary, our external sources of manufacturing can be shifted over a significant period of time to alternative sources of supply. Working with vendors who have not historically manufactured products for us means these new vendors must successfully develop the capability to manufacture our products to the quality and safety standards we require and within the tight timeframe required by our customers. Newer and less experienced vendors are more susceptible to product quality, logistics and other issues, due in part to their less mature infrastructure or unfamiliarity with our product standards. In addition, our increased use of original design manufacturers ("ODMs") to support cost efficiency and speed to market may reduce our direct control over product design, quality, sourcing and manufacturing processes, and any failure by ODM partners to meet our design specifications, quality standards, delivery requirements or compliance obligations could adversely affect our products, brand reputation, margins and results of operations. If we were prevented or delayed in obtaining products or compon

=== HAS_2026-05-13.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, in Part I of our 2025 Form 10-K and in our subsequent filings, including in this filing, should be considered. The risks set forth in our 2025 Form 10-K and in our subsequent filings, including in this filing, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Except as set forth below, there are no material changes from the risk factors as previously disclosed in our 2025 Form 10-K, in any of our subsequently filed reports or as otherwise set forth in this Quarterly Report. Our business could be significantly harmed as a result of compromise of our electronic data. We and our third-party manufacturers and other business partners maintain significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world and in the cloud. This data relates to all aspects of our business, including current and future products and entertainment under development, and also contains certain customer, consumer, supplier, partner and employee data. We and our partners maintain systems and processes designed to protect this data, but notwithstanding such protective systems and processes, there have been, and in the future may be, intrusions, cyber-attacks, tampering, or other authorized access, whether intentional or unintentional, that have compromised, and could in the future, compromise the integrity and privacy of this data. Intrusions, cyber-attacks, tampering, and other unauthorized access continue to increase in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect and prevent. They are often carried out by motivated, well-resourced, skilled and persistent actors, including nation states, organized crime groups, “hacktivists” and employees or contractors acting with malicious intent. Intrusions, cyber-attacks, tampering, and other unauthorized access could include the deployment of harmful malware and key loggers, ransomware, a denial-of-service attack, a malicious website, artificial intelligence, the use of social engineering and other means to affect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our or third-party technology systems and data. Intrusions, cyber-attacks, tampering, and other unauthorized access could also include supply chain attacks, which could cause a delay in the manufacturing of our products. In addition, we provide confidential and proprietary information to our third-party manufacturers and business partners to conduct our business. While we obtain assurances from those parties that they have systems 36 and processes in place to protect such data, and where applicable, that they will take steps to assure the protections of such data by third parties, those manufacturers and partners may also be subject to data intrusion or otherwise compromise the protection of such data. The risk of data loss or breaches is heightened during uncertain economic times, changes in business strategy and reductions in workforce. Any compromise of the confidential data of our customers, consumers, suppliers, partners, employees or ourselves, or failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of or damage to this data through breach of our information technology systems, or those of our third party manufacturers and other business partners, as well as any related security incident response, containment, remediation, or mitigation efforts, could substantially disrupt our operations, result in delays of shipping products, result in delays in making or receiving payments, harm our customers, consumers, employees and other business partners, damage our reputation, violate applicable laws and regulations, subject us to potentially significant costs and liabilities and/or result in a loss of business that could be material. For example, in late March 2026, we identified unauthorized access to our network. Upon discovery, we promptly activated our security incident response protocols, implemented containment measures, including proactively taking certain systems offline, and launched an investigation with the assistance of third-party cybersecurity professionals. Based on analysis with the assistance of outside cybersecurity experts and information to date, we believe the unauthorized access has been contained and we are making progress in fully restoring our systems and operations. Despite our efforts to control and remediate the impacts and risks related to the unauthorized access to our network, the duration and magnitude of the related operational disruption may be greater than we currently anticipate; the effectiveness of our response, our business continuity plans and our ongoing assessment of the impact of the unauthorized access may be inadequate and thus fail to prevent adverse effects on our business, operations, financial results, and financial reporting; and any further impacts related to the unauthorized access or other similar unauthorized activity may result in increased costs, including from any legal proceedings. For more information, refer to Part I, Item 2. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation – Unauthorized Network Access.” Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. In February 2026, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion in Common Stock, which may be repurchased in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. This authorization replaces and supersedes all prior approved share repurchase authorization and has no expiration date. The Company has no obligation to repurchase shares under this authorization. The timing, actual number and value of the shares that are repurchased, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including the price of the Company’s stock and the Company's generation of, and uses for, cash. During the three months ended March 29, 2026, the Company's discretionary share repurchases, in millions of dollars except shares and per share data, were as follows: 2026 Fiscal Month Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Share Repurchase Authorization Total Remaining Authorization December 29 to January 25 — $ — — $ — January 26 to March 1 — $ — — $ 1,000 March 2 to March 29 82,559 $ 93.3 82,559 $ 992 82,559 $ 93.3 82,559 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. During the three months ended March 29, 2026, none of our officers or directors adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) and (c) of Regulation S-K. 37 Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 3.2 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated June 28, 2000. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 3.3 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated May 19, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 29, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 3.4 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 30, 2022, File No. 1-6682.) 3.5 Certificate of Designations of Series C Junior Participating Preference Stock of Hasbro, Inc. dated June 29, 1999. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 3.6 Certificate of Vote(s) authorizing a decrease of class or series of any class of shares. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Qua