=== WFC_2026-03-18.htm.gz ===
wfc-20260318 DEF 14A 0000072971 false WELLS FARGO COMPANY/MN iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0000072971 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000072971 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000072971 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000072971 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000072971 wfc:StockAwardsAdjustmentsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 wfc:OptionAwardsAdjustmentsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 wfc:StockAwardsAdjustmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000072971 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Wells Fargo Company (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements and Website and Report References : This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as anticipates, intends, plans, seeks, believes, estimates, expects, target, aim, projects, outlook, forecast, will, may, could, should, can, and similar references to future periods. In particular, forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make about our expectations for our operations and business and our plans, goals, targets, commitments, objectives, and strategies (including those related to governance practices, sustainability, and human capital matters). Forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts, but instead represent our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy, and other future conditions. The inclusion of such statements is not an indication that these contents are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements due to several factors. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. We caution you, therefore, against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Any forward-looking statement made by us speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, and notwithstanding any historical practice of doing so, except as may be required by law. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on data, methodologies, or models that are subject to measurement uncertainties or other limitations, strategies and stakeholder expectations that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. References throughout this document to websites and our reports, including our Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2025, are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites or reports is not incorporated by reference into this document. We do not endorse, are not responsible for, and assume no liability for any third-party content contained on the referenced websites or reports. Table of Contents Letter to Our Shareholders From Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 18, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders, We invite you to attend Wells Fargo s 2026 Shareholder Meeting to be held on Tuesday, April 28, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time. This year s Shareholder Meeting will again be held in a virtual format through a live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WFC2026 . At the Shareholder Meeting, shareholders will vote on a number of important matters and will be provided an opportunity to ask questions. Your vote is important to us. We encourage you to vote as soon as possible by one of the methods described in your proxy materials, even if you plan to attend the virtual Shareholder Meeting. Please take the time to carefully read the Proxy Statement, which explains more about the matters to be voted on at the Shareholder Meeting, proxy voting, and other key information on how to participate. I also encourage you to read our 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders, which includes my letter to our shareholders. As always, thank you for your continued investment in, and support of, Wells Fargo. Sincerely, Charles W. Scharf Chairman and CEO Table of Contents Letter to Our Shareholders From Our Lead Independent Director March 18, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders, I write to you today reflecting on Wells Fargo s transformational year in 2025 and its very bright future. Under CEO Charlie Scharf s leadership, the Company has reached key regulatory milestones, including the termination of all outstanding consent orders and the removal of the asset cap that had been in place since 2018. Wells Fargo is a fundamentally different company today, focused on delivering best-in-class returns across each business segment, and well-positioned to take advantage of additional opportunities for growth. Our Board congratulates Charlie and the entire organization for all that has been accomplished. Wells Fargo has strong momentum as it continues to invest in its core businesses, technology and operational capabilities to meet the evolving needs of customers and communities. The Company has unique advantages that will help it compete effectively and deliver long-term value for shareholders all while remaining grounded in effective leadership, disciplined execution and strong governance. I am also pleased to share that in 2025, following ongoing discussion and review, the Board s independent directors appointed Charlie as Chairman of the Board, and I was named Lead Independent Director. The Board believes this leadership structure most appropriately serves the Company and our shareholders at this time, and we look forward to Charlie s continued guidance and strategic direction, supported by strong independent Board leadership, as Wells Fargo navigates its next chapter. The progress the Company has made would not be possible without Wells Fargo s employees. Their dedication to customers and perseverance in seeing this work through have been essential to the Company s advancement. I am deeply grateful for their many contributions. To our shareholders: your continued investment and confidence in Wells Fargo has also been key to the Company s transformation. Thank you. Sincerely, Steven D. Black Lead Independent Director of the Board Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Meeting Information When Where Record Date: Tuesday, April 28, 2026 www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WFC2026 March 2, 2026 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time Agenda Item Board Recommendation For More Information 1 Election of 12 director nominees named in this Proxy Statement FOR all nominees page 3 2 Advisory resolution to approve executive compensation (Say on Pay) FOR page 45 3 Proposal to amend and restate the Company s 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan FOR page 87 4 Proposal to ratify KPMG as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR page 98 5-10 Shareholder proposals, if properly presented at the meeting AGAINST page 103 11 Consider any other business properly brought before the meeting How to Attend the Meeting Online Our 2026 Shareholder Meeting will be held by remote communication in a virtual-only format, allowing our shareholders to participate from anywhere with internet connectivity. Shareholders of Record: To attend the Shareholder Meeting, including to vote and ask questions during the meeting, you must log in to the meeting using the valid control number printed on your voting materials. Street Name Holders: Please refer to the Voting and Other Meeting Information section of this Proxy Statement for additional information on voting and how to attend the meeting. By Order of Our Board of Directors, Janet McGinness Corporate Secretary Your Vote is Important! Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, we encourage you to vote your shares prior to the meeting in one of the following ways: By Internet Go to the website listed in your notice of internet availability of the proxy materials, your proxy card, or your voting instruction form ( voting materials ) By Phone Call the toll-free voting number on your voting materials By Mail Mail your completed and signed proxy card or voting instruction form By Mobile Device Scan the QR Barcode on your voting materials This Notice and the accompanying Proxy Statement, 2025 Annual Report, and Proxy Card were first made available to shareholders on or about March 18, 2026. You may vote if you owned shares of our common stock at the close of business as of the record date (March 2, 2026). Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be Held on April 28, 2026: Wells Fargo s 2026 Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2025, are available at: www.proxyvote.com . Table of Contents Table of Contents Proxy Summary i Shareholder Engagement 1 Board and G overnance Matters 3 Item 1 E lection of Directors 3 Our Director Nominees 4 Our Nominees Skills and Experience 4 B iogra phies of Directors 6 Direc tor Independe nce 18 Board Structure and Operations 19 Our Board Leadership Structure 19 Governance Practices 21 Director Nomination and Succession Planning Process 22 Board Evaluation Process 25 Board Oversight 26 Management Succession Planning and Development 26 Strategy and Risk Oversight 26 Our Board Committee Structure 30 Other Policies and Practices 35 Director Engagement 35 Director Orientation, Training and Education 36 Director Compensation 36 Information About Related Person Transactions 39 Ownership of Our Common Stock 41 Human Capital Management 44 Executive Compensation 45 Item 2 Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation (Say on Pay) 45 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 46 Compensation Governance Oversight 53 2025 Executive Compensation Program 55 Performance Assessment and Variable Compensation Determination Process 58 2025 Named Executive Officer Compensation 60 Compensation Policies and Practices 73 Executive Compensation Tables 77 CEO Pay Ratio and Median Employee Annual Total Compensation 83 Pay Versus Performance 84 Item 3 Proposal to A mend and R estate the Company s 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan 87 Description of the 2022 LT I P 89 Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences 93 Equity Compensation Plan Information 95 Audit Matters 98 Item 4 Proposal to R atify KPMG as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 98 Audit Committee Report 98 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 101 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 101 Shareholder Proposals 103 Items 5 through 10 Shareholder Proposals 103 Additional Information 121 Voting and Other Meeting Information 121 Notes on Non-GAAP Financial Measures 130 Other Financial Information 133 A p pendix A Wells Fargo Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan 134 Table of Contents Proxy Summary This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Our Business Wells Fargo is a leading financial services company that proudly serves consumers, small businesses, and middle market and large companies. We are a U.S.-focused bank with scale across our businesses. We partner with our customers to help them achieve their financial goals and with our communities to make a positive impact. We provide a diversified set of banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, through our four reportable operating segments: Consumer Banking and Lending Commercial Banking Corporate and Investment Banking Wealth and Investment Management For fiscal year 2025, our business and key financial results included: approximately $2.1 trillion in assets as of December 31, 2025 approximately 205,000 active employees as of December 31, 2025 $83.7B $54.8B $28.9B 1 $21.3B $6.26 Revenue Noninterest Expense Pre-Tax Pre-Provision Profit Net Income Diluted Earnings Per Common Share (EPS) 12.4% 2 14.6% 3 10.6% 4 66% 5 ~$23B Return on Equity (ROE) Return on Tangible Common Equity (ROTCE) Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Ratio Efficiency Ratio capital distributed to shareholders 1. Refer to Other Financial Information , page 133 , Note 1 for a further discussion of Pre-Tax Pre-Provision Profit. 2. Refer to Other Financial Information , page 133 , Note 2 for a further discussion of ROE. 3. ROTCE is a non-GAAP financial measure. For additional information, including a corresponding reconciliation to GAAP financial measures, see Notes on Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 130 . 4. Refer to Other Financial Information , page 133 , Note 3 for a further discussion of CET1 Ratio. 5. Refer to Other Financial Information , page 133 , Note 4 for a further discussion of Efficiency Ratio. 2026 Proxy Statement i Table of Contents Proxy Summary Our Strategic Pillars As we continue our transformation, our strategic pillars remain consistent and continue to guide our long-term strategy. Customer-Centric Culture and Conduct Operational Excellence Risk and Control Culture Technology and Innovation Financial Strength Our Transformation So Far, with Opportunities Ahead We are a stronger, more focused company, positioned for sustained success through disciplined execution and leadership stability. Since 2019, the Company has achieved strong financial performance and created substantial shareholder value including while having operated under a limit on growth in total assets until June 2025. Following the Federal Reserve s removal of the asset cap, we are positioned for additional growth opportunities ahead. Risk and Control Simplified Business Efficiency Saves Investment Capital Return Substantial progress since 2019 14 Consent orders terminated Asset cap removed Built appropriate risk and control framework 12 Businesses sold or exited Simplified businesses to focus on core franchise ~$ 15B Gross expense saves (2021 - 2025) Reduced expenses on significant efficiency agenda Built and maintained a strong executive team Invested in people and technology to improve capabilities and product offerings 26 % Reduction in average common shares outstanding Repurchased shares and consistently raised dividend with opportunities ahead Improve and simplify risk and control infrastructure Improve returns through growth across all our businesses Continue to execute on efficiency initiatives Invest across all our businesses, including Credit Card, Wealth Management and Corporate and Investment Banking ( CIB ) Focus on capital optimization and managing our CET1 ratio down to 10-10.5% Recognizing Our Employees The removal of the asset cap was a major milestone made possible by the dedication of all our employees. In recognition of their achievement, full-time employees generally received a special $2,000 award, for most in the form of restricted share rights. The award offers the opportunity to share in the Company s success. Additionally, to recognize employees work to help our customers, strengthen our communities and create value for our stakeholders, we awarded an additional cash payment to approximately 90,000 employees globally who met certain eligibility requirements, including performance and compensation limits. For eligible U.S. employees, the payment was $1,100, while eligible employees outside of the U.S. received a payment with a value adjusted to reflect local market conditions. ii Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Proxy Summary Item 1 Election of 12 Director Nominees Our Board recommends that you vote FOR each of these director nominees for a one-year term. See page 3 Director Nominees The following provides summary information about each director nominee. 1 Name and Primary Occupation Age Director Since Committee Membership Audit Committee Finance Committee Governance and Nominating Committee Human Resources Committee Risk Committee Steven D. Black Lead Independent Director Former Co-CEO, Bregal Investments, Inc. 73 2020 Mark A. Chancy Independent Former Vice Chair, SunTrust Banks, Inc. 61 2020 Theodore F. Craver, Jr. Independent Former Chair, President and CEO, Edison International 74 2018 Richard K. Davis Independent Former President and CEO, Make-A-Wish America; Former CEO and Executive Chai r, U.S. Bancorp 68 2022 Fabian T. Garcia Independent Global President, Personal Care, Unilever PLC 66 2024 Wayne M. Hewett Independent Senior Advisor, Permira 61 2019 CeCelia G. Morken Independent Former CEO, Headspace 68 2022 Maria R. Morris Independent Former EVP and Head, Global Employee Benefits business , MetLife 63 2018 Felicia F. Norwood Independent EVP and Chief Health Benefits Officer, Elevance Health, Inc. 66 2022 Ronald L. Sargent Independent Chair and Former Interim CEO , The Kroger Co.; Former CEO and Chair, Staples, Inc. 70 2017 Charles W. Scharf Chairman and CEO, Wells Fargo 61 2019 Suzanne M. Vautrinot Independent President, Kilovolt Consulting, Inc. 66 2015 Chair Member 1. Our Board currently consists of 13 directors. Director Celeste A. Clark, who currently serves on the Governance and Nominating Committee, is not standing for re-election and will retire as a director as of the date of the 2026 Shareholder Meeting. At that time, the size of the Board will be reduced to 12 directors. 2026 Proxy Statement iii Table of Contents Proxy Summary Item 2 Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation (Say on Pay) Our Board recommends that you vote FOR the advisory resolution to approve the 2025 compensation of our Named Executive Officers. See page 45 Compensation Design Our executive compensation program is designed to incentivize our Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ) to deliver long-term shareholder value with sound risk management discipline, with the majority of their total compensation delivered in the form of long-term equity awards that are subject to ongoing risk and service conditions, and for performance share awards, achieving pre-determined three-year financial performance goals. Pay for Performance Compensation is linked to Company, individual, and, as applicable, line of business performance, and creating long-term value consistent with the interests of shareholders. Promote Effective Risk Management Compensation promotes effective risk management and discourages imprudent or excessive risk-taking. Attract and Retain Talent People are one of the Company s competitive advantages; therefore, compensation helps attract, motivate, and retain people with the skills, talent, and experience to drive superior long-term Company performance. Compensation Actions 2025 CEO Compensation Highlights The Human Resources Committee ( HRC ) approved, and the Board ratified, total CEO compensation of $40.0 million for performance year 2025 in recognition of Mr. Scharf s strong leadership in driving improved financial performance, investing in our businesses to drive growth and returns, and making significant progress on risk and regulatory work. In addition, following the termination of the asset cap in 2025, the independent directors approved a special equity award with a total grant-date value of approximately $60 million to promote retention and recognize our CEO s leadership in driving Wells Fargo s transformation and creating significant shareholder value. The Board s and the HRC s approach and decision criteria for these actions, and for determining total compensation for the other NEOs, are detailed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis . Compensation Governance In 2025, the HRC eliminated pre-set total compensation targets for our NEOs while leaving unchanged its rigorous, holistic, principles-based evaluation of individual, Company-wide, and, when relevant, business unit performance against pre-established financial and non-financial goals, in an effort to maintain alignment with business priorities and shareholder interests; additional details are provided in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis . Following the disclosure of the special equity award for our CEO and the removal of pre-set total compensation targets, we contacted institutional investors, in part to proactively seek feedback on our executive compensation program. Throughout these engagements, we received thoughtful feedback that helped inform our disclosures in this Proxy Statement describing the Board s executive compensation determinations. Our executive compensation program is designed to align with our business, performance, risk, and talent needs and reinforces our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy. We adhere to widely recognized compensation practices described throughout the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement. iv Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Proxy Summary Item 3 Proposal to Amend and Restate the Company s 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan Our Board recommends that you vote FOR the proposal to amend and restate the Company s 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. See page 87 Item 3 seeks approval of the amended and restated 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( 2022 LTIP ) to (i) increase the number of shares available for grant under the 2022 LTIP by 45 million and (ii) extend the expiration date of the 2022 LTIP to the tenth anniversary of the 2026 Shareholder Meeting. Equity-based awards are a fundamental part of how we align compensation with our shareholders interests, and the 2022 LTIP plays a critical role in our pay-for-performance compensation program. Item 4 Proposal to Ratify KPMG as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 Our Board recommends that you vote FOR the proposal to ratify the appointment of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. See page 98 The Audit Committee is responsible for the selection, compensation, retention, and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm appointed to audit our Company s financial statements. The Audit Committee has appointed KPMG LLP ( KPMG ) as the Company s independent auditor for the year ending December 31, 2026. As a matter of good corporate governance, the Board is requesting that our shareholders ratify KPMG s appointment. Items 5 through 10 Shareholder Proposals Our Board recommends that you vote AGAINST each shareholder proposal. See page 103 Shareholders will vote on six shareholder proposals (Items 5 through 10), if they are properly presented at our Shareholder Meeting and not previously withdrawn or otherwise excluded. 2026 Proxy Statement v Table of Contents Shareholder Engagement How We Engage Our Shareholders As part of our aim to maintain effective corporate governance practices and to help us better understand the views of our investors on key topics, we proactively reach out to, and engage with, our shareholders year-round. The feedback we receive from shareholders during these meetings helps inform the Company s and the Board s decision-making. Year-Round Engagement Overseen by Our Board Additional Ways We Engage with Our Shareholders We conduct proactive outreach and engage with institutional investors throughout the year. We also engage periodically with other investors and stakeholders. Feedback from engagement with investors and other stakeholders is summarized and shared with relevant Board committees and, as appropriate, the Board. We communicate with investors via quarterly earnings calls. We participate in periodic industry presentations and conferences. We host regular calls with shareholders and investor groups. Communicating with Our Board Shareholders and other interested parties can send correspondence to our Board, including our Board s Lead Independent Director or our non-employee or independent directors as a group, by: sending an email to BoardCommunications@wellsfargo.com ; or sending a letter to Wells Fargo Company, P.O. Box 63750 or P.O. Box 63710, San Francisco, California 94163. Additional information about communicating with our directors and our process for reviewing communications sent to the Board or its members is provided on our website at: https://www.wellsfargo.com/about/corporate/governance/contact . Engagement Following the 2025 Shareholder Meeting Total contacted 61% of total outstanding shares Total engaged 59% of total outstanding shares 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents Shareholder Engagement Our Board s Responsiveness to Shareholders Feedback from our shareholders informs the Board s perspective. Our Board takes the submission of shareholder proposals seriously, and we seek to engage with all proponents and other shareholders on matters of interest to them. Our Response to Key Topics Discussed Following the 2025 Shareholder Meeting What We Heard Our Board s Perspectives Combined CEO-Chair Role Shareholders generally appreciated the Board s evaluation of its leadership structure, with many sharing the view that the Board is best positioned to determine the structure that most appropriately serves the Company and our shareholders at any given time. Select other shareholders indicated that as a matter of policy they only support leadership structures with an independent chair, irrespective of the Company s current priorities and circumstances and the Board s processes and practices for maintaining effective independent oversight. Shareholders encouraged disclosure about the Board s decision to combine the roles. Shareholders were also generally supportive of the Lead Independent Director s key responsibilities, and acknowledged the prevalence of our current Board leadership structure among our peers. For more information on the Board s determination to combine the CEO and Chair roles and appoint a Lead Independent Director, see Our Board Leadership Stru c ture and our Statement in Opposition to Item 5 . Executive Compensation Shareholders were broadly supportive of our CEO s strong performance in driving the Company s regulatory progress and improved financial performance, and recognized the importance of retention when discussing the Board s rationale for the special equity award for our CEO. Shareholders encouraged disclosure about the structural elements of the award that are designed to promote retention and align with long-term shareholder value creation. Shareholders generally noted the consistent support for our executive compensation programs and encouraged continued disclosure about the HRC s process and compensation determinations. For more information on the Board s executive compensation determinations, see Shareholder Engagement Following the 2025 Shareholder Meeting within the Compensation Discussion and Analysis . Other Topics Board Composition and Oversight: Shareholders were interested in discussing the Board s refreshment process. Shareholder Proposal Approach: Certain shareholders asked about our approach to shareholder proposals for the 2026 proxy season. For more information on Board refreshment, see Director Nomination and Succession Planning Process . For more information about our shareholder proposal approach, see Shareholder Proposals . 2 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Item 1 Election of Directors Our Board recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of the 12 director nominees for a one-year term. Director Nominees for Election Our Board believes the 12 director nominees bring the right mix of professional experiences, capabilities, and perspectives to provide effective oversight and governance of our Company s strategy and risk management. All nominees are currently directors of Wells Fargo Company and were last elected at the 2025 Shareholder Meeting. All nominees are independent except our CEO. Our Board composition is informed by the Board s comprehensive annual self-evaluation and feedback received from shareholders. In addition, our Board has policies establishing a director retirement age and limitation on other public company board service. Our Board and committee members are actively engaged, with 53 total meetings in 2025 and an average attendance over 98%. We have a consistent annual shareholder engagement program to better understand the views of our shareholders. 92% of director nominees are independent, including our Lead Independent Director 6 years average tenure of independent director nominees Directors are elected at each annual meeting of shareholders and hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Each nominee has consented to being named in this Proxy Statement and has agreed to serve if elected. If a nominee is unable to stand for election, the Board may either reduce the number of directors to be elected or select a substitute nominee. If a substitute nominee is selected, the proxy holders may vote your shares for the substitute nominee. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Our Director Nominees Our Nominees Skills and Experience As described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board has identified the following minimum qualifications for any new candidates for director: Character and Integrity Management or Leadership Experience Financial Literacy or Other Relevant Professional or Business Experience Independent Thinking and Constructive Collegiality The Governance and Nominating Committee ( GNC ) and our Board desire an appropriate balance of experience, education, skills, background, and other qualities and attributes that are relevant to our business, strategy, risk profile, and risk appetite. In addition to the minimum qualifications set forth above, the following skills and experiences contribute to a well-balanced Board that continues to develop and provide valuable oversight as the Company continues to progress into the next phase of our transformation. Skill/Experience Description Strategic Planning, Business Development Operations Experience as CEO or in other executive leadership roles defining and driving strategic direction and growth and managing operations of a business or large organization Risk Management Experience managing risks in a large organization, including specific types of risk (e.g., financial, cyber, compliance, operational) Financial Services Experience in consumer banking, wholesale/institutional, wealth management, or other financial services Regulatory Experience in regulatory matters or affairs, including as part of a regulated financial services firm or in another highly regulated industry Human Capital Management Experience in managing and developing human capital, including compensation and succession planning Consumer, Marketing, Digital Experience in a client services or consumer retail business, including mobile and digital consumer experiences, or marketing Information Security, Cybersecurity, Technology Experience in information security, data privacy, cybersecurity, or use of technology to facilitate business operations and customer service Accounting, Financial Reporting Experience as a CFO, accountant, or auditor at a large accounting firm or other relevant experience, including service as a member of a public company audit committee Corporate Governance Experience in corporate governance matters, including through service as a chair or lead director of a board of directors Sustainability Experience in sustainability matters, including as part of a business, service as a member of a relevant board committee, or from relationships with stakeholders Government, Public Policy Experience in government affairs and public policy, including as part of a business or positions with government organizations or regulatory bodies International Experience doing business internationally or focused on international issues and operations 4 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Our Director Nominees Qualifications The following matrix highlights the skills and experiences relied on most by the Board in recommending each nominee; the absence of a designation does not mean a director does not possess that particular skill or experience. Each director also contributes important skills, knowledge, experience, viewpoints, and perspectives to our Board not reflected below. Strategic Planning, Business Development Operations Risk Management Financial Services Regulatory Human Capital Management Consumer, Marketing, Digital Information Security, Cybersecurity, Technology Accounting, Financial Reporting Corporate Governance Sustainability Government, Public Policy International Steven D. Black (Lead Independent Director) Former Co-CEO, Bregal Investments, Inc. Mark A. Chancy Former Vice Chair, SunTrust Banks, Inc. Theodore F. Craver, Jr. Former Chair, President and CEO, Edison International Richard K. Davis Former President and CEO, Make-A-Wish America; Former CEO and Executive Chair, U.S. Bancorp Fabian T. Garcia Global President, Personal Care, Unilever PLC Wayne M. Hewett Senior Advisor, Permira CeCelia G. Morken Former CEO, Headspace Maria R. Morris Former EVP and Head, Global Employee Benefits business, MetLife Felicia F. Norwood EVP and Chief Health Benefits Officer, Elevance Health, Inc. Ronald L. Sargent Chair and Former Interim CEO, The Kroger Co.; Former CEO and Chair, Staples, Inc. Charles W. Scharf Chairman and CEO, Wells Fargo Suzanne M. Vautrinot President, Kilovolt Consulting, Inc. Total % 100% 100% 58% 67% 100% 58% 50% 58% 83% 83% 25% 75% Denotes each director s primary skills 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Biographies of Directors Biographical information about each of our 12 director nominees is set forth below. For each nominee, this includes the key qualifications, skills, and experience that support the Board s recommendation that the nominee serve as a director of Wells Fargo, as well as on any committees to which he or she is assigned. Steven D. Black Lead Independent Director Former Co-CEO, Bregal Investments, Inc. , an international private equity firm (September 2012 December 2021) Board Committees Finance Committee, Governance Nominating Committee, Human Resources Committee Age 73 Director Since April 2020 (Chair of the Board, August 2021 through October 2025) Prior Public Company Directorships The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation Nasdaq, Inc. Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Extensive experience in international and strategic planning and operations from holding key strategic roles at financial institutions such as JPMorgan and Citigroup Significant experience and leadership handling risk management , including cybersecurity , throughout career as an executive at financial institutions, providing the ability to effectively lead the Board in overseeing the risks our Company faces 45-year career in financial services , investment banking, and private equity industries, including as vice chair of JPMorgan and executive chair of its investment bank, and in senior roles at Citigroup, with particular experience in wholesale/institutional banking and wealth management areas that are key to our business Experience in human capital management issues developed in senior leadership roles, including as a member of JPMorgan s operating and executive committees, with additional experience as chair of the management compensation committee of Nasdaq, Inc., a global technology company Corporate governance and regulatory experience from public company board service at highly regulated financial services companies, as a board member of Nasdaq, and as a former board member of The Bank of New York Mellon Prior Experience Vice Chair , JPMorgan, a global financial services company (2010 2011) Executive Chair , JPMorgan s investment bank (2009 2010) Co-CEO , JPMorgan s investment bank (2004 2009) Deputy Co-CEO , JPMorgan s investment bank (2003 2004) Head of JPMorgan investment bank s Global Equities business (2000 2003) Various leadership roles , Citigroup, a global financial services company, and its predecessor firms (pre-2000) 6 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Mark A. Chancy Independent Former Vice Chair, SunTrust Banks, Inc. , a bank holding company (February 2018 December 2019) Board Committees Audit Committee, Finance Committee Age 61 Director Since August 2020 Prior Public Company Directorships EVO Payments, Inc. Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Relevant strategic and operational and risk management experience gained from tenure in various senior executive positions with SunTrust, a U.S. bank holding company Risk expert under federal banking regulations 30+ year career in the financial services industry, including a broad range of leadership roles at SunTrust spanning areas applicable to our Company, including wholesale banking, consumer banking (including mortgage banking, consumer lending and wealth management), corporate and investment banking, and financial management, as well as marketing and data and analytics matters Regulatory experience gained in various senior leadership roles at a bank holding company subject to federal banking regulations and other regulatory matters Significant executive leadership and human capital management experience developed throughout career in financial services industry, including as former vice chair and co-COO at SunTrust Experience as former CFO and treasurer of SunTrust and as former member of the audit committee of EVO Payments, a payments technology and services provider company, provides accounting and financial reporting experience relevant to our Company Financial expert, as defined in SEC Regulation S-K Prior Experience Co-COO and Consumer Segment Executive , SunTrust (2017 2019) Corporate EVP and Wholesale Banking Executive , SunTrust (2011 2017) CFO , SunTrust (2004 2011) Treasurer , SunTrust (2001 2004) CFO , The Robinson-Humphrey Company, Inc. (acquired by SunTrust, 2001) Mr. Chancy is also a member of the board of directors of the Company s principal banking subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Theodore F. Craver, Jr. Independent Former Chair, President and CEO, Edison International , an electric utility holding company (April 2008 September 2016) Board Committees Audit Committee ( Chair ), Finance Committee, Governance Nominating Committee Age 74 Director Since January 2018 Other Current Public Company Directorships Duke Energy Corporation (Independent Chair, corporate governance committee chair; compensation and people development committee) Prior Public Company Directorships Edison International Health Net, Inc. Other Leadership Service Member, advisory board, Center on Cyber and Technology Innovation Former Member, Economic Advisory Council, Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Risk management experience developed from many years in key management positions in heavily regulated industries, including as former chair, president, and CEO at Edison International, an electric utility holding company, as well as from current and former board leadership roles at various companies, which also provides corporate governance experience Significant financial services industry knowledge gained from 23 years of experience in the banking industry, including insights related to our wholesale/institutional and wealth management businesses from holding senior roles at First Interstate Bancorp, a predecessor company of Wells Fargo Extensive regulatory experience with highly regulated industries, from holding senior management positions at Edison International and First Interstate Bancorp, as well as from former membership on the Economic Advisory Council of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Deep understanding of cybersecurity oversight stemming from board and executive experience and service as an advisory board member of the Center on Cyber and Technology Innovation, with additional insights into sustainability matters Holds CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the National Association of Corporate Directors Prior experience as CFO and treasurer at various points in career provides relevant accounting and financial reporting experience, with additional insights given service as the chair of the audit committee of Duke Energy Corporation Financial expert, as defined in SEC Regulation S-K Prior Experience Chair and CEO , Edison Mission Energy, a subsidiary of Edison International (2005 2008) Various leadership roles , Edison International (1996 2005) Various leadership roles , First Interstate Bancorp, a predecessor company of Wells Fargo (pre-1996) Mr. Craver is also a member of the board of directors of the Company s principal banking subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 8 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Richard K. Davis Independent Former President and CEO, Make-A-Wish America , a nonprofit organization (January 2019 November 2022) Former CEO and Executive Chair, U.S. Bancorp , a U.S. bank holding company (2006-2017 and 2007-2018, respectively) Board Committees Governance Nominating Committee ( Chair ), Risk Committee Age 68 Director Since April 2022 Other Current Public Company Directorships Mastercard Incorporated (human resources and compensation committee chair; nominating and corporate governance committee) Dow Inc. (and its predecessor entities) (Lead Director; audit committee chair; corporate governance committee) Prior Public Company Directorships Xcel Energy U.S. Bancorp Other Leadership Service Former Representative, Ninth District, Federal Reserve; President, Financial Advisory Committee Former Chair, Financial Services Roundtable Former Chair, Consumer Bankers Association Former Chair, The Clearing House Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Extensive international and strategic planning and operations experience in the financial services industry, including as related to our consumer banking, wholesale/institutional, and wealth management businesses, gained from senior leadership roles as former executive chair and CEO of U.S. Bancorp, and as chair of the Clearing House, a U.S. banking association and payments company 40+ years of relevant risk management experience, including managing risk as CEO at U.S. Bancorp, a U.S. bank holding company, in addition to corporate governance experience from service on boards of companies with complex risk management profiles, including with respect to cybersecurity Risk expert under federal banking regulations Deep understanding of regulatory matters relevant to our business, given prior experience as CEO and in other senior roles at U.S. Bancorp, a federally regulated financial institution, as well as from former service as representative for the Ninth District of the Federal Reserve and member of financial services advocacy organizations the Financial Services Roundtable and Consumer Bankers Association Human capital management experience includes role as former executive chair and CEO of U.S. Bancorp and as former president and CEO of a leading nonprofit organization, which also provides relevant sustainability and social and public responsibility insights, with additional experience as chair of the human resources and compensation committee of Mastercard, a global payments technology company Accounting and financial reporting experience developed as CEO of U.S. Bancorp, as well as from service as chair of the audit committee of Dow Inc., a global materials science company Prior Experience Various leadership roles , U.S. Bancorp and its predecessor firms (1993 2005) Mr. Davis is also the chair of the board of directors of the Company s principal banking subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Fabian T. Garcia Independent Global President, Personal Care, Unilever PLC , a British multinational consumer goods company (since July 2022) Board Committees Finance Committee Age 66 Director Since April 2024 Prior Public Company Directorships Arrow Electronics, Inc. Kimberly-Clark Corporation Revlon, Inc. Other Leadership Service Member, Council of Foreign Relations Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Extensive international and strategic planning and operations experience across 40+ year career as global consumer products and retail executive overseeing iconic consumer brands in diverse markets, including as current global president of personal care and member of the leadership executive team of Unilever, a British multinational consumer goods company Risk management experience from leading various business units as consumer products executive, with additional insights from having previously served as a public company CEO, provides valuable perspective on consumer and retail matters, which are growing areas of importance for our Company Valuable human capital management experience from holding various senior leadership roles at global retail companies, including as president and CEO of Unilever North America and CEO at Revlon, a personal care product company, and from serving as member of public company compensation committee Significant insights into consumer and marketing trends, having led digital and e-commerce initiatives at retail companies and advising consumer packaged goods companies during tenure at Boston Consulting Group, as well as into sustainability matters, having led several strategic initiatives related to sustainable business practices Corporate governance experience from public company board service, including as member of the board of Arrow Electronics, a global provider of technology products and services related to industrial and commercial users of electronic components Prior Experience President , Unilever North America (2020 2022) Senior Advisor , Boston Consulting Group, a global management consulting firm (2018 2020) CEO and President , Revlon, a personal care product company (2016 2018) COO, Global Innovation and Growth, and various other leadership roles , Colgate-Palmolive Company, a multinational consumer products company (2003 2016) Senior Vice President, International , The Timberland Company, a footwear and apparel company (2002 2003) President, Asia Pacific , Chanel, a luxury fashion company (1996 2002) Various leadership roles , Procter Gamble, a multinational consumer goods company (pre-1996) 10 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Wayne M. Hewett Independent Senior Advisor, Permira , a global private equity firm (since March 2018) Board Committees Finance Committee ( Chair ), Human Resources Committee, Risk Committee Age 61 Director Since January 2019 Other Current Public Company Directorships The Home Depot, Inc. (leadership development compensation committee chair; audit committee) United Parcel Service, Inc. (audit committee) Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. (audit committee) Other Leadership Service Cambrex Corporation (Board Chair) Quotient Services (Board Chair) Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Extensive strategic and operational and international experience includes role as a senior advisor for Permira, a global private equity firm, with insights into sustainability matters as former senior executive leading technologically sophisticated businesses at several companies, including Arysta LifeScience Corporation, a crop protection and life sciences company, and General Electric Company Relevant financial reporting experience developed from corporate senior executive and private equity advisory roles, and as current member of three public company audit committees Deep and diverse insights into risk management matters from prior senior executive roles at highly specialized manufacturing and production companies, as well as from experience as a board member of companies with complex risk management profiles, including cybersecurity risks Experience in human capital management as a result of prior leadership experience in top management roles, including as CEO and president at manufacturing and production companies Significant corporate governance experience from public company board service, including as member of the boards of The Home Depot, United Parcel Service and Resolute, and experience serving as non-executive board chair of private companies Cambrex Corporation and Quotient Sciences Prior Experience CEO , Kl ckner Pentaplast Group, a global plastics manufacturer (2015 2017) President , Platform Specialty Products Corporation, a global producer of high technology specialty chemical products and technical services (2015) President and CEO , Arysta LifeScience Corporation, a crop protection and life sciences company (2009 - 2015 and 2010 2015, respectively) (purchased by Platform in 2015) Various leadership roles , General Electric Company and related entities (pre-2009) 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters CeCelia G. Morken Independent Former CEO, Headspace , an online wellness company (January 2021 January 2022) Board Committees Audit Committee, Governance Nominating Committee Age 68 Director Since April 2022 Other Current Public Company Directorships Genpact Ltd (audit committee; compensation committee) Prior Public Company Directorships Alteryx, Inc. Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Strong strategic and operational knowledge, with particular experience leading companies or business divisions in periods of transition, including two companies during the acquisition process, with additional international insights Deep understanding of risk management issues at the intersection of technology and financial services , an area of importance to the Company, including with respect to issues related to sustainability and public policy Significant human capital management and leadership experience, from prior roles as CEO and COO at Headspace, an online wellness company, and as general manager of different business units at Intuit, a software company Experience in corporate and end-user marketing and strategy development from roles at Intuit and Headspace, with relevant experience in digital technology and complex data science and analytics from prior executive and current public company director positions Holds CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the National Association of Corporate Directors Holds AI Ethics Board Oversight Certification from the Diligent Institute Insights into accounting and financial reporting given experience as member of public company audit committees Prior Experience President and Chief Operating Officer , Headspace (2020 2021) EVP and General Manager of Strategic Partnerships , Intuit Inc., a software company (2017 2020) EVP and General Manager of the ProConnect Group , Intuit Inc. (2013 2017) Various senior roles , Intuit Inc. (2007 2013) Various senior positions , Digital Insight Corporation (2002 2007) (acquired by Intuit, 2007) Various senior positions , WebTone Technologies, Inc. (2000 2002) Ms. Morken is also a member of the board of directors of the Company s principal banking subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 12 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Maria R. Morris Independent Former EVP and Head, Global Employee Benefits business, MetLife , a global financial services company (November 2011 September 2017) Board Committees Risk Committee ( Chair ), Human Resources Committee Age 63 Director Since January 2018 Other Current Public Company Directorships S P Global Inc. (nominating and corporate governance committee chair; executive committee; finance committee ) The Allstate Corporation (compensation and human capital committee; nominating, governance, and social responsibility committee) Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Strategic and operational experience serving as interim head of MetLife s U.S. business and overseeing the successful integration of MetLife s acquisition of American Life Insurance Company provides unique perspective on human capital management matters, with significant international experience as head of MetLife s global employee benefits business Extensive risk management experience identifying, assessing, and managing risk exposures from leadership positions held throughout career at MetLife, a large, complex financial institution, with corporate governance experience from serving as a member and chair of the audit committee of S P Global Inc., a global financial information and analytics company, which includes oversight of cybersecurity issues Risk expert under federal banking regulations Relevant regulatory experience and sustainability insights from senior roles at MetLife, and as a board member of S P Global Inc. and The Allstate Corporation, financial services companies operating in heavily regulated industries Significant experience in marketing matters relevant to our industry and business includes prior role as Chief Marketing Officer at Metlife Valuable insights into technology and related operations with respect to financial services , particularly from service as MetLife s head of global technology and operations Prior Experience Interim head of the U.S. Business , MetLife (2016 2017) Interim Chief Marketing Officer , MetLife (2014 2015) Head of Global Technology and Operations , MetLife (2008 2011) Ms. Morris is also a member of the board of directors of the Company s principal banking subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Felicia F. Norwood Independent EVP and Chief Health Benefits Officer, Elevance Health, Inc. , a health company (since February 2026) Board Committees Risk Committee Age 66 Director Since April 2022 Prior Public Company Directorships Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Significant strategic planning and operational experience, as well as human capital management insights, in current role as EVP and Chief Health Benefits Officer at Elevance, a health company, responsible for the strategic direction and operations related to the company s Medicare and Medicaid businesses, combined with more than 19 years of prior experience at Aetna, Inc. Valuable perspective that considers private sector and regulatory viewpoints, with experience identifying, assessing, and managing risk exposure and operating within the risk management framework of a highly regulated business environment, and additional experience from government work in health and human services Extensive regulatory experience in government and healthcare industries, in both public and private sectors, provides a unique perspective across multiple dimensions, including healthcare providers, payers, consumers, and regulators Insights regarding the connection between sustainability and social responsibility, especially with respect to community affairs, from experience as an executive in the healthcare industry and additional government work Well-rounded perspective informed both by government and industry experience, including from prior roles as former director of the Illinois Department of Healthcare and Family Services and senior policy advisor to the Illinois Governor for Health and Human Services Prior Experience EVP and President, Government Health Benefits , Elevance Health, Inc. (2018-2026) Director , Illinois Department of Healthcare and Family Services (2015 2018) Various senior roles , Aetna, Inc. (1994 2013) 14 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Ronald L. Sargent Independent Chair and Former Interim CEO, The Kroger Co. , a supermarket and multi-department store retailer (since March 2025 and March 2025 - February 2026, respectively) Former CEO and Chair, Staples, Inc. , a workplace products retailer (February 2002 June 2016 and March 2005 January 2017, respectively) Board Committees Human Resources Committee ( Chair ), Audit Committee, Governance Nominating Committee Age 70 Director Since February 2017 Other Current Public Company Directorships Five Below, Inc. (compensation committee chair; nominating governance committee) The Kroger Co. (Board Chair) Prior Public Company Directorships Staples, Inc. (Board Chair) Home Depot, Inc. Mattel, Inc. Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Human capital management experience and international insights related to the management of a large global workforce serving customers world-wide through a variety of channels from serving in senior strategic and operational leadership roles, including as former CEO and chair of Staples, Inc., a workplace products retail company, and as the current chair and former interim CEO of The Kroger Co., a supermarket and multi-department store retailer Diverse risk management experience as former senior retail executive, combined with public company board service, particularly with respect to e-commerce and consumer insights, areas of growing relevance to our business Deep consumer and marketing insights from 35+ years of retail experience, especially related to the transition toward more online and digital customer experiences, with experience overseeing sustainability matters for consumer-facing retailers with extensive supply chains Experience in accounting and financial reporting from executive leadership roles at Staples, including as CEO, and service as a member of public company audit committees Financial expert, as defined in SEC Regulation S-K Wide range of corporate governance experience in connection with public company board service at retail companies, including current roles as board member of Five Below, Inc., a specialty discount retailer, and as former lead director and current board chair of Kroger Prior Experience President and COO , Staples, Inc. (1998 2002) Various leadership roles , Staples, Inc. (1989 1997) Various leadership roles , The Kroger Co. (pre-1989) 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Charles W. Scharf Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Wells Fargo , a U.S. financial services company (since October 2025 and October 2019, respectively) Age 61 Director Since October 2019 Other Current Public Company Directorships Microsoft Corporation (compensation committee; governance nominating committee) Prior Public Company Directorships The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (Board Chair) Visa, Inc. Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Significant strategic planning and business operations and international experience throughout career in financial services industry, including as CEO of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, a global financial services company where he focused on technology-driven digital transformation, and Visa Inc., a payment services company Extensive risk management experience in strengthening operational risk and compliance, with senior executive experience at financial institutions such as ours providing valuable insights related to regulatory matters facing the financial services industry and our Company Risk expert under federal banking regulations Diverse human capital management experience developed throughout career as top management executive leading large workforces at various financial institutions including The Bank of New York Mellon, Visa, and JPMorgan, with additional insights from service as member of the compensation committee of Microsoft Corporation Financial services veteran with more than 30 years in leadership roles in the banking and payments industries, with particular experience in the areas of consumer banking, wholesale/institutional banking, and wealth management Significant accounting and financial reporting experience relevant to our Company through his prior service as the CFO of financial institutions, with work as an executive and a public company board member providing additional experience in the areas of corporate governance and sustainability Prior Experience Chair and CEO , The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, a corporate investment banking company (CEO, 2017 2019; Chair, 2018 2019) CEO , Visa Inc. (2012 2016) Managing Director , One Equity Partners, private investment arm of JPMorgan (2011 2012) CEO, Retail Financial Services , JPMorgan (2004 2011) CEO, Retail Division , Bank One Corporation (2002 2004) CFO , Bank One Corporation (2000 2002) CFO , Global Corporate Investment Bank division, Citigroup, Inc. (1999 2000) Mr. Scharf is also a member of the board of directors of the Company s principal banking subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 16 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Suzanne M. Vautrinot Independent President, Kilovolt Consulting, Inc. , a cybersecurity strategy and technology consulting firm (since October 2013) Board Committees Risk Committee Age 66 Director Since February 2015 Other Current Public Company Directorships CSX Corporation ( audit committee; governance committee ) Ecolab Inc. ( safety, health environment committee chair; audit committee ) Parsons Corporation ( corporate governance responsibility committee chair; audit and risk committee ) Prior Public Company Directorships NortonLifeLock Inc. Other Leadership Service Member, National Academy of Engineering Qualifications That Benefit Our Board Deep strategic and operational and international experience developed throughout leadership roles in the military, which included overseeing a multibillion-dollar cyber enterprise responsible for operating, maintaining, and defending the Air Force portion of the Department of Defense global network Extensive risk management experience, in particular as it relates to cybersecurity , having retired from the U.S. Air Force as a Major General and Commander, 24 th Air Force following a 31-year career, with particular experience engaging in enterprise risk planning and crisis management Significant human capital management planning and workforce development experience having led, as Commander, 24 th Air Force, a workforce unit of approximately 14,000 military, civilian, and contractor personnel Extensive experience in the military includes having influenced the development and application of critical technology , including two years as Commander of the U.S. Air Force Cyber Command and various space operations commands Inducted into the National Academy of Engineering in 2017 Valuable perspective on government and public policy matters developed from certain key military assignments, with additional corporate governance and sustainability insights gained from service on other public company boards Prior Experience Major General and Commander , U.S. Air Force, Air Forces Cyber and Air Force Network Operations (2011 2013) Director of Plans and Policy , U.S. Cyber Command (2010) Deputy Commander, Network Warfare , U.S. Strategic Command (2008 2010) Commander , Air Force Recruiting Service (2006 2008) Commander , 50 th Space Wing (2003 - 2005) Numerous medals and commendations , including the Defense Superior Service Medal and Distinguished Service Medal 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters Director Independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a significant majority of the directors on our Board, and all members of the Audit Committee, GNC, HRC, and Risk Committee, must be independent under applicable independence standards. To be considered an independent director, our Board must determine that the director has no material relationship with our Company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization that has a relationship with our Company). To assist in making its independence determinations, our Board adopted the Director Independence Standards appended to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which consist of the New York Stock Exchange s standards of independence, as well as additional standards, known as categorical standards of independence. Based on the Director Independence Standards, our Board considered information in early 2026 regarding banking and financial services, commercial, charitable, familial, and other relationships between each director and director nominee, his or her respective immediate family members, and/or certain entities affiliated with such directors and director nominees and immediate family members, on the one hand, and our Company, on the other, to determine the director s or director nominee s independence. After reviewing the information presented to it and considering the recommendation of the GNC, our Board determined that, except for Charles W. Scharf, who is a Wells Fargo employee, all other current directors and director nominees are independent under the Director Independence Standards : Steven D. Black, Mark A. Chancy, Celeste A. Clark, Theodore F. Craver, Jr., Richard K. Davis, Fabian T. Garcia, Wayne M. Hewett, CeCelia G. Morken, Maria R. Morris, Felicia F. Norwood, Ronald L. Sargent, and Suzanne M. Vautrinot. In connection with making its independence determinations, our Board considered the following relationships under the Director Independence Standards and determined that all of these relationships satisfied the NYSE s standards of independence and were immaterial under our Board s categorical standards of independence: Banking and Financial Services Relationships Our Company s banking and other subsidiaries had ordinary course banking and financial services relationships in 2025 with certain of our directors, some of their immediate family members, and/or certain entities affiliated with such directors and their immediate family members, all of which were on substantially the same terms as those available at the time for comparable transactions with persons not affiliated with our Company and complied with applicable banking laws. Other Relationships Theodore F. Craver, Jr. has an outstanding pension balance with an aggregate actuarial present value of approximately $368,000 as of February 1, 2026, earned from his prior employment with First Interstate Bancorp, which employment ended when First Interstate was acquired by a legacy predecessor to Wells Fargo in April 1996. No additional service-based contributions or accruals will be made to the plan balance. Payment of the plan balance is not conditioned on any future service or performance by Mr. Craver and is currently being made in accordance with the applicable plan document. Since 2015, the Company has employed a relative of Steven D. Black, who is not an immediate family member for purposes of the SEC s related person transaction rules, in a non-strategic role. His employment by the Company pre-dates Mr. Black s tenure and Mr. Black does not have any role in overseeing his relative s performance or compensation. Additionally, the employee is not an executive officer and does not directly report to an executive officer of the Company. 18 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Our Board Leadership Structure The Board believes it is important for the Board to have flexibility to determine the leadership structure that most appropriately serves the Company and our shareholders at any given time, while firmly supporting the role of an independent director in a Board leadership position. Reflecting the importance of this flexibility, the Board amended our By-Laws to remove the requirement that the Board Chair be an independent director in July 2025, and also amended our Corporate Governance Guidelines to require a Lead Independent Director, who is selected annually by the independent directors of the Board, whenever the Chair is not independent. Since late 2016, when the Board formally separated the roles of Board Chair and CEO, the GNC and the Board have continued to evaluate the Board s leadership structure at least annually, as part of their focus on Board effectiveness in overseeing management s risk and control strategy. As the Board s work advanced, the GNC and the Board considered how best to structure the Board s leadership to reflect the Company s transformation and the Board s evolving effectiveness. Based on ongoing discussions and review, the Board combined the roles of Chair and CEO, and the Board s independent directors named Mr. Black as Lead Independent Director, effective October 2025. This change reflects the Board s confidence in Mr. Scharf and desire to achieve future shareholder value creation under his leadership, while maintaining appropriate independent oversight. Key Factors Considered in Determining the New Board Leadership Structure In determining to combine the roles of Board Chair and CEO and appoint a Lead Independent Director, the GNC and Board considered the following: The principles and practices in place to provide independent Board oversight of management and promote Board effectiveness including regular non-management director executive sessions, the quality of Board reporting and Board self-evaluation results, and the nature of performance management of the CEO and other executives; The similarity in the roles and responsibilities of the Board Chair and Lead Independent Director (which are described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and reviewed annually); The individuals in the roles of Board Chair (Mr. Black) and CEO (Mr. Scharf) at the time of the determination; The views of shareholders and other stakeholders; and Practices at other public companies, including our peer banks, U.S. Global Systemically Important Banks ( G-SIBs ) and the S P 500. Strong Lead Independent Director Role The Board believes in the importance of promoting independent Board leadership. Unless the Board Chair is independent, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require the annual selection, by the Board s independent directors, of a Lead Independent Director, whose primary responsibilities are described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Based on the GNC s recommendation, the Board s independent directors appointed Mr. Black, who previously served as our Board Chair, as the Lead Independent Director, effective October 2025, and also appointed him to be a member of the GNC at that time. The Board determined that Mr. Black is best suited for the Lead Independent Director role given his Board leadership experience at Wells Fargo, extensive leadership experience in the financial services industry, and deep knowledge of our complex regulatory landscape. Mr. Black also has extensive risk management experience. He engages with our regulators, shareholders, and others, seeks to incorporate risk and regulatory topics in regular discussions between the Board and management, and promotes the Board s efficient and effective functioning necessary to oversee our risks. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Key Areas of Authority/Responsibility of our Lead Independent Director The Board reviews the authority and responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director on an annual basis, and our Corporate Governance Guidelines describe the Lead Independent Director s primary responsibilities. Board Effectiveness Promote the Board s efficient and effective functioning In coordination with the Board Chair, approve Board meeting agendas, schedules and the types and forms of information provided to the Board Preside at all meetings of the Board at which the Board Chair is not present, including regularly scheduled and ad-hoc executive sessions without management present Board Communications and External Stakeholders Serve as the principal liaison among the independent directors and between the independent directors and the CEO Facilitate effective communication between the Board and shareholders and be available for consultation and direct communication with major stakeholders CEO Performance Evaluation Participate, along with other independent directors, in the performance evaluation of the CEO that informs the Board s compensation determinations for the CEO In partnership with the HRC Chair, lead the Board s delivery of the CEO s performance evaluation to the CEO Board Discretion to Determine Appropriate Leadership Structure The Board believes that it is best positioned to determine the leadership structure that best serves the Company and our shareholders at any given time. The Board believes that at this time, having a combined Chair and CEO role, along with a Lead Independent Director, helps balance the need for strong leadership to effectively execute on strategic priorities, while supporting appropriate independent oversight of management and risk. For example, the Board s current leadership structure helps facilitate cohesive communication about our business and strategy to shareholders and other stakeholders and provides for continuity of experience that supports the Board s refreshment process. The Board feels this structure fosters a productive relationship between the Board and management, with strong independent oversight. Going forward, the GNC periodically evaluates the Board s leadership structure and annually recommends Board leadership appointments, considering the structure that would best serve the interests of the Company and our shareholders at that time. If at any time the GNC s and Board s review of the leadership structure resulted in the conclusion that the roles should be separated, the Board has the flexibility to do so. The Board also maintains a formal succession planning process for Board leadership positions. If re-elected at the 2026 Shareholder Meeting, Mr. Scharf will continue to serve as our Board Chairman and Mr. Black will continue to serve as our Lead Independent Director. 20 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Governance Practices Effective Board oversight involves not only having properly defined Board leadership roles, but also having governance structures that promote Board effectiveness. Our Board is committed to applying sound principles and practices to its oversight, and has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that provide the framework for the governance of our Board and our Company. The following are fundamental aspects of our Board s oversight responsibilities; certain specific practices are further described throughout this Proxy Statement. Strategic Plan, Risk Tolerance, and Financial Performance Review, monitor, and, where appropriate, approve the Company s strategic plan, risk tolerance, risk management framework and financial performance, including reviewing and monitoring whether the strategic plan and risk tolerance are clear and aligned, and include a long-term perspective on risks and rewards consistent with the Company s risk management framework Board Composition, Governance Structure, and Practices Maintain a Board composition, governance structure, and practices that support the Company s risk profile, risk tolerance, and strategic plan, including having directors with diverse skills, knowledge, experience and perspectives, and engage in an annual self-evaluation process of the Board and its committees CEO and other Senior Management Succession Planning, Performance, and Compensation Select and engage in succession planning for the Company s CEO and, as appropriate, other members of senior management Monitor and evaluate the performance of senior management and hold senior management accountable for implementing the Company s strategic plan and risk tolerance and maintaining the Company s risk management framework Monitor and evaluate the alignment of the compensation of senior management with the Company s compensation principles Independent Risk Management, Culture Support the stature and independence of the Company s Independent Risk Management (including Compliance), Legal, and Internal Audit functions Reinforce a culture of ethics, compliance and risk management, and oversee related policies and programs Board Reporting and Accountability Manage and evaluate the information flow to the Board to facilitate the Board s ability to make sound, well-informed decisions by taking into account risk and opportunities and to facilitate its oversight of senior management Work in consultation with management in setting the Board and committee meeting agendas and schedules Our Corporate Governance Documents Information about our Board s and our Company s corporate governance, including the following corporate governance documents, is available on our website at https://www.wellsfargo.com/about/corporate/governance : The Board s Corporate Governance Guidelines, including its Director Independence Standards Our Code of Conduct applicable to our employees, including our executive officers and directors Charters for each of the Board s standing committees How to Contact the Board of Directors, which includes an overview of our Board Communication Policy describing how shareholders and other interested parties can communicate with the Board Our By-Laws 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Director Nomination and Succession Planning Process Our Board conducts formal succession planning annually and our GNC leads the director nomination process, as described below. 1 Evaluate Board Composition The GNC regularly reviews the composition of our Board to assess alignment of the skills, experience, and diverse perspectives of the Board as a whole with the Company s needs as its strategy, risk appetite, and risk profile evolve. 2 Identify Candidates The GNC identifies candidates for first-time nomination through various sources, including third-party search firms, Board members, leaders and other participants in the financial services industry, shareholders and other stakeholders, and contacts in the communities we serve. The GNC is engaged in an ongoing recruitment process aimed at building a strong pipeline of prospective directors for the near- and long-term. 3 Assess Potential Candidates In evaluating potential new director nominees, the GNC makes an initial assessment of the candidate s qualifications, skills, experience, and attributes in light of the composition of the entire Board. The GNC evaluates all nominees in the same manner, regardless of who recommended the nominee. 4 Meet Potential Candidates The resulting candidates are interviewed by members of the GNC, as well as the Lead Independent Director and CEO. 5 Conduct Final Assessment and Recommend for Approval The candidate provides additional information to determine whether they satisfy the applicable requirements of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct, and any other applicable rules, regulations, or policies. The GNC then presents the candidate for approval by our Board or for nomination for approval by the shareholders. 22 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations The goal of the GNC s nominating process is to align the Board s composition with the Company s needs as identified through the Board s formal succession planning. The GNC and our Board will continue to monitor the effectiveness of their practices in any new director search efforts and in their annual self-evaluation process. The following key factors are considered annually: Company Strategy and Risks How current and evolving risks may create needs for particular qualifications and experience, including relevant banking, bank regulatory, and other financial services experience. Essential Skills and Expertise Mix of skills, knowledge, experience, and perspectives necessary to support the Company s strategy and risk profile. Range of Background and Experience Mix of backgrounds, industry, professional experience, personal qualities and attributes. Director Tenures Average tenure, including on committees and in committee leadership roles, and overall mix of director tenures to achieve an appropriate balance of new perspectives and institutional knowledge and insight. The Board values the contributions of both newer directors and directors who have developed extensive experience and insight into the Company. Retirement Policy Maintaining an appropriate balance of tenure, experience, and perspectives on the Board, with a retirement policy pursuant to which non-management directors generally will not be nominated for a term beginning after their 75th birthday. The Board may, however, approve the nomination of a non-management director after the age of 75 if, due to special or unique circumstances, the Board determines that it is in the best interest of our Company and shareholders for the individual to be nominated for election. Director Attendance and Participation; Limitation of Service on Outside Boards The ability of directors to effectively participate in Board meetings and responsibilities in light of their personal circumstances and other time commitments, including service on other public company boards of directors. Unless the GNC determines otherwise, directors may not serve as a director on the board of directors of more than four public companies, including the Company, and a director who serves as the CEO of a public company may not serve as a director on the board of directors of more than three public companies, including the boards of the Company and the company of which such director serves as CEO. All of our directors are in compliance with this policy. Board Self-Evaluations The performance of the Board as a whole and each individual director s performance. The Board believes that directors should not have an expectation of being re-nominated annually and that the Board s annual self-evaluation is a key component of its director nomination process. The GNC also considers the results of the Board s annual self-evaluation, including the individual contributions of directors to the work of the Board and its Committees, in connection with its determination to re-nominate existing directors for reelection at each annual meeting of shareholders. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Balancing Fresh Perspectives and Institutional Knowledge on Our Board As a result of our Board succession planning and recent refreshment, we have a range of tenures bringing a balance of fresh perspectives and institutional knowledge, and a mix of backgrounds and experience represented on our Board and its committees. 50% of our director nominees are gender and/or racially/ethnically diverse, 33% of our director nominees are women and 25% of our director nominees are racially/ethnically diverse. In the last four years, there have been four new independent director nominees to our Board. These nominees bring a range of skills to the Board, including risk management, financial services, regulatory, and human capital management experience. 6 Years average tenure of independent director nominees 67 years average age of independent director nominees 65 years 65-70 years 70 years 3 6 2 age range of independent director nominees Process for Shareholders to Recommend Individuals as Director Nominees The GNC will consider an individual recommended by one of our shareholders for nomination as a new director. In order for the GNC to consider a shareholder-recommended nominee for election as a director, the shareholder must submit the name of the proposed nominee, in writing, to our Corporate Secretary at: Wells Fargo Company, MAC# J0193-610, 30 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. All submissions must include the following information: the shareholder s name and address and proof of the number of shares of our common stock he or she beneficially owns; the name of the proposed nominee and the number of shares of our common stock he or she beneficially owns; sufficient information about the proposed nominee s experience and qualifications for the GNC to make a determination whether the individual would meet the minimum qualifications for directors; and such individual s written consent to serve as a director of our Company, if elected. Our Corporate Secretary will present all shareholder-recommended nominees to the GNC for its consideration. The GNC has the right to request, and the shareholder will be required to provide, any additional information with respect to the shareholder-recommended nominee as the GNC may deem appropriate or desirable to evaluate the proposed nominee in accordance with the nomination process described above. 24 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Board Evaluation Process Each year, our Board and each of its committees conduct a comprehensive self-evaluation in order to assess their effectiveness, review our governance practices and policies, and identify areas for enhancement. Topics reviewed generally include Board performance and effectiveness, Board composition, Board leadership structure, and training and orientation. Our Board s annual self-evaluation is also a component of its director nomination process and succession planning. Designing the Evaluation Process The GNC, in consultation with our Lead Independent Director, reviews and determines the process, scope, and content of our Board s annual self-evaluation process. The GNC continues to enhance this process based on director feedback, best practices, experience, and regulatory expectations. The GNC also considers whether to engage a third party to assist the Board in conducting its self-evaluation each year. In 2025, we engaged a third party to conduct individual interviews with each of the directors, individual conversations with our Lead Independent Director and each committee chair, and discussions of the self-evaluation results with the Board. The following chart reflects the key components of the Board s annual self-evaluation process. 1 Board and Committee Self-Evaluation Survey Discussion Topics 2 One-on-One Director Discussions 3 Board and Committee Review of Feedback 4 Feedback Communicated and Acted Upon Annual review of Board and committee self-evaluation survey discussion topics, including in light of best practices and regulatory expectations, which are approved by the GNC and sent to each director to request feedback on various topics. Individual meetings (typically with the Lead Independent Director, the GNC Chair, or third-party facilitator, if applicable) are held with each director to obtain candid feedback about Board and committee performance, including the individual contributions of directors. During executive sessions, the Lead Independent Director and the GNC Chair, or third-party facilitator, if applicable, lead a discussion of the results of the Board s self-evaluation. Similarly, in executive sessions, each committee chair leads a discussion of the committee s evaluation. Any feedback on areas for improvement is provided to management. Changes are implemented, as appropriate, and the status of changes made in response to the evaluation results and feedback is reviewed by the GNC and the Board. t 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Board Oversight Management Succession Planning and Development Wells Fargo s talent and succession planning approach is focused on attracting, developing, and retaining executive talent with the leadership competencies needed to lead the Company for future growth. One responsibility of our Board is to provide oversight to the talent and succession planning process, including review and discussion of the executive talent at our Company. The Board monitors and evaluates the performance of executive management, and holds executive management accountable for implementing the Company s strategic plan, maintaining risk tolerance and the Company s risk management framework. The Board has assigned the HRC responsibility to oversee the Company s talent and succession planning process, including the CEO evaluation and succession plan. The CEO and the Head of Human Resources annually report to the HRC and the Board on succession planning (including plans in the event of an emergency) and management development, and provide the HRC and the Board with an assessment of individuals considered potential successors to critical executive management positions. The HRC and the Board engage in an annual talent and succession planning process through which they review and discuss potential executive management successors. 1 Active Engagement Between the CEO, Head of Human Resources and Board Management regularly identifies high-potential executives for additional responsibilities, new positions or promotions to expose them to varied experiences within our Company, with the goal of developing well-prepared senior leaders. 2 HRC Review of Reports from the CEO and Head of Human Resources Annually, the CEO and the Head of Human Resources prepare and evaluate executive management development and succession plans (including assessing individuals considered successors to critical executive roles and plans in the event of an emergency). The HRC reviews and discusses these plans with management, and reports to the Board on its reviews. 3 Annual Board Review of Succession Plans Annually, the Board conducts a review of succession plans for the CEO, other members of the Operating Committee, and their direct reports and provides input and feedback. 4 Board Approval of Talent and Succession Planning Process Annually, the Board approves the talent and succession planning processes as part of its evaluation of the Board's effectiveness. This approval includes review of Operating Committee succession planning considerations. Strategy and Risk Oversight Our Board oversees the Company s business, including its strategic plan and risk management, and is responsible for holding senior management accountable for implementing the Company s strategic plan and risk tolerance. The Board s role in this regard is to assess management s performance and provide credible challenge. Our Board, either directly or through its committees, periodically receives updates from line of business CEOs and enterprise function heads, which include significant risks and issues relevant to the business group or enterprise function. The Board also receives reports from its standing committees at each regular Board meeting. 26 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Our Board is also responsible for holding senior management accountable for maintaining an effective risk management program and adhering to risk management expectations, including mai ntaining a culture designed to effectively manage risk and providing effective reporting to the Board. In support of our Board s oversight of risk and regulatory matters, at each regularly scheduled Board meeting in 2025, the Board discussed significant risk and regulatory matters with senior executives, including our CEO, Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), Chief Risk Officer ( CRO ), Chief Operating Officer ( COO ), Chief Auditor, and General Counsel. Additionally, the Board s risk-related oversight responsibilities include reviewing, monitoring and, where appropriate, approving: Our strategic plan, risk appetite, risk management framework, and financial performance. The Board receives Independent Risk Management s evaluation of risk impacts that may be associated with the Company s strategic plan when the Board reviews and approves the Company s strategic plan. Our significant policies, programs and plans, including whether they are consistent with our strategic plan, risk appetite and risk management framework. Accountability of senior management for implementing the Company s strategic plan, including risk appetite, and maintaining the Company s risk management and control framework. Board composition, governance structure, and practices that support the Company s risk profile, risk appetite, and strategic plan, including having directors with a range of skills, knowledge, experience, and perspectives. Our Independent Risk Management (including Compliance), Legal, and Internal Audit functions. Our culture of ethics, compliance, and risk management, and related policies and programs. When reviewing risks, the Board evaluates the materiality of risks and the effectiveness of the aligned controls and may modify the frequency or manner of its oversight to match the impacts of risks facing the Company. Board Risk Oversight The Board oversees significant risks, including financial risks, such as interest rate, credit, liquidity, and market risks, and non-financial risks, such as operational (which includes compliance and model risks) and strategic risks. The Board considers our brand and reputation, as well as our culture and conduct, in overseeing potential significant risks. Audit Financial statement integrity and financial reports Legal and regulatory compliance Material legal matters Internal controls over financial reporting Finance Financial risk management policies relating to market risk, interest rate risk, and investment risk Capital planning and adequacy Resolution and recovery planning Human Resources Incentive compensation risk management program Human capital Culture and ethics Management succession planning Governance Nominating Board and committee composition Director succession planning Corporate governance practices Board self-evaluation of Board performance Social and public responsibility matters Government relations, including political activities, lobbying, and trade associations Social impact matters, including community development and reinvestment activities Risk Risk management framework, governance, risk profile, risk appetite, and risk management effectiveness Compliance risk (including conduct and financial crimes) Operational risk (including business resiliency and disaster recovery, data management, information security and cybersecurity, and technology) Model risk and the general condition of model risk management Credit risk Market and interest rate risk Liquidity risk Strategic risk 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Role of Management Senior management is responsible for establishing and maintaining the Company s culture and effectively managing risk. The Company has three lines of defense for managing risk: the Front Line, Independent Risk Management, and Internal Audit. In particular: The Front Line, which comprises principal lines of business and certain enterprise function activities, is responsible for understanding and evaluating risk relating to its business activities which are guided by the Company s strategic plan. The CEO drives the Company s strategic planning process, which identifies the Company s most significant opportunities and challenges, develops options to address them, and evaluates the risks and trade-offs of each. Independent Risk Management, led by the CRO, establishes and maintains our risk management program and provides oversight, including challenge to and independent assessment and monitoring, of the Front Line s execution of its risk management responsibilities. Each line of business has a chief risk officer that reports to our Company CRO. The Chief Compliance Officer reports to the CRO and has responsibility for all compliance programs under their remit. Internal Audit acts as an independent assurance function and validates that the risk management program is adequately designed and functioning effectively. The Company has also established management governance committees, including those focused on risk, that support management in carrying out its governance and risk management responsibilities. Each management governance committee is expected to discuss, make decisions regarding, and report on risk matters. The Company periodically engages third-party advisors and experts to assist in the development and maintenance of its risk management programs, policies, and practices. The reports and views of these third parties may be shared with the Board and relevant Board committees, as appropriate. Information Security Risk Oversight The Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for information security risk, which includes cybersecurity risk. Board Oversight As part of its review and approval of our overall strategic plan, our Board receives an annual report from our Head of Technology regarding the Company s technology strategy and information security program and reviews Independent Risk Management s assessment of that strategy. Risk Committee The Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for information security risk and approves the Company s information security program, which includes information protection and cyber resiliency. The Risk Committee receives regular reports from the Company s Head of Technology and the Company s Chief Information Security Officer on information security risk and significant information security developments, including incidents involving third parties. Management Technology Risk Management (which is part of the Company s Independent Risk Management organization) has oversight responsibility for information security risk. As a second line of defense, Technology Risk Management: reviews and provides guidance to the Front Line technology team, including with respect to the development and maintenance of risk management policies, governance documents, processes, and controls; and oversees and challenges the Front Line technology team s risk assessment activities. 28 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations For additional information on information security risk management, see the Financial Review - Risk Management - Operational Risk Management section of Exhibit 13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Risk Committee also has primary oversight responsibility for technology risk, which encompasses new and emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence ( AI ), as well as data management risk and model risk. The full Board also discusses technology-related matters, including AI, on a regular basis, including through: Periodic reviews with management on AI-related topics, including market developments and updates on Wells Fargo s approach to AI; Line of business presentations to the Board that have addressed how AI is impacting the Company s various lines of business; and Regular reporting to the Board from the Chair of the Risk Committee. Human Capital Risk Oversight Our Board, directly and through the HRC, oversees human capital risk and human capital management, in addition to our culture and ethics, as discussed below. Board Oversight For certain matters, the Board provides oversight directly, rather than through its committees. For example, the Board reviews the results of our annual Global Employee Survey with management, reviews management reports on Wells Fargo s culture, and periodically reviews with management special topics relating to human capital matters. As part of its review and approval of our overall strategic plan, our Board annually engages with our Head of Human Resources regarding the strategy for the Human Resources function and reviews our Independent Risk Management team s assessment of that strategy. Human Resources Committee The HRC oversees performance management, talent management, and succession planning for the CEO and other senior executives as determined by the HRC. The HRC oversees the Code of Conduct and management s efforts to foster responsible conduct and ethical behavior and decision-making throughout Wells Fargo. The HRC regularly engages with and reviews reports from our Head of Human Resources, including: Culture reports and metrics, including the results of our annual Global Employee Survey; Conduct management reports, metrics and trends, including harassment and discrimination metrics and allegations of whistleblower retaliation; Human capital risk reports and metrics, emerging trends, labor relations, and monitoring of human capital risks such as staffing and attrition; related risk appetite measures and key risk indicators; and the results of internal audit reviews of Human Resources; and Regulatory matters relating to the Human Resources function. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Risk Management in the Compensation Decision Process The HRC also oversees the Company s performance management and incentive compensation programs. Our Company is committed to performance management and compensation programs that are balanced, promote risk management, and discourage imprudent or excessive risk-taking. Through our Incentive Compensation Risk Management Policy, we develop, execute, and administer our incentive compensation plans, which are designed to balance risk and financial reward in a manner that supports our customers, shareholders, employees, and the Company. Highlights The HRC considers risk as a key input into its compensation decisions for the CEO and Operating Committee. An enhanced risk assessment process applies to the CEO, the Operating Committee, leaders who run our major lines of business, and other senior leaders whose responsibilities and actions may expose the Company to material risk or who have roles that are subject to specific regulatory requirements ( Covered Employees in Management ). The CEO s performance review of members of the Operating Committee (except for the CRO and Chief Auditor, for whom the risk review is conducted by the Chairs of the Risk Committee and Audit Committee, respectively) is informed by a risk review conducted by the CRO (with input from risk leaders) and feedback from Internal Audit. The HRC conducts the risk review for the CEO, as described in our Compensation Discussion and Analysis . For all other Covered Employees in Management, the results of an enhanced risk assessment process, informed by feedback from leaders in Risk and Internal Audit, are a key input into variable incentive compensation decisions. The results of these enhanced risk assessments and associated compensation recommendations are reviewed by a management governance committee reporting to the HRC, and supporting steering committees. Final variable incentive compensation decisions are shared with the HRC, along with the risk assessment results. A risk overlay rating is part of each active employee s annual performance review. Performance goals for employees and management whose roles involve sales activity are designed to discourage excessive or inappropriate risk-taking and are subject to additional oversight. Our Board Committee Structure Standing Board Committees Our Board has standing committees, comprised entirely of independent directors, that act on behalf of the Board and report on their activities to the entire Board. Audit Finance Governance Nominating Human Resources Risk Each committee may form and delegate, in its discretion, all or a portion of its authority to subcommittees of one or more of its members. From time to time, the Board may form special purpose committees to which the Board may delegate responsibility for oversight of particular matters. In 2025, our Board integrated the responsibilities of the Corporate Responsibility Committee ( CRC ) into those of the GNC and dissolved the CRC. 1 This change allowed the Board to simplify its committee structure, providing for more efficient use of time and resources. Each Board committee is responsible for overseeing risks within its purview. All of our standing Board committees report to the Board about their activities, including risk oversight-related matters. Each Board committee has defined authority and responsibilities for primary oversight of specific risks, as outlined in its respective charter, and works closely with management to understand and oversee our Company s key risks. Committee meetings also include executive sessions led by the respective independent committee chair. As required by its charter, each of our committees annually reviews and assesses its charter s adequacy and reviews its performance. 1. The CRC held one meeting in 2025. 30 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Committee Composition The Board appoints the members and chair of each committee based on the recommendation of the GNC. As part of this process, the GNC annually reviews the committee structure, committee assignments, and chair positions and recommends to the Board the assignment of Board members to various committees. The Board does not favor mandatory rotation of committee assignments or chair positions because it believes that experience and continuity are important for the effective operation of the Board s committees. The GNC may recommend changes to committee membership based on committee needs, director experience and interest, and to provide for a succession plan for a committee chair. The GNC also reviews each director nominee s qualifications and experience as it evaluates the composition of each committee in light of the particular committee s oversight responsibilities. Board Committee Members and Oversight Responsibilities Our Board committees and their primary responsibilities are described below. For more information on how our Board and its committees oversee strategy, risk management, and other key areas of oversight, see Board Oversigh t . Audit Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 12 (includes 1 joint meeting with the Risk Committee) Chair Members Theodore F. Craver, Jr. Mark A. Chancy CeCelia G. Morken Ronald L. Sargent Primary Responsibilities Oversees the integrity of our financial statements and the adequacy and reliability of disclosures, including our internal controls over financial reporting Selects and evaluates our independent auditor, including its qualifications and independence Approves the appointment and compensation of our Chief Auditor and oversees the performance and independence of the Chief Auditor and the Internal Audit function Assists the Board and the Risk Committee in the oversight of compliance with regulatory and legal requirements For more information, see Audit Committee Report . Independence, Financial Expertise, and Service Limits Our Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is independent under the heightened standards applicable to Audit Committee members by NYSE and SEC rules. Our Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate and members Craver, Chancy, and Sargent qualify as audit committee financial experts under SEC rules. Committee members may not simultaneously serve on the audit committees of more than two other public companies. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Finance Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 7 Chair Members Wayne M. Hewett Steven D. Black Mark A. Chancy Theodore F. Craver, Jr. Fabian T. Garcia Primary Responsibilities Oversees the state of our Company s interest rate risk and investment risk and the effectiveness of those risk management activities in coordination with the Risk Committee Oversees the capital planning and adequacy process, forecasting, and key stress testing processes and activities and, in connection with that oversight, reviews information relating to the Company s financial forecast, financial performance, and liquidity Reviews capital levels and recommends to our Board the declaration of common dividends, the repurchase of securities, and the approval of significant capital expenditures Oversees recovery and resolution planning Independence Our Board has determined that each member of the Finance Committee is independent. Governance and Nominating Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 7 Chair Members Richard K. Davis Steven D. Black Celeste A. Clark 1 Theodore F. Craver, Jr. CeCelia G. Morken Ronald L. Sargent Primary Responsibilities Identifies and recommends individuals qualified to become Board members and recommends director and committee leadership and appointments Reviews and assesses our governance practices and the adequacy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines Oversees an annual evaluation of the performance of our Board and its committees Recommends to our Board a determination of each non-employee director s independence under applicable rules and guidelines Reviews director compensation and recommends any changes for approval by our Board Oversees engagement with shareholders and other interested parties concerning governance matters Oversees significant strategies, policies, and programs on social and public responsibility matters, including sustainability Oversees significant government relations strategies, policies, and programs and political transparency matters, including our political activities and contributions, significant lobbying priorities, and principal trade association memberships Oversees community development and reinvestment activities and performance Oversees social impact and sustainability strategy and impacts through the support of nonprofit organizations by the Company or a Company-sponsored charitable foundation Independence Our Board has determined that each member of the GNC is independent. 1. Ms. Clark is not standing for re-election and will retire as a director as of the date of the 2026 Shareholder Meeting. 32 Wells Fargo Company Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Human Resources Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 7 Chair Members Ronald L. Sargent Steven D. Black Wayne M. Hewett Maria R. Morris Primary Responsibilities Approves compensation philosophy and principles, and discharges our Board s responsibilities relating to overall approach for incentive compensation and the compensation of our executive officers Oversees Incentive Compensation Risk Management program and practices, including the recovery or clawback of compensation under related clawback and forfeiture policies, and the effectiveness of risk management practices relating to incentive compensation plans and programs for senior management and employees in a position, individually or collectively, to expose our Company to material financial or non-financial risk Evaluates the CEO s performance and approves and recommends the CEO s compensation to our Board for approval; oversees the compensation for our other executive officers and other officers or employees as the HRC determines appropriate Oversees human capital risk and human capital management, including performance management, talent management and succession planning for the CEO and other senior executives Oversees culture, including management s efforts to foster ethical behavior and decision-making throughout the Company Oversees the Code of Conduct Oversees actions taken by our Company regarding shareholder approval of executive compensation matters, including advisory resolutions on executive compensation Has sole authority to retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any compensation consultant or independent legal counsel and evaluates the independence of its advisors in accordance with NYSE rules The HRC may delegate certain of its responsibilities to one or more HRC members or to designated members of senior management or management committees. The HRC has delegated certain authority to the Head of Human Resources and the Head of Total Rewards (or their functional equivalent positions) for the administration of our Company s benefit and compensation programs. Independence Our Board has determined that each member of the HRC is independent under the heightened standards applicable to committee members under NYSE and SEC rules. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents Board Structure and Operations Risk Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 9 (includes 1 joint meeting with the Audit Committee) Chair Members Maria R. Morris Richard K. Davis Wayne M. Hewett Felicia F. Norwood Suzanne M. Vautrinot Primary Responsibilities Oversees the Company s risk management framework, including governance structures used by management to execute its risk management program, risk profile, risk appetite, and risk management effectiveness Oversees management s establishment and implementation of th