=== HPQ_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
hpq-20260225 0000047217 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares 0000047217 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 2023-11-01 2024-10-31 0000047217 2022-11-01 2023-10-31 0000047217 2021-11-01 2022-10-31 0000047217 2020-11-01 2021-10-31 0000047217 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 1 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 2 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 3 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 0000047217 4 2024-11-01 2025-10-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12 HP Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 2026 Proxy statement 1 Message from our Chair and our Interim Chief Executive Officer HP is entering fiscal year 2026 more focused than ever and deeply committed to driving long- term value. To our fellow stockholders: On behalf of the Board and management, we are pleased to invite you to attend HP Inc. s annual meeting of stockholders to be held on April 16, 2026, at 2:00 p.m., Pacific Time. This year s annual meeting will be a virtual meeting of stockholders. Shaping the Future of Work HP is shaping the Future of Work through technology, creating experiences that drive growth and make work more fulfilling for people everywhere. Despite a challenging environment for our industry, we delivered meaningful progress against our strategy in fiscal year 2025. HP returned to a steady state of growth, achieved improvement across key growth areas including AI PCs, Advance Compute Solutions, and Workforce Solutions, and further enhanced cost discipline. The company also concluded its three-year Future Ready program, overdelivering on projected gross annualized run rate savings. Your Board and Executive Team s Role On February 3, 2026, we announced a CEO transition plan. Bruce Broussard, who has been serving on HP s Board since 2021, has agreed to lead the company through the completion of our comprehensive search for HP s next CEO. We thank Enrique Lores for his contributions over the last 36 years and leadership as CEO for seven years. The Board is confident in our executive team s ability to advance HP s initiatives. In addition, the Board continues to benefit from a thoughtful blend of seasoned directors with deep institutional knowledge and newer members who bring fresh perspectives. We have added four independent directors since the beginning of fiscal 2024, expanding the Board s expertise in the oversight of our strategic growth opportunities. The Board remains focused on guiding the company with clarity and conviction to be a leader in the Future of Work, seeking to drive sustainable growth and long-term value for our stockholders. Positioned for Fiscal Year 2026 While our industry is operating in a dynamic environment, HP is entering fiscal year 2026 more focused than ever and deeply committed to driving long-term value. Looking ahead, we see opportunity to extend HP s leadership in the Future of Work by delivering integrated experiences across devices, platforms, and services. Technology increasingly shapes the work experience and workplace culture, and HP is positioned to help customers make work more reliable, more connected, and more fulfilling. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to participate in the annual meeting, we encourage you to vote as soon as possible. You may vote by proxy online, by phone or by mail by following the instructions on the proxy card or voting instruction card. For more information, please refer to the Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement. Thank you for your investment in HP Inc. and your ongoing support. Sincerely, Chip Bergh Chair of the Board Bruce Broussard Interim Chief Executive Officer 2 Notice of annual meeting of stockholders This notice of annual meeting of HP's stockholders (the "annual meeting"), proxy statement and form of proxy for HP Inc. ("HP" or the "Company") are being distributed and made available on or about February 25, 2026. Time and Date 2:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on April 16, 2026 Place Online at www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/HPQ2026 Record Date February 17, 2026 Voting Internet www.proxyvote.com/HP prior to the meeting Telephone 1-800-690-6903 During the meeting please visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HPQ2026 Mail You can vote by mail by requesting a paper copy of the materials, which will include a proxy card. Return the card to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to Be Held on April 16, 2026. The definitive proxy statement and HP Inc.'s 2025 Annual Report are available electronically at www.proxyvote.com/ HP. Items of business Board proposals Board recommendation Page 1 To elect the 12 Directors named in this proxy statement FOR each Director nominee 8 2 To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company's Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the fiscal year ending October 31, 2026 FOR 48 3 To approve, on an advisory basis, the Company's named executive officer compensation ("say on pay" vote) FOR 50 4 To approve the Fifth Amended and Restated HP Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan FOR 96 Stockholder proposal 5 To consider and vote on a stockholder proposal described in this proxy statement, if properly presented at the meeting. AGAINST 108 Such other business as may properly come before the meeting Virtual meeting admission Stockholders of record as of February 17, 2026, will be able to participate in the annual meeting by visiting our annual meeting website at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HPQ2026. To participate in the annual meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number included on your notice of Internet availability of the proxy materials, proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. If you have any questions about your control number, please contact the bank, broker, or other nominee that holds your shares. The annual meeting will begin promptly at 2:00 p.m., Pacific Time. Online check-in will begin at 1:30 p.m., Pacific Time, and you should allow ample time for the online check-in procedures. Annual meeting website The online format used by HP Inc. for the annual meeting also allows us to communicate more effectively with you. Stockholders can submit questions in advance of the annual meeting, by visiting our annual meeting website at www.proxyvote.com/HP. Stockholders can also access copies of our proxy statement and annual report at the annual meeting website. Adjournments and postponements Any action on the items of business described above may be considered at the annual meeting at the time and on the date specified above or at any time and date to which the annual meeting may be properly adjourned or postponed. By order of the Board of Directors, Julie Jacobs Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Your vote is very important. Regardless of whether you plan to virtually attend the annual meeting, we hope you will vote as soon as possible. You may vote your shares over the Internet or via a toll-free telephone number. If you received a paper copy of a proxy or voting instruction card by mail, you may submit your proxy or voting instruction card for the annual meeting by completing, signing, dating and returning your proxy or voting instruction card in the pre- addressed envelope provided. Stockholders of record and beneficial owners will be able to vote their shares electronically at the annual meeting (other than shares held through the HP Inc. 401(k) Plan, which must be voted prior to the meeting). For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the section entitled "Questions and answers-Voting information" beginning on page 114 of the proxy statement. 2026 Proxy statement 3 Proxy statement summary The following is a summary of certain key disclosures in our proxy statement. This is only a summary, and it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For more complete information, please review the proxy statement as well as our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. References to "HP," "the Company," "we," "us" or "our" refer to HP Inc. ITEM Election of Directors FOR 11 of our 12 Director nominees are independent. Our Board is led by an independent Chair. Key information regarding all 12 of our Board nominees is summarized on page 12 . The Board recommends a vote FOR each Director nominee Further information beginning on page 8 . 1 ITEM Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR The Audit Committee of the Board has selected Ernst Young LLP to act as HP s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the fiscal year ending October 31, 2026 and seeks ratification of the selection. The Board recommends a vote FOR this Proposal Further information beginning on page 48 . 2 ITEM Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation ( say on pay vote) FOR Our Board and the HR and Compensation ( HRC ) Committee are committed to an executive compensation program that aligns the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders. To fulfill this mission, we have a pay-for-performance philosophy that drives decisions regarding executive compensation. Our compensation programs have been structured to balance near-term results with long-term success, mitigate risks, and enable us to attract, retain, focus, and reward our executive team for delivering stockholder value. The Board recommends a vote FOR this Proposal Further information, including an overview of the compensation of our named executive officers ( NEOs ), beginning on page 50 . 3 4 Proxy statement summary ITEM Approval of Fifth Amended and Restated HP Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan FOR The approval of the Amended 2004 Plan would make an additional 73,600,000 shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to share-based compensation awards granted under the plan. The Board is asking stockholders to approve the Amended 2004 Plan so that we may continue to use stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other share-based compensation awards to attract and retain employees. The Board recommends a vote FOR this Proposal Further information beginning on page 96 . 4 ITEM Stockholder Proposal: Independent Board Chairman AGAINST This stockholder proposal requesting that HP s board adopt a policy and amend its governance documents to require an independent Chairman of the Board which, if properly presented, will be voted on at the annual meeting. The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this Proposal Further information beginning on page 108 . 5 2026 Proxy statement 5 Business highlights HP is a global technology leader and creator of solutions that enable people to bring their ideas to life and connect to the things that matter most. Operating in more than 170 countries, HP delivers innovative and sustainable devices, services and subscriptions for personal computing, printing, 3D printing, hybrid work, gaming and other related technologies. We believe artificial intelligence ( AI ) is playing a critical role in the transformation of how people live and work, and customers are beginning to recognize the benefits in security, speed and cost. Our high-performing product portfolio includes HP s new line of AI PCs and workstations built with the computing power to enable local AI processing for enhanced performance and features as well as intelligent print features incorporated into our home, office and graphics solutions. Our broad range of security capabilities are designed to protect an increasingly distributed user base through security enhanced PCs and printers, hardware-enforced endpoint security software (for both HP and non-HP PCs), and endpoint security services. Our security solutions provide layered resiliency using enhanced features such as containment and isolation technology as well as the use of AI deep-learning to identify and remove malware threats. We have three reportable segments: Personal Systems, Printing and Corporate Investments. Personal Systems offers desktops, notebooks, and workstations (including HP s portfolio of AI PCs and workstations), thin clients, retail point-of-sale systems, displays, hybrid systems, software, solutions including endpoint security and services. Printing provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, services and solutions. Printing is also focused on Graphics and 3D Printing and Personalization in the commercial and industrial markets. Corporate Investments includes certain business incubation projects and investments in digital enablement projects. (1) Non-GAAP operating profit and non-GAAP free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to Reconciliation of GAAP Measures to Non- GAAP Measures on page 121 for a description and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures relative to reported GAAP financial measures. (2) Based on CQ3 25 IDC Quarterly Tracker. (3) As of October 31, 2025. FY25 performance highlights Net revenue By key segment and business unit 70% Personal systems 30% Printing $4.1 billion non-GAAP operating profit (1) $2.9 b illion non-GAAP free cash flow (1) Scale and Reach Market leader #1 In Print and Commercial Windows PC (ex-China) (2) Innovation IP 16k+ Patents Scale 170+/55k Countries/Employees (3) 6 Participating in our annual meeting Please join us for our Virtual Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HPQ2026. To participate in the annual meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number included on your notice of Internet availability of the proxy materials, on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. HP's virtual format allows stockholders to submit questions and comments in our stockholder forum both before and during the meeting. The virtual meeting format allows our stockholders to engage with us no matter where they live in the world and is accessible and available on any internet-connected device, be it a phone, a tablet, or a computer. We are able to reach a base of stockholders that is broader than just those who can travel to an in-person meeting. All of these benefits of a virtual meeting allow all of our stockholders to engage with us. Stockholders can submit questions in advance of the annual meeting by visiting our annual meeting website at www.proxyvote.com/HP. Questions received, both during and prior to the meeting, are presented as submitted, uncensored and unedited except for certain personal details for data protection purposes. If we receive substantially similar questions, we will group such questions together and provide a single response to avoid repetition. If we are unable to answer your question during the meeting due to time constraints, you are encouraged to contact the HP Investor Relations department at investorrelations@hp.com. 2026 Proxy statement 7 Table of contents Corporate governance and Board of Directors 8 BOARD PROPOSAL NO. 1 8 Election of Directors Vote required 8 Who we are 8 How we are selected 24 How we are organized 26 About our corporate governance 31 Stockholder engagement 41 Related-person transactions policies and procedures 42 How we are compensated 44 Audit matters 48 BOARD PROPOSAL NO. 2 48 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Vote required 48 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 48 Principal accountant fees and services 49 Pre-approval of audit and non-audit services policy 49 Executive compensation 50 BOARD PROPOSAL NO. 3 50 Advisory V ote to A pprove N amed E xecutive O fficer C ompensation Vote required 50 Compensation discussion and analysis 51 HR and Compensation Committee report on executive compensation 76 Executive compensation tables 77 BOARD PROPOSAL NO. 4 96 Approval of Fifth Amended and Restated HP Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan Vote required 96 Ownership of our stock 105 Common stock ownership of certain beneficial owner s and management 105 Stockholder proposal 108 S TOCK HOLDER PROPOSAL 108 Independent Board Chairman Vote required 110 Other matters 111 Questions and answers 111 Forward-looking statements 120 Reconciliation of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures 121 Annex A : Fi fth a mended and r estated HP Inc. 2004 s tock i ncentive p lan 122 8 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Board proposal no. 1 Election of Directors The board recommends a vote FOR each Director nominee. The Board of Directors of HP Inc. (the Board ) currently consists of 12 members (the Directors ), each of whom was last elected by stockholders at our annual meeting, held April 14, 2025. On the recommendation of the Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility ( NGSR ) Committee, the Board has nominated the 12 persons named below for election as Directors this year, each to serve for a one-year term and until the Director s successor is elected and qualified or, if earlier, until his or her resignation or removal. Vote required Each Director nominee who receives more FOR votes than AGAINST votes representing shares of HP common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to be voted at the annual meeting will be elected. If you sign your proxy card but do not give instructions with respect to voting for Directors, your shares will be voted by Bruce Broussard, Julie Jacobs and Whitney Cox (or any one of them), as proxy holders, FOR the election of all 12 Board nominees. If you wish to give specific instructions with respect to voting for Directors, you may do so by indicating your instructions when you vote via Internet or by telephone, or on your proxy card or voting instruction card. Director election voting standard and resignation policy We have adopted a policy whereby any incumbent Director nominee who receives a greater number of votes AGAINST his or her election than votes FOR such election will tender his or her offer of resignation for consideration by the NGSR Committee. The NGSR Committee will then make a recommendation to the Board regarding the appropriate response to such an offer of resignation. Who we are Overview Our Directors bring a broad range of highly relevant and complementary skills and experiences, which facilitates strong oversight of HP s management and HP s strategy. Seven of our director nominees are women and five are men. Four of our director nominees are racially or ethnically diverse. 2026 Proxy statement 9 Our Director nominees Name and principal occupation Age HP Director since Committees Other current public company/public registrant boards Chip Bergh INDEPENDENT Senior Lecturer, Harvard Business School 68 2015 H N e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. Pinterest, Inc. Bruce Broussard Interim Chief Executive Officer, HP Inc. 63 2021 Marsh McLennan Companies, Inc. Stacy Brown-Philpot INDEPENDENT Founder and Managing Director, Cherryrock Capital 50 2015 A N Stephanie A. Burns INDEPENDENT Director 71 2015 Corning Incorporated Mary Anne Citrino INDEPENDENT Senior Advisor and former Senior Managing Director, Blackstone 66 2015 A F Alcoa Corporation Richard L. Clemmer INDEPENDENT General Partner, Socratic Partners, and Chairman, Privafy, inc., Axon Networks, Pallidus and SecEdge, Inc. 74 2020 Seagate Technology Holdings plc Qorvo, Inc. Fama Francisco INDEPENDENT Chief Executive Officer, Baby, Feminine and Family Care, Procter Gamble Company 57 2024 H N David Meline INDEPENDENT Director 68 2023 ABB Ltd. Lonza Group Ltd Eikon Therapeutics, Inc. Judith Jami Miscik INDEPENDENT Senior Advisor, Lazard Geopolitical Advisory Group 67 2021 A N General Motors Company Morgan Stanley Gianluca Pettiti INDEPENDENT Executive Vice President and President, Life Sciences, Diagnostics and Applied, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. 47 2025 F H Kim K.W. Rucker INDEPENDENT Director 59 2021 Celanese Corporation GE Vernova Inc. Marathon Petroleum Corporation Songyee Yoon INDEPENDENT Managing Partner, Principal Venture Partners 50 2025 A F Committees A Audit Committee H HR and Compensation Committee Chair F Finance, Investment and Technology Committee N Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee 10 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Snapshot of Director nominees Board refreshment 4 New Directors since the beginning of fiscal 2024 4/12 Tenure 5.4 years is the average tenure 0-3 years 4/12 4-7 years 4/12 8-10 years 4/12 Independence 92% of the Board is Independent 11/12 Age 62 years old is the average age 47-55 3/12 56-65 3/12 66-74 6/12 Skills and qualification Business and management 11/12 Current or former CEO* 9/12 Customer experience 10/12 Disruptive innovation 7/12 Environmental and societal matters 9/12 Finance and capital allocation 12/12 Government and government affairs 8/12 Human capital management 10/12 International business and affairs 11/12 Operations 9/12 Risk management 12/12 Strategic transactions; M A 9/12 Strategy 12/12 Technology, cybersecurity and science 9/12 * Standalone Company or Substantial Segment 2026 Proxy statement 11 Skills, experience and attributes of our Director nominees Business and management HP requires a Board well-versed in navigating complexity and capitalizing on business opportunities to further our innovation and growth. Current or former CEO Experience as a CEO of a standalone company or substantial segment. Customer experience HP s customers are the foundation of our mission we continually seek to better serve our customer base with products and solutions that inspire and innovate. Disruptive innovation We continually seek to reinvent the Print and PC industries to deliver amazing innovative experiences to our customers having disruptive innovators on our Board helps inform our strategy. Environmental and societal matters Experience in environmental and social responsibility related issues and topics strengthens the Board s oversight of HP s policies and programs relating to these issues and reinforces HP s commitment to sustainability and social responsibility. Finance and capital allocation It is essential that we have Directors with strong financial acumen and experience to provide sound oversight and guide our investment strategies and capital allocation. Government and government affairs Government and government affairs experience offers us insight into the regulatory environment of the many jurisdictions in which we operate, their legislative and administrative priorities, and the potential implications for our business. Human capital management Experience in talent development, managing compensation and establishing culture strengthens the Board s oversight of HP s key human capital management strategies and programs. International business and affairs HP operates in over 170 countries worldwide, making international business experience a vital perspective on our Board and enabling us to succeed in the many markets in which we operate. Operations HP operates one of the world s largest supply chains we benefit from Directors who have successfully led complex operations and can help us to optimize our business model. Risk management Experience identifying, assessing and managing a broad spectrum of risks enables directors to effectively oversee the most significant risks facing HP. Strategic transactions; M A HP benefits from having Directors with experience leading organizations through significant strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and divestitures. Strategy The dynamic and fast-moving markets in which HP operates globally require a Board with strong strategic insights gained through multi-faceted and challenging prior experiences. Technology, cybersecurity and science With our deep history of innovation and our reliance on cutting edge R D, science and engineering, and the importance of cybersecurity to our business, we know that backgrounds in technology and user experience, cybersecurity policy, governance and risk management, and science and design, add valuable and vital components to our Board dialogue. Independent Tenure 10 5 10 10 10 6 1 2 5 1 4 1 12 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Biographies of Director nominees The biographies describe each Director nominee s qualifications and relevant experience. The biographies include key qualifications, skills, and attributes most relevant to the decision to nominate candidates to serve on the Board. Chip Bergh | 68 Chair, Independent Director since: 2015 Chair since: 2017 Current role: Senior Lecturer, Harvard Business School (since 2024) HP board committees: HR and Compensation; Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Current public company boards HP e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. Pinterest, Inc. Prior public company boards Levi Strauss Co. VF Corporation Qualifications: Prior business and other experience President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Levi Strauss Co., a clothing company (September 2011 January 2024) Group President, Global Male Grooming, Procter Gamble Co. (2009 September 2011) In 28 years at Procter Gamble, Mr. Bergh served in a variety of executive roles, including managing business in multiple regions worldwide Other key qualifications Mr. Bergh brings to the Board extensive experience in executive leadership at large global companies and international business management. From his more than 40 years at Levi Strauss and Procter Gamble, Mr. Bergh has a strong operational and strategic background with significant experience in brand management. He also brings public company governance experience as a board member and committee member of other public and private companies. Skills: Business and management Environmental and societal matters Human capital management Risk management Current or former CEO Finance and capital allocation International business and affairs Strategic transactions; M A Customer experience Government and government affairs Operations Strategy 2026 Proxy statement 13 Bruce Broussard | 63 Director since: 2021 Current role: Interim Chief Executive Officer, HP (since February 2026) HP board committees: N/A Current public company boards HP Marsh McLennan Companies, Inc. Prior public company boards KeyCorp Humana Inc. Qualifications: Prior business and other experience President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (January 2013 July 2024) and Advisor (July 2024 February 2026), Humana, a health insurance company Chief Executive Officer, McKesson Specialty/US Oncology, Inc. (January 2008 December 2011) In 11 years at US Oncology, Inc., which was acquired by McKesson in December 2010, served in a number of senior executive roles, including Chief Financial Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Other key qualifications Mr. Broussard brings to the Board extensive experience in executive leadership at large global companies, international business management, healthcare and technology-enabled transformation. In addition, as HP s Interim Chief Executive Officer, he provides valuable insight regarding the Company s operations to the Board. From his roles at Humana and US Oncology, Mr. Broussard has significant experience in the healthcare and health technology sectors, including leading Humana through a multi-year digital and analytics transformation. He also provides venture capital and private equity experience, including work with early-stage digital health companies. He also brings public company governance experience as a board member and committee member of other public companies. Skills: Business and management Finance and capital allocation Operations Technology, cybersecurity and science Current or former CEO Government and government affairs Risk management Customer experience Human capital management Strategic transactions; M A Environmental and societal matters International business and affairs Strategy 14 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Stacy Brown-Philpot | 50 Independent Director since: 2015 Current role: Founder and Managing Director; Cherryrock Capital, a venture capital firm (since 2023) HP board committees: Audit; Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Current public company boards HP Prior public company boards Nordstrom, Inc. Qualifications: Prior business and other experience Member of Investment Committee, Softbank Opportunity Fund, a venture capital fund (June 2020-June 2023) Chief Executive Officer, TaskRabbit, an online labor interface company (April 2016 August 2020) Chief Operating Officer, TaskRabbit (January 2013 April 2016) Entrepreneur-in-Residence, Google Ventures, the venture capital investment arm of Google, Inc., a technology company ( Google ) (May 2012 December 2012) Senior Director of Global Consumer Operations, Google (2010 May 2012) Prior to 2010, Ms. Brown-Philpot served in a variety of Director-level positions at Google Prior to joining Google in 2003, Ms. Brown-Philpot served as a senior analyst and senior associate at the financial firms Goldman Sachs and PwC Other key qualifications Ms. Brown-Philpot brings to the Board extensive operational, analytical, financial, and strategic experience. In addition to her role as CEO of TaskRabbit, Ms. Brown-Philpot s decade of experience leading various operations at Google and her prior financial experience from her roles at Goldman Sachs and PwC provide unique operational and financial experience to the Board. Skills: Business and management Disruptive innovation Human capital management Risk management Current or former CEO Environmental and societal matters International business and affairs Strategy Customer experience Finance and capital allocation Operations Technology, cybersecurity and science 2026 Proxy statement 15 Stephanie A. Burns | 71 Independent Director since: 2015 Current role: Director HP board committees: Finance, Investment and Technology; HR and Compensation (Chair) Current public company boards HP Corning Incorporated Prior public company boards GlaxoSmithKline plc Kellanova Manpower, Inc. Qualifications: Prior business and other experience Chief Executive Officer, Dow Corning Corp., a silicon-based manufacturing company (2004 May 2011) President, Dow Corning (2003 November 2010) Executive Vice President, Dow Corning (2000 2003) Other key qualifications Dr. Burns has more than 30 years of global innovation and business leadership experience and brings significant experience in scientific research, product development, science and technology leadership, and business management to the Board. Her leadership experience includes growing Dow Corning Corporation through materials innovation, investing in solar applications and expanding into emerging markets. Dr. Burns also brings public company governance experience to the Board as a member of boards and board committees of other public companies. Skills: Business and management Disruptive innovation International business and affairs Strategy Current or former CEO Environmental and societal matters Operations Technology, cybersecurity and science Customer experience Finance and capital allocation Risk management 16 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Mary Anne Citrino | 66 Independent Director since: 2015 Current role: Senior Advisor and former Senior Managing Director, Blackstone, an investment firm (since 2004 ) HP board committees: Audit; Finance, Investment and Technology Current public company boards HP Alcoa Corporation Prior public company boards Health Net, Inc. Dollar Tree Inc. Barclays Ahold Delhaize Qualifications: Prior business and other experience Managing Director, Global Head of Consumer Products Investment Banking Group, and Co- head of Health Care Services Investment Banking, Morgan Stanley (1986 2004) Other key qualifications The Board benefits from Ms. Citrino s extensive experience advising a broad range of clients in the consumer products industry through her roles at Blackstone and Morgan Stanley. In addition, Ms. Citrino s more than 30- year career as an investment banker provides the Board with substantial knowledge regarding business operations and strategy, finance and investment. She also brings public company governance experience as a member of boards and board committees of other public companies. Skills: Business and management Human capital management Strategic transactions; M A Technology, cybersecurity and science Finance and capital allocation Risk management Strategy 2026 Proxy statement 17 Richard L. Clemmer | 74 Independent Director since: 2020 Current role: Founding General Partner, Socratic Partners (since 2024), and Chairman, Privafy, Inc., Axon Networks, Pallidus and SecEdge, Inc. HP board committees: Audit; Finance, Investment and Technology Committee (Chair) Current public company boards HP Seagate Technology Holdings plc Qorvo, Inc. Prior public company boards Aptiv PLC NCR Corporation NXP Semiconductors N.V. i2 Technologies, Inc. Qualifications: Prior business and other experience Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director, NXP Semiconductors N.V., a semiconductor company (January 2009 May 2020) Senior Advisor, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. (May 2007 December 2008) President and Chief Executive Officer, Agere Systems Inc. (October 2005 April 2007) Other key qualifications Mr. Clemmer brings to the Board significant leadership experience in the high tech industry, including experience with semiconductor, storage, e-Commerce, and software companies, and brings valuable experience leading organizations through strategic transactions. In his roles at NXP Semiconductors and Agere Systems, Mr. Clemmer oversaw the successful execution of a number of key strategic transactions, including the acquisition and integration of several companies and business units. Skills: Business and management Environmental and societal matters International business and affairs Strategy Current or former CEO Finance and capital allocation Operations Technology, cybersecurity and science Customer experience Government and government affairs Risk management Disruptive innovation Human capital management Strategic transactions; M A 18 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Fama Francisco | 57 Independent Director since: 2024 Current role: Chief Executive Officer, Baby, Feminine and Family Care, Procter Gamble Company (since 2021) HP board committees: HR and Compensation; Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Current public company boards HP Prior public company boards Organon Co. Inc. Qualifications: Prior business and other experience CEO, Global Baby, Feminine and Family Care, Procter Gamble, a consumer goods company (September 2021 Present) CEO, Global Baby and Feminine Care, Procter Gamble (July 2019-September 2021) President, Global Baby Care, President Global Feminine Care, and other executive leadership roles of increasing responsibility at Procter Gamble (April 1989 July 2019) Other key qualifications Ms. Francisco brings to the board extensive global consumer brand and product innovation experience. She also brings strong public company and board leadership experience. Skills: Business and management Environmental and societal matters International business and affairs Strategy Current or former CEO Finance and capital allocation Operations Customer experience Government and government affairs Risk management Disruptive innovation Human capital management Strategic transactions; M A 2026 Proxy statement 19 David Meline | 68 Independent Director since: 2023 Current role: Director HP board committees: Audit (Chair), Finance, Investment and Technology Current public company boards HP ABB Ltd. Lonza Group Ltd Eikon Therapeutics, Inc. Prior public company boards Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. Qualifications: Prior business and other experience CFO, Moderna Inc., a biotechnology and pharmaceutical company (June 2020 September 2022) CFO and Executive Vice President, Amgen Inc., a biotechnology company (July 2014 December 2019) CFO and Senior Vice President (2011 2014) and Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (2008 2011), 3M Company In 20 years at General Motors, Mr. Meline served in a variety of finance and management roles Other key qualifications Mr. Meline brings to the Board deep background and breadth of experience in finance, capital allocation, manufacturing and technology. From his prior CFO roles at three global companies, Mr. Meline has experience driving operational performance, scaling growth businesses and delivering strong financial performance. Mr. Meline also provides the Board with substantial knowledge in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors. Skills: Business and management Finance and capital allocation Operations Technology, cybersecurity and science Customer experience Government and government affairs Risk management Disruptive innovation Human capital management Strategic transactions; M A Environmental and societal matters International business and affairs Strategy 20 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Judith Jami Miscik | 67 Independent Director since: 2021 Current role: Senior Advisor, Lazard Geopolitical Advisory Group (since 2022) HP board committees: Audit, Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Current public company boards HP General Motors Company Morgan Stanley Prior public company boards EMC Corporation Pivotal Software, Inc. Qualifications: Prior business and other experience CEO and Vice Chairman (2015-2022) and President (2009-2015), Kissinger Associates, Inc., a consulting firm Global Head of Sovereign Risk, Lehman Brothers (2005 2008) Distinguished 22-year career at the Central Intelligence Agency, including serving as the Deputy Director for Intelligence from 2002 to 2005 Director for Intelligence Programs, National Security Council (1995 1996) Other key qualifications Ms. Miscik brings to the Board significant experience in international affairs, intelligence and risk assessment and a unique understanding of geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions and trends gained from her roles in the public and private sectors. Skills: Current or former CEO Government and government affairs Risk management Technology, cybersecurity and science Finance and capital allocation International business and affairs Strategy 2026 Proxy statement 21 Gianluca Pettiti | 47 Independent Director since: 2025 Current role: Executive Vice President and President, Life Sciences, Diagnostics and Applied , Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (since 2022) HP board committees: Finance, Investment and Technology, HR and Compensation Committee Current public company boards HP Prior public company boards Butterfly Network, Inc. Qualifications: Prior business and other experience Executive Vice President and President, Life Sciences, Diagnostics and Applied, Thermo Fisher Scientific, a life science and clinical research company (2022-Present) Senior Vice President and President, Specialty Diagnostics, Thermo Fisher Scientific (2019-2021) Various global positions including President, Biosciences (2018-2019) and President, China (2015-2017), Thermo Fisher Scientific Other key qualifications Mr. Pettiti is a global business executive and thought leader at the intersection of technology, life sciences, and diagnostics who has built a broad international career spanning Europe, South America, China, and the United States. He also brings to the Board experience leading the digital, AI and innovation initiatives at Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Skills: Business and management Finance and capital allocation Operations Technology, cybersecurity and science Current or former CEO Government and government affairs Risk management Customer experience Human capital management Strategic transactions; M A Disruptive innovation International business and affairs Strategy 22 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Kim K.W. Rucker | 59 Independent Director since: 2021 Current role: Director HP board committees: Audit, Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility (Chair) Current public company boards HP Celanese Corporation Marathon Petroleum Corporation GE Vernova Prior public company boards Lennox International Inc. Qualifications: Prior business and other experience Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Andeavor, an integrated marketing, logistics and refining company, and General Counsel of Andeavor Logistics LP, a midstream energy infrastructure and logistics company (2016-2018) Executive Vice President, Corporate Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Kraft Foods Group, Inc., a food and beverage company (2012 2015) Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer (2008 2012) and Corporate Secretary (2009 2012), Avon Products, Inc. Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer, Energy Future Holdings Corp. (formerly TXU Corp.) (2004 2008) Former Partner in the Corporate Securities group at Sidley Austin LLP, a law firm Other key qualifications Ms. Rucker is a seasoned business executive who brings to the Board decades of leadership, corporate governance, strategic transactions, and human capital experience. She has substantial experience in a wide array of business matters, including those facing customer-driven and marketing companies. Moreover, her experience as a former General Counsel and partner at an international law firm provides the Board with valuable insight on issues relating to complex transactions, regulatory matters, law, corporate governance, internal and external communications, government affairs and community involvement activities. Skills: Business and management Finance and capital allocation International business and affairs Strategy Customer experience Government and government affairs Risk management Environmental and societal matters Human capital management Strategic transactions; M A 2026 Proxy statement 23 Songyee Yoon | 50 Independent Director since: 2025 Current role: Founder and Managing Partner, Principal Venture Partners HP board committees: Audit, Finance, Investment and Technology Committee Current public company boards HP Prior public company boards None Qualifications: Prior business and other experience Founder and Managing Partner, Principal Venture Partners, L.P., a venture capital fund (2024-Present) Various positions of increasing responsibility at NCSoft Corporation, a digital entertainment and publishing company (2008-2023), including President, Chief Strategy Officer, and Chief Executive Officer of NCWest Vice President, Communications Intelligence, SK Telecom (2004-2007), a wireless telecommunications company Engagement Manager, McKinsey Company (2000-2002), a management consulting company Other key qualifications Ms. Yoon brings the Board significant experience in technology, AI, and international business. Her venture fund, Principal Venture Partners, L.P., focuses on investments in AI-native companies, and as former President and Chief Strategy Officer of NCSoft, she led global expansion and AI integration across multiple countries. Skills: Business and management Environmental and societal matters Operations Technology, cybersecurity and science Current or former CEO Finance and capital allocation Risk management Customer experience Human capital management Strategic transactions; M A Disruptive innovation International business and affairs Strategy 24 Corporate governance and Board of Directors How we are selected Identifying and evaluating candidates for Director The NGSR Committee uses a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating nominees for Director. The NGSR Committee, in consultation with the Chair, regularly assesses the appropriate size of the Board and candidates and whether any vacancies on the Board are expected due to retirement or otherwise. If vacancies are anticipated, or otherwise arise, the NGSR Committee considers various potential candidates for Director. Candidates may come to the attention of the NGSR Committee through current Board members, professional search firms, stockholders or other persons. As part of the search process for each new Director, the NGSR Committee actively seeks out candidates with a broad range of skills, experiences and backgrounds to include in the pool from which Director candidates are chosen. Identified candidates are evaluated at regular or special meetings of the NGSR Committee and may be considered at any point during the year. Director nominees and Director nominees experience and qualifications HP does not use mandatory retirement age or term limits for directors as formal refreshment mechanisms; however, we actively monitor the tenure of our Directors with a view that our average tenure should not exceed ten years and Directors with greater than ten years of service should be closely evaluated. The Board annually reviews the desired skills and qualifications of Directors in the context of the current composition of the Board, our operating requirements and the long-term interests of our stockholders. The Board believes that its members should possess broad skills, professional experience, and backgrounds in order to effectively oversee our business. The Board believes that each Director should possess certain attributes, as reflected in the Board membership criteria described below. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines contain the current Board membership criteria that apply to nominees recommended for a position on the Board. Under those criteria, Directors should: have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with our long-standing values and standards; have broad experience at the policy-making level in business, government, education, technology or public service; be committed to enhancing stockholder value and represent the interests of all of our stockholders; and have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience (which means that Directors service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them, given their individual circumstances, to responsibly perform all Director duties). In addition, the NGSR Committee takes into account a potential Director s ability to contribute to the variety of skills and experience represented on the Board, and it reviews its effectiveness in balancing these considerations when assessing the composition of the Board. Although the Board uses these and other criteria as appropriate to evaluate potential nominees, it has no stated minimum criteria for nominees. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines can be found on our website at https://investor.hp.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. In addition, our Bylaws require that to be qualified to serve as a Director and to be eligible to be a Director nominee, each Director and Director nominee: must not have been an officer or director of a company that is a competitor of HP within the prior three years; and must not be a named subject of a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) pending as of the date HP first mails the proxy materials that include the name of the nominee and, within the ten years preceding such date, must not have been convicted in such a criminal proceeding. The Board believes that all the nominees named above are highly qualified and have the skills and experience required for effective service on the Board. All the nominees named above have indicated to us that they will be available to serve as Directors. In the event that any nominee should become unavailable, the proxy holders, Bruce Broussard, Julie Jacobs and Whitney Cox, will vote for a substitute nominee or nominees designated by the Board, if it decides to do so. If any substitute nominees are so designated, we will file an amended proxy statement or additional soliciting material that, as applicable, identifies the substitute nominees, discloses that such nominees have consented to being named in the amended proxy statement or additional soliciting material and to serve as Directors if elected, and includes certain biographical and other information about such nominees required by the applicable SEC rules. There are no family relationships among our executive officers and Directors. 2026 Proxy statement 25 Annual self-evaluation Annually, the Board and each Committee conduct a self-evaluation, overseen by the NGSR Committee. This year's annual evaluation process is summarized below. 1 Evaluation process and assessment The NGSR Committee, working with the independent Chair, determines the process, scope and contents of the Board s annual self-evaluation. As part of this process, tailored questionnaires for the Board and each Committee are prepared and reviewed prior to the distribution to each of the Directors. Topics include: Board and Committee roles, effectiveness, and topical focus Board and Committee composition, size and culture Board and Committee oversight of strategic priorities, governance and risk matters Access to management and ability to act independently 2 Review and discussion Following completion of the questionnaires, either the independent Chair or Chair of the NGSR Committee meets with each director individually to solicit feedback. The results of the Committee evaluations are shared with the Chairs of each Committee on an anonymized basis. The Chair of the NGSR Committee then provides the NGSR Committee and the Board with a summary of responses to the questionnaires. Separately, each Committee Chair additionally reviews the applicable Committee self-evaluation results with members of the relevant Committee. 3 Feedback incorporated Policies and practices are enhanced as a result of the self-evaluation results. Examples include enhancements to the Board s oversight of developing strategy and risk topics, enhancing the Board s oversight of leadership development, and enhancements to governance practices and procedures. Stockholder recommendations and nominations The policy of the NGSR Committee is to consider properly submitted stockholder recommendations of candidates for the Board. Following verification of the stockholder status of individuals proposing candidates, recommendations are considered collectively by the NGSR Committee at a regularly scheduled meeting. If any materials are provided by a stockholder in connection with the recommendation of a Director candidate, such materials are forwarded to the NGSR Committee. In evaluating such recommendation, the NGSR Committee seeks to achieve a balance of a broad range of skills and experience. The NGSR Committee evaluates nominees recommended by stockholders using the same criteria it uses to evaluate all other candidates. Any stockholder recommendations submitted for consideration by the NGSR Committee should include verification of the stockholder status of the person submitting the recommendation and the recommended candidate s name and qualifications for Board membership and should be addressed to our Corporate Secretary at HP Inc., 1501 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. In addition, our Bylaws permit stockholders to nominate Directors for consideration at an annual stockholder meeting and, under certain circumstances, to include their nominees in the HP proxy statement. For a description of the process for nominating Directors in accordance with our Bylaws, see Questions and answers Voting information. 26 Corporate governance and Board of Directors How we are organized Name Audit Finance, Investment and Technology HR and Compensation Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Independent Directors Chip Bergh Stacy Brown-Philpot Stephanie A. Burns Mary Anne Citrino Richard L. Clemmer Fama Francisco David Meline Judith Jami Miscik Gianluca Pettiti Kim K.W. Rucker Songyee Yoon Other Directors Bruce Broussard Member Chair Audit committee financial expert 2026 Proxy statement 27 Audit Committee Chair : David Meline Specific duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee include, among other things: Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm overseeing the appointment, compensation, retention, and performance of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and discussing with the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm its relationships with HP and its independence; and periodically considering whether there should be a regular rotation of the accounting firm in order to assure continuing independence. Audit non-audit services; financial statements; audit report reviewing and approving the scope of the independent registered public accounting firm s audit, audit-related services and related fees; and overseeing and reviewing our financial reporting processes and the audit of our financial statements, including the effectiveness of our financial reporting processes and functions. Disclosure controls; internal controls procedures; legal compliance overseeing and reviewing our disclosure controls and procedures, internal controls, internal audit function, and corporate policies with respect to financial information and earnings guidance; overseeing and reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of HP s cybersecurity, information and technology security, and data protection programs, procedures, and policies; and overseeing compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Risk oversight and assessment overseeing and reviewing our significant strategic, enterprise and other risks (including significant risks or exposures relating to litigation and other proceedings and regulatory matters that may have a significant impact on our financial statements) and management s establishment of effective governance, programs, and processes to identify, assess, and mitigate such risks; reviewing key functional and business risk areas, including specific critical risks identified by our enterprise risk management program; and reviewing other risks relating to the matters described above and management s approach to addressing these risks. Other members : Stacy Brown-Philpot Mary Anne Citrino Richard L. Clemmer Judith Jami Miscik Kim K.W. Rucker Songyee Yoon Number of meetings : 9 We have an Audit Committee established in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Audit Committee represents and assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities for overseeing our financial reporting processes and the audit of our financial statements. The Board determined that Mr. Meline, Chair of the Audit Committee, and each of the other Audit Committee members (Ms. Brown-Philpot, Ms. Citrino, Mr. Clemmer, Ms. Miscik, Ms. Rucker and Ms. Yoon) are independent within the meaning of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and SEC standards of independence for directors and audit committee members and have satisfied the NYSE financial literacy requirements. Audit Committee Financial Experts The Board also determined that each of Ms. Brown-Philpot, Ms. Citrino, Mr. Clemmer, Mr. Meline and Ms. Yoon is an audit committee financial expert as defined by SEC rules. The report of the Audit Committee is included on pages 48 - 49 . 28 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Finance, Investment and Technology Committee Chair : Richard L. Clemmer The Finance, Investment and Technology ( FIT ) Committee s responsibilities and duties include, among other things: Treasury matters reviewing or overseeing significant treasury matters such as capital structure and capital allocation strategy, derivative policy, global liquidity, fixed income investments, borrowings and credit facilities, debt issuances and redemptions, currency exposure, dividend policy, share issuances and repurchases, employee benefit fund matters and plan performance, and capital spending. M A transactions strategic alliances overseeing and periodically reviewing with management, significant mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, strategic equity investments or other minority investments, strategic alliances, or similar transactions ( Strategic Transactions ); and overseeing our integration planning and execution and the financial results of such transactions after integration. Capital allocation reviewing and overseeing capital investing decisions, capital structure, and the allocation of free cash flow; and reviewing and overseeing the execution of HP s strategic plans and capital allocation strategies. Technology strategies guidance overseeing and periodically reviewing with management, the scope, direction, quality, incubation of, and investment levels in, our technology, and execution of our technology strategies; and overseeing and periodically reviewing with management, technology management related to Strategic Transactions and other transactions, including HP s or a third-party s technology or intellectual property as it may pertain to, among other things, Strategic Transactions, market entry and exit, new business divisions and spin-offs, R D investments, and key competitor and partnership strategies. Risk oversight and assessment overseeing the execution of derivatives and financial risk hedging strategy; assessing risk and return of financial investments and managing risk levels in the deployment of capital; reviewing acquisition and integration risks associated with M A transactions and strategic alliances; and reviewing other risks relating to the matters described above and management s approach to addressing these risks. Other members : Stephanie A. Burns Mary Anne Citrino David Meline Gianluca Pettiti Songyee Yoon Number of meetings : 5 The FIT Committee provides oversight of the finance and investment functions of HP. 2026 Proxy statement 29 Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee Chair : Kim K.W. Rucker Specific duties and responsibilities of the NGSR Committee include, among other things: Board matters establishing criteria for Board membership, identifying individuals qualified to serve as directors, and recommending to the Board candidates to be elected or nominated for election as Directors, as well as Director succession planning; overseeing and reviewing the size, composition, operation, and calendar of the Board and recommending assignments of Directors to Board committees and chairs of Board committees; and periodically reviewing the Board s leadership structure, recommending changes to the Board as appropriate. HP governing documents corporate governance guidelines other policies overseeing and reviewing our governance practices, including our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, Corporate Governance Guidelines and related policies, governance structures, and director-led engagements with HP s stakeholders concerning such matters. Environmental and societal matters overseeing significant strategies, policies, positions, and goals relating to global citizenship, sustainability, climate change, human rights, and digital equity, as well as the impact of HP s operations on employees, customers, suppliers, partners, and communities worldwide; reviewing HP s annual Sustainable Impact Report, which addresses HP s supply chain and environment and sustainability performance; and overseeing the policies and programs relating to, and the way HP conducts, its government relations activities. Risk oversight and assessment identifying, evaluating, and monitoring social, political, and environmental trends, issues, concerns, and risks; monitoring legislative proposals and regulatory developments that could significantly affect the public affairs of HP; and reviewing other risks relating to the matters described above and management s approach to addressing these risks. Other members : Chip Bergh Stacy Brown-Philpot Fama Francisco Judith Jami Miscik Number of meetings : 5 The NGSR Committee oversees and represents and assists the Board (and management, as applicable) in fulfilling its responsibilities relating to our corporate governance, Director nominations and elections, HP s policies and programs relating to global citizenship and other legal, regulatory and compliance matters relating to current and emerging political, environmental, global citizenship and public policy trends. The Board determined that Ms. Rucker, who serves as Chair of the NGSR Committee, and each of the other NGSR Committee members (Mr. Bergh, Ms. Brown-Philpot, Ms. Francisco and Ms. Miscik) are independent within the meaning of the NYSE director independence standards. 30 Corporate governance and Board of Directors HR and Compensation Committee Chair : Stephanie A. Burns Specific duties and responsibilities of the HRC Committee include, among other things: Executive compensation philosophy, peer group, plan design, performance reviews reviewing the overall compensation philosophy and strategy with respect to HP s executive officers and reviewing and approving short-term and long-term incentive plan design, structure and goals; conducting annual performance evaluation of the CEO and recommending all elements of the CEO s compensation to the independent members of the Board for their review and approval; and reviewing and approving goals and objectives relevant to other executive officer compensation, evaluating performance based on evaluations undertaken by the CEO and reviewed by the HRC Committee and determining their compensation in accordance with those goals and objectives. Other compensation employee benefit plans overseeing and monitoring the effectiveness of non-equity-based benefit plan offerings, including but not limited to non-qualified deferred compensation, fringe benefits, and perquisites and approving any material new employee benefit plan or change to an existing plan. Director compensation overseeing compensation policies and practices for service on the Board and its committees and recommending to the Board any changes to director compensation. Executive succession planning leadership development reviewing senior management selection, recommending the appointment of corporate officers to the Board for approval, overseeing succession planning and leadership development, including guiding the CEO succession planning process in partnership with the Chairman and full Board. People processes and culture reviewing employee engagement and employee initiatives including key training and development programs and results of employee engagement surveys; and monitoring key metrics to evaluate the workforce including workforce attrition and retention, headcount, pay equity, talent and learning, employee engagement, key hires, and restructuring. Risk oversight and assessment assessing whether HP s overall human resources and compensation structures, policies, programs, and practices establish appropriate incentives and leadership development opportunities for management and other employees, and confirming they do not encourage improper risk taking. Other members : Chip Bergh Fama Francisco Gianluca Pettiti Number of meetings : 7 The HRC Committee discharges the Board s responsibilities related to the compensation of our executives and Directors and provides general oversight of our compensation structure, including our equity compensation plans and benefits programs. The Board determined that Dr. Burns, who serves as Chair of the HRC Committee, and each of the other HRC Committee members (Mr. Bergh, Ms. Francisco and Mr. Pettiti) are independent within the meaning of the NYSE standards of independence for directors and compensation committee members. The HRC Committee may delegate any of its duties and responsibilities, including the administration of equity incentive or employee benefit plans, to a subcommittee, the Chair, one or more members of the Committee, another director, or other persons, including HP personnel unless otherwise prohibited by applicable laws or regulations. 2026 Proxy statement 31 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Mses. Alvarez, Burns and Francisco, and Messrs. Bergh, Broussard, and Pettiti served on the HRC Committee during fiscal 2025. None of the current members of the HRC Committee have been, or are, one of our officers or employees. During Mr. Broussard s tenure on the HRC Committee, he was not an officer or employee of HP. In fiscal 2025, no member of the HRC Committee had any relationship or transaction with the Company that would require disclosure as a related person transaction under Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K. During fiscal 2025, none of our executive officers served as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of another entity, an executive officer of which served as a member of our Board or HRC Committee. About our corporate governance Governance practices HP has a history of strong corporate governance and we have always led by example, adopting changes in line with our commitment to the highest standards of governance. The NSGR Committee conducts an annual corporate governance review, in which our corporate governance policies and practices are evaluated for potential improvements. The following examples highlight some of the key features of our corporate governance policies and practices: Independent Board Chair Supermajority of independent Directors Reasonable average Director tenure Annual election of Directors Majority vote for Directors in uncontested elections Committee memberships limited to independent Directors Executive sessions of non-employee Directors Annual Board and committee self-evaluations Strong Director and officer stock ownership guidelines Director-shareholder engagement program One share, one vote Stockholder right to call a special meeting (15% threshold) Stockholder right to proxy access (3% threshold for 3 years) No poison pill 32 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Board leadership structure The Board periodically evaluates its leadership structure, taking into account the evolving needs of the business and the interests of HP s stockholders. The Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to currently separate the Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer roles and for our Chair to be independent. Mr. Bergh serves as our independent Chair of the Board. The Board believes that Mr. Bergh is well suited to serve as Chair and provide constructive, independent and informed guidance and oversight to management given his significant managerial, operational and global experience. Our Board believes that our current structure, with an independent Chair who is well-versed in the needs of a complex business and has strong, well-defined governance duties, gives our Board a strong leadership and corporate governance structure that best serves the needs of HP and its stockholders. The Board also believes that this structure enables Mr. Broussard, in his role as Interim Chief Executive Officer, to focus his attention on our business strategy and operations. The Board will continue to evaluate its leadership structure on an ongoing basis and may make changes as appropriate for HP and its future needs. The independent Chair has the following responsibilities: oversees the planning of the annual Board calendar; in consultation with the CEO and the other Directors, schedules, approves and sets the agenda for meetings of the Board and chairs and leads the discussion at such meetings; chairs HP s annual meeting of stockholders; is available in appropriate circumstances to speak on behalf of the Board and for consultation and direct communication with stockholders; provides guidance and oversight to management; helps with the formulation and implementation of HP s strategic plan; serves as the Board liaison to management; has the authority to call meetings of the independent Directors and schedules, sets the agenda for, and presides at executive sessions of the independent Directors; advises on information sent to the Board; works with the HRC Committee to coordinate the annual performance evaluation of the CEO; works with the NGSR Committee to oversee the Board and committee evaluations; and performs such other functions and responsibilities as set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines or as requested by the Board from time to time. Chip Bergh Independent Chair 2026 Proxy statement 33 Executive sessions During fiscal 2025, the Directors regularly met in executive session, including executive sessions of only the independent Directors. Throughout fiscal 2025, Mr. Bergh served as independent Chair. As such, Mr. Bergh scheduled and chaired each executive session held during fiscal 2025. Any independent Director may request that an additional executive session be scheduled. Board Committees also have regular executive sessions without management present. Meeting attendance During fiscal 2025, the Board held five meetings, all of which included executive sessions. During fiscal 2025, we had the following four standing committees, which held the number of meetings indicated in parentheses during fiscal 2025: Audit Committee (9); FIT Committee (5); HRC Committee (7); and NGSR Committee (5). All the committee charters are available on our investor relations website at https://investor.hp.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. Each incumbent Director serving during fiscal 2025 attended at least 75% of the aggregate of all Board and applicable committee meetings held during the period that he or she served as a Director. Directors are encouraged to participate in our annual meeting of stockholders. Five of our thirteen then-serving Directors standing for re-election attended our last annual meeting, held on April 14, 2025. Director independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on our website at https://investor.hp.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx, provide that a substantial majority of the Board will consist of independent Directors and that the Board can include no more than three Directors who are not independent Directors. The independence standards can be found as Exhibit A to our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Our Director independence standards are consistent with, and in some respects more stringent than, the NYSE director independence standards. In addition, each member of the Audit Committee meets the heightened independence standards required for audit committee members under the applicable listing and SEC standards and each member of the HRC Committee meets the heightened independence standards required for compensation committee members under the applicable listing and SEC standards. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, a Director will not be considered independent in the following circumstances: The Director is, or has been within the last three years, an employee of HP, or an immediate family member of the Director is, or has been within the last three years, an executive officer of HP. The Director has been employed as an executive officer of HP or affiliates within the last five years. The Director has received, or has an immediate family member who has received, during any twelve-month period within the last three years, more than $120,000 in direct compensation from HP, other than compensation for Board service, compensation received by a Director s immediate family member for service as a non-executive employee of HP, and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service with HP that is not contingent on continued service. (A) The Director or an immediate family member is a current partner of the firm that is HP s internal or external auditor; (B) the Director is a current employee of such a firm; (C) the Director has an immediate family member who is a current employee of such a firm and who personally worked on HP s audit; or (D) the Director or an immediate family member was within the last three years (but is no longer) a partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on HP s audit within that time. The Director or an immediate family member is, or has been in the past three years, employed as an executive officer of another company where any of HP s present executive officers at the same time serves or has served on that company s compensation committee. The Director is a current employee, or an immediate family member is a current executive officer, of a company that has made payments to, or received payments from, HP for property or services in an amount which, in any of the last three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of $1 million, or 2% of such other company s consolidated gross revenues for such company s last completed fiscal year. The Director is affiliated with a charitable organization that receives significant contributions from HP. The Director has a personal services contract with HP or an executive officer of HP. For these purposes, an immediate family member includes a person s spouse, parents, stepparents, children, stepchildren, siblings, mothers and fathers-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law, brothers- and sisters-in-law, and anyone (other than domestic employees) who shares the Director s home. 34 Corporate governance and Board of Directors In determining independence, the Board reviews whether Directors have any material relationship with HP. An independent Director must not have any material relationship with HP, either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with HP, nor any relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a Director. In assessing the materiality of a Director s relationship to HP, the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances, including consideration of the issues from the Director s standpoint and from the perspective of the persons or organizations with which the Director has an affiliation, and is guided by the standards set forth above. In making its independence determinations, the Board considered transactions occurring since the beginning of fiscal 2023 between HP and entities associated with the independent Directors or their immediate family members. The Board considered that each of Ms. Francisco and Mr. Pettiti is employed by an organization that did business with HP at some time during the last three fiscal years. The amount received by HP or such other organization in each of the last three fiscal years did not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of either HP s or such organization s consolidated gross revenues. Additionally, the Board also considered that Mr. Bergh, Mr. Broussard, Ms. Brown-Philpot, Dr. Burns, Ms. Citrino, Mr. Clemmer, Mr. Meline, Ms. Miscik and Ms. Rucker, or one of their immediate family members, is a non-employee director, trustee or advisory board member of another organization that did business with HP at some time during the last three fiscal years. These business relationships were as a supplier or purchaser of goods or services in the ordinary course of business. As a result of this review, the Board has determined the transactions described above would not interfere with the Director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a Director. The Board has also determined that, with the exception of Mr. Lores and Mr. Broussard, (i) each of HP s Directors who served in fiscal 2025 and each Director Nominee, including Ms. Alvarez (during the portion of fiscal 2025 she served on the Board), Mr. Bennett (during the portion of fiscal 2025 he served on the Board) , Mr. Bergh, Ms. Brown-Philpot, Dr. Burns, Ms. Citrino, Mr. Clemmer, Ms. Francisco, Mr. Meline, Ms. Miscik, Mr. Pettiti, Ms. Rucker and Ms. Yoon, and (ii) each of the members of the Audit Committee, the HRC Committee and the NGSR Committee, has (or had) no material relationship with HP (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with HP) and is (or was) independent within the meaning of the NYSE and our Director independence standards. Mr. Lores was not independent because of his status as our former President and CEO and Mr. Broussard is not independent because of his status as our current Interim CEO. For the period prior to being appointed to serve as Interim CEO, Mr. Broussard was determined to be independent within the meaning of the NYSE and our Director independence standards. Overboarding policy Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a Director s service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits the Director, given his or her individual circumstances, to perform responsibly all Director duties. Further, our Bylaws provide that this service may not exceed five public company boards in total, including HP. To help the Board monitor compliance with these requirements set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Bylaws, Directors are required to obtain approval from the NGSR Committee prior to agreeing to stand for election to outside, for-profit boards. Throughout the year, we also monitor our Directors time commitments and in considering whether to nominate each Director nominee for election at the annual meeting, the NGSR Committee and the Board took into account each Director s public company leadership positions and other outside commitments and determined that all of our Director nominees are able to perform responsibly all Director duties. We review our overboarding policy as part of our annual review of our Corporate Governance Guidelines. We also review the overboarding policies of our institutional investors on an ongoing basis and discuss such policies during investor engagements. In addition, no member of the Audit Committee may serve on the audit committee of more than three public companies, including HP, unless the Board determines that such simultaneous service would not impair the ability of such member to effectively serve on the Audit Committee. Mr. Meline currently serves on the audit committee of four public companies and the Board has determined that such simultaneous service does not impair the ability of Mr. Meline to effectively serve on HP s Audit Committee (including as Chair thereof). In making this determination, the Board considered Mr. Meline s professional qualifications, experience as a former public company chief financial officer, and the nature of and time involved in his service on other boards. 2026 Proxy statement 35 Board operations Board leadership Chair Committee chairs Other members: Stacy Brown-Philpot Bruce Broussard Mary Anne Citrino Fama Francisco Judith Jami Miscik Gianluca Pettiti Songyee Yoon David Meline Audit Richard L. Clemmer Finance, Investment and Technology Chip Bergh Stephanie A. Burns HR and Compensation Kim K.W. Rucker Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Five meetings in fiscal 2025 2025 areas of focus Corporate strategy, including mergers and acquisitions Core and growth businesses Innovation, including AI Enterprise risk management Macroeconomic, geopolitical and regulatory landscape Supply chain resiliency Cybersecurity Capital allocation, the Future Ready Transformation Plan, restructuring and long-term financial plan Talent review, succession planning, and human capital management Board refreshment Sustainable Impact and performance Board oversight of strategy One of the Board s primary responsibilities is overseeing management s establishment and execution of HP s strategy and the associated risks. The full Board oversees strategy and strategic risk through constructive engagement with management. The broad mix of highly relevant and complementary skills and experience our Directors possess helps facilitate strong oversight of HP s management and HP s strategy. At least annually, management reviews with the Board HP s overall corporate strategy and key commercial and strategic risks and the Board provides input to management. Throughout the year, the Board reviews HP s progress against its strategic plan. In addition, throughout the year, the Board reviews specific strategic initiatives and provides additional oversight. 36 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Board oversight of risk The Board, with the assistance of its committees, reviews and oversees our enterprise risk management ( ERM ) program, which is designed to enable effective and efficient identification of, and management s visibility into, critical enterprise risks. It also facilitates the incorporation of risk considerations into decision making. The ERM program was established to clearly define risk management roles and responsibilities, bring together senior management to discuss risk, promote visibility and constructive dialogue around risk at the senior management and Board levels and facilitate appropriate risk response strategies. Under the ERM program, management develops a holistic portfolio of our enterprise risks by facilitating business and function risk assessments, performing targeted risk assessments and incorporating information regarding specific categories of risk gathered from various internal HP organizations. Management then develops risk response plans for risks categorized as needing management focus and response and monitors other identified risk focus areas. Management provides regular reports on the risk portfolio and risk response efforts to senior management, and to the Board and its committees as appropriate. The Board and the committees of the Board may also receive reports from external advisors such as outside counsel and industry experts to further understand critical risk areas. The Board also considers specific risk topics in connection with this process. For example, information and technology security is a critical part of our risk management program. HP has a dedicated Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ), whose team is responsible for leading HP s global cybersecurity program, including infrastructure and technology platforms, overseeing governance, regulatory and compliance, operations, strategy, and architecture. Our cybersecurity risks are evaluated by senior leadership, including as part of our enterprise risk assessments that are reviewed by the Audit Committee and our Board of Directors, and our Internal Audit function, which is an objective, independent assurance and advisory organization that helps HP achieve business objectives and conducts regular assessments, audits, and testing of the cybersecurity program and its associated controls. The Board regularly receives updates from management regarding our information and technology security program and the CISO regularly provides reports directly to the Board or the Audit Committee on these matters. For additional information relating to our information and technology security program, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025. HP is committed to the responsible and ethical application and development of a range of emerging technologies, including AI. We deliver broad access to AI tools through our PCs and AI capabilities across our device portfolio. HP s AI Standards and Policy management committee is responsible for setting AI standards across the company. Practical AI oversight and governance at HP is a developing partnership between the data science, trust privacy, cybersecurity and innovation teams. AI that HP develops or deploys is reviewed for alignment with our AI Governance Principles through a multi-stakeholder process involving advisors from the data science, privacy, security, legal and HR teams. HP offers multiple AI training courses for all employee levels and roles which include modules on AI ethics, regulatory compliance, privacy and security, and acceptable use. We have also made certain AI training available to HP partners and customers. The Board and its applicable committees regularly receive updates from management regarding AI. The Board oversees management s implementation of the ERM program, including reviewing our enterprise risks and evaluating management s approach to addressing identified risks. The Audit Committee has general oversight and the other Board committees contribute to the oversight and management of risks, and supplement the ERM program, within their respective areas of responsibility, as follows: 2026 Proxy statement 37 Board Stays informed of risk profile and provides overall oversight and governance Considers risk in connection with strategic planning and other matters Audit Finance, investment and technology HR and compensation Nominating, governance and social responsibility Financial reporting and processes Selection and performance of independent auditor Audit and non-audit services Internal and disclosure controls and procedures Internal audit staffing and performance Cybersecurity, information and technology security, and data protection Risk assessment and management Treasury policy and operations Liquidity Capital allocation, investment, and shareholder return Mergers and acquisitions Growth and technology strategies Risk assessment and management Executive and Director compensation Executive succession planning Talent and leadership development Human capital management Risk assessment and management Culture and engagement HR policy Governance policies and practices Board composition and tenure Director succession and recruiting Public policy and government relations Sustainability and societal matters Risk assessment and management HP management HP Management advises the Board and its Committees of key risks and the status of ongoing efforts to address these risks 38 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Board oversight of environmental and societal matters The Board and its committees actively oversee HP s Sustainable Impact strategy and related risks. In many cases, committees will be the first level of oversight, although certain matters may be handled by the Board directly, or following initial review by a committee. The Board has ultimate oversight of HP s Sustainable Impact strategy, risks and opportunities. The NGSR Committee is the primary Board committee providing oversight on execution of HP s sustainability strategy and accompanying initiatives as well as key risks (shared with Audit Committee). The NGSR Committee oversees, periodically reviews, and, as appropriate, makes recommendations to the Board on the strategic priorities and investments related to sustainability and social impact. The NGSR Committee receives regular updates on HP s Sustainable Impact strategy and results. As needed, the NGSR Committee makes recommendations to the Board. Below we have included an overview of our sustainable impact strategy. Our sustainable impact strategy HP is redefining the future of work through technology creating experiences that drive growth and more fulfilling work for people globally. Our commitment is grounded in our values of integrity and trust. Beyond innovation, we focus on shaping a more sustainable future for the next generation of workers and driving business value for our customers. Our Sustainable Impact strategy focuses on empowering customer sustainability, transforming our value chain, and advancing societal impact. For more information about our Sustainable Impact work and to reach our annual Sustainable Impact Report, please see our website at https://www.hp.com/us-en/sustainable-impact.html. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement or in any other report or document we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 2026 Proxy statement 39 Our approach to human capital management HP employs approximately 55,000 employees worldwide. Together, they power HP innovation and perspectives to create breakthrough technologies and transformative solutions that we believe will drive long-term success. We strive to attract, retain and advance exceptional talent by providing engaging work experiences that help our employees thrive. To deliver on these priorities, HP senior leaders are accountable for meeting management objectives for employee engagement and leadership development. The board s role in human capital management Our Board, through the HRC Committee, oversees HP s key human capital management strategies and programs and is responsible for, among other things: reviewing employee engagement, talent, and cultural initiatives including key training and development programs, leadership succession, and results of the annual employee engagement survey; and monitoring key workforce metrics including workforce attrition and retention, headcount, key hires, and restructuring. Management regularly updates the Board and the HRC Committee on the status of such initiatives and programs. CEO and executive succession planning Management succession planning is a fundamental and ongoing part of the Board s responsibilities. Our Board conducts CEO succession planning regularly and has developed contingency plans for a variety of scenarios. The Board also believes that planning for succession below the CEO level is a key responsibility and the CEO and the Chief People Officer review with the Board the performance of senior executives and their qualifications, experience and development. The success of the current permanent CEO search is a top priority, and Bruce Broussard, who has served as a Director since 2021, has agreed to lead the Company as interim CEO through the transition period. The Board has formed a CEO Search Committee to evaluate and identify HP s next permanent CEO. The CEO Search Committee and management have worked together with an external advisor to align on a CEO profile and to develop key search criteria, focusing on the skills, expertise, experience and competencies for the Company s next permanent CEO consistent with the Board s succession planning process. The full Board is engaged and focused on this search and committed to finding the right next leader for the Company. Employee engagement We regularly collect feedback from employees to better understand and improve their workplace experiences and to identify ways to strengthen our culture. We take action to address their ideas, suggestions, and concerns collected through our employee surveys and pulse polls and continue to be certified as a Great Place to Work. Talent development We have a multi-faceted talent, learning, and skill-development strategy. We emphasize different backgrounds, experience, and perspectives in our senior talent pipeline, and invest in targeted approaches such as leadership assessments, external education opportunities, coaching, job rotations, and immersive, experiential learning to help equip our executives to lead HP, both now and in the future. We also support employees through an extensive portfolio of internal and external development programs designed to accelerate career growth and enhance technical and digital capabilities. Additionally, we prepare new people managers with development experiences designed, among other things, to build coaching skills and foster trust and belonging. In addition to skill development resources, HP also offers formal education assistance through our Degree Assistance Program which provides employees with the opportunity to participate in higher academic education. 40 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Inclusion Innovation at HP comes from the different perspectives, backgrounds, knowledge, and experiences of our employees that make up our globally connected workforce. We aim for an inclusive workforce that allows us to remain responsive to the marketplace, driving innovation to meet their evolving needs. Supported by leadership, the company s global inclusion strategy focuses on locally implemented processes, while maintaining organizational consistency with policies, practices, and services. Programs, strategic partnerships, and Business Resource Groups are key components of our strategy to attract, develop, and retain talent and provide the foundation for a positive culture of inclusion and respect. Pay equity People should be paid equitably for their work, regardless of their gender, race, or other personal characteristics. We benchmark and set pay ranges based on relevant market data and consider factors such as an employee s role and experience, the location of their job, and performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees, to help ensure our pay is fair and equitable. Since 2016, we also have reviewed employees compensation with independent third-party experts to support equitable pay practices. We have expanded our annual pay equity assessment to include additional countries, representing a majority of our global workforce. Health, safety and wellness HP is committed to the health and safety of our employees through robust training programs, clear communication of standards, and leadership engagement. Our environmental, health, and safety leadership team uses our global injury and illness reporting system to assess worldwide and regional trends as a part of quarterly reviews. We focus on reducing and effectively managing risks at HP-owned and partner-owned manufacturing facilities. The holistic wellbeing of our employees is vital to HP s success. Our global wellness program is designed to serve the needs of our evolving workforce and culture through opportunities for employees to prioritize wellness across five pillars of well-being: emotional, financial, life balance, physical health, and social and community. Throughout the year, we encourage healthy behaviors across the five pillars of wellness through regular communications, educational sessions, voluntary progress tracking, personal challenges, and other incentives. In addition, we provide specialized programs and campaigns, all with the help of HP-provided mindfulness apps, targeted mental health support, individual assessments, and expanded financial wellbeing programs. Compensation risk assessment Semler Brossy Consulting Group ( Semler Brossy ), independent compensation consultant to the HRC Committee, conducted an annual risk assessment of our fiscal 2025 executive compensation program as well as incentive and commission arrangements below the executive level. In addition, management separately reviewed the administration and controls for incentive plans below the executive level. Based on these reviews, the HRC Committee concluded that our compensation program does not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on HP, and that our program reflects a balance in design, policies, management controls, and HRC Committee oversight that is consistent with market best-practice for mitigating potential compensation-related risk. Code of conduct We maintain a code of business conduct and ethics for Directors, officers and employees known as Integrity at HP, which is available on our website at https://investor.hp.com/governance/integrity-at-hp/default.aspx. If the Board grants any waivers from Integrity at HP to any of our Directors or executive officers, or if we amend Integrity at HP, we will, if required, disclose these matters via updates to our website on a timely basis. In September and October 2025, the Board received its annual ethics training. 2026 Proxy statement 41 Stockholder engagement We believe that effective corporate governance should include regular, constructive conversations with our stockholders. The Board regularly engages with stockholders, including seeking and encouraging feedback from stockholders about our corporate governance practices. Engagement Our annual Director Stockholder outreach program Other ways we engage We conduct an annual outreach regarding our governance profile, providing an opportunity for our stockholders to engage directly with members of our Board and senior management. Quarterly earnings calls Industry presentations and conference Company-hosted events and presentations Securities analyst meeting Participants Chair of the Board Chair of the HRC Committee Chair of the NGSR Committee Other members of the Board Senior Management Investor Relations Subject Matter Experts How we engage One-on-one meetings Written and electronic communications Outreach Topics Fiscal 2025 - Governance Profile Outreach ~35% of our outstanding stock. Strategy and business performance Governance practice Executive compensation Sustainable impact Our strategic focus on strengthening the core, accelerating our growth businesses, driving digital transformation, and driving long-term value creation Board composition, oversight and governance practices Structure of executive compensation programs and focus on talent development and culture Sustainable Impact strategy and support for HP strategy and business performance 42 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Other ways HP communicates with stockholders November 2024 Q4 2024 HP Inc. Earnings Conference Call March 2025 Morgan Stanley TMT Conference May 2025 Q2 2025 HP Inc. Earnings Conference Call August 2025 Q3 2025 HP Inc. Earnings Conference Call February 2025 Q1 2025 HP Inc. Earnings Conference Call April 2025 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders June 2025 Bank of America Global Technology Conference J.P. Morgan: IT Hardware Networking CEO Spotlight Series Evercore ISI Fireside Chat September 2025 Citi s 2025 Global Technology Conference Goldman Sachs Technology Conference Communications with the board Stockholders and other interested parties can contact the Board by email at bod@hp.com or by mail at the HP Board of Directors, 1501 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. All Directors have access to this correspondence. In accordance with instructions from the Board, the Secretary to the Board reviews all correspondence, organizes the communications for review by the Board and posts communications to the full Board or to individual Directors, as appropriate. Our independent Directors have requested that certain items that are unrelated to the Board s duties, such as spam, junk mail, mass mailings, solicitations, resumes and job inquiries, not be posted. Communications that are intended specifically for the Chair of the Board, other independent Directors, or the non-employee Directors should be sent to the e-mail address or street address noted above, to the attention of the Chair of the Board. Related-person transactions policies and procedures Related-person transactions policy We have adopted a written policy for approval of transactions between us and our non-employee Directors, Director nominees, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5% of HP s stock, and their respective immediate family members where (i) the amount involved in the transaction exceeds or is expected to exceed $120,000 in a single calendar year and (ii) such related person has, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest in such transaction. The policy provides that the NGSR Committee reviews transactions subject to the policy and decides whether to approve those transactions, subject to the standing pre-approvals discussed below. In doing so, the NGSR Committee determines whether the transaction is not inconsistent with the interests of HP and its stockholders. In making that determination, the NGSR Committee considers, among other factors it deems appropriate: the extent of the related-person s interest in the transaction; whether the transaction is on terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances; the benefits of the transaction to HP; the impact or potential impact on a Director s independence in the event the related-person is a Director, an immediate family member of a Director or an entity in which a Director is a partner, 10% stockholder or executive officer; the availability of other sources for products or services comparable to those contemplated by the transaction ; and the terms of the transaction. The NGSR Committee has delegated authority to the Chair of the NGSR Committee to pre-approve transactions where the aggregate amount involved is expected to be less than $1 million. 2026 Proxy statement 43 A summary of any new transactions pre-approved by the Chair is provided to the full NGSR Committee for its review at each of the NGSR Committee s regularly scheduled meetings. The NGSR Committee has adopted standing pre-approvals under the policy for limited transactions with related-persons. Pre-approved transactions include: compensation of executive officers that is excluded from reporting under SEC rules where the HRC Committee approved (or recommended that the Board approve) such compensation; non-employee Director compensation; transactions with another company with a value that does not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of the other company s annual revenues, where the related-person has an interest only as an employee (other than executive officer), Director or beneficial holder of less than 10% of the other company s shares; contributions to a charity in an amount that does not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of the charity s annual receipts, where the related person has an interest only as an employee (other than executive officer) or non-employee Director; transactions where all stockholders receive proportional benefits; and transactions with another publicly traded company where the related person s interest arises solely from beneficial ownership of more than 5% of HP s common stock and ownership of a non-controlling interest in the other publicly traded company. A summary of new transactions covered by the standing pre-approvals relating to other companies (as described above) is provided to the NGSR Committee for its review in connection with that committee s regularly scheduled meetings. Fiscal 2025 related-person transactions We enter into commercial transactions in the ordinary course of our business with organizations for which our executive officers or non-employee Directors, or one of their respective immediate family members, serve as non-employee Directors and/or employees, as well as with entities affiliated with beneficial owners of more than 5% of HP s stock. Except as disclosed below, we do not believe that any of our executive officers, Directors, or 5% beneficial owners (or any of their respective immediate family members) had a direct or indirect material interest in such commercial transactions. In fiscal 2025, HP entered into an arms -length transaction with Greenwave Holdings Inc. ( Greenwave ), an entity in which our director, Richard L. Clemmer, holds a 30% equity interest, to adopt certain Greenwave technology for use in HP products and services over a five-year period (subject to extension). The amount involved in the transaction was approximately $2.15 million in fiscal 2025. 44 Corporate governance and Board of Directors How we are compensated Director compensation and stock ownership guidelines Non-employee Director compensation is determined annually by the independent members of the Board acting on the recommendation of the HRC Committee. In formulating its recommendation, the HRC Committee considers market data for our peer group and input from the independent compensation consultant retained by the HRC Committee. Our non-employee Director compensation program was reviewed in fiscal 2025 and the HRC Committee determined that in order to remain competitive with similar programs maintained by our peers, the annual cash retainer should be increased from $105,000 to $115,000, the annual equity retainer increased from $220,000 to $230,000, and each of the annual Committee Chair fees increased by $5,000 (as noted below), and recommended such adjustments to the Board, which the Board then approved. Mr. Lores, as an employee of the Company, did not receive separate compensation for his Board service. Following his appointment as Interim Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Broussard does not receive separate compensation for his Board service. Each non-employee Director receives an annual cash retainer for services during the period that begins on or around the date of the annual meeting, when non-employee Directors stand for election, and ends on or around the day prior to the next annual meeting (each such period, a Board Year ). For the 2025 Board Year, which began March 1, 2025, each non-employee Director was entitled to receive an annual cash retainer of $115,000. Each non-employee Director also received an annual equity retainer of $230,000 for service during the 2025 Board Year, with grants made on the date of the annual meeting. Equity grants to non-employee Directors are intended to strengthen alignment with stockholder interests and to reinforce a long-term ownership view of the Company and its value. Retention is not the focus of equity grants for non-employee Directors, which is why such equity grants are not subject to service-related vesting. The Chair receives an additional $200,000 annual cash retainer in recognition of the greater duties and commitment that the position requires. In addition to the regular annual cash and equity retainers, and the Chair retainer described above, the non-employee Directors who served as chairs of standing committees during fiscal 2025 received additional cash retainers for such service. * Each non-employee Director also receives $2,000 for each Board meeting attended in excess of a total of ten meetings per Board Year, and $2,000 for each committee meeting attended in excess of a total of ten meetings of each committee per Board Year. Annual Director compensation $115,000 Annual Cash Retainer $230,000 Annual Equity Retainer Additional cash compensation * Chair of the Board $ 200,000 Committee Chair Fees Audit Committee $ 40,000 HRC $ 30,000 NGSR $ 25,000 Other Board standing Committees $ 25,000 Non-employee Directors may elect to defer receipt of up to 100% of their annual cash retainer and 100% of their excess meeting fees and/or chair fees, as applicable. Elections are for the Board Year, which does not coincide with our November through October fiscal year. During fiscal 2025, three non-employee Directors elected to defer receipt of a portion of their annual cash retainer and/or chair fees (no excess meeting fees were paid in fiscal 2025). In addition, in lieu of the annual cash retainer, non-employee Directors may elect to receive an equivalent value of equity in fully vested restricted stock units ( RSUs ). During fiscal 2025, four non-employee Directors elected to receive equity in lieu of cash for all or a portion of their annual cash retainers. Non-employee Directors may elect to defer the settlement of the RSUs received as part of the program until either (a) the first to occur of the non-employee Director s death, disability (as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )) or such time when the non-employee Director no longer serves as a member of the Board (a separation from service as defined in Section 409A of the Code) or (b) April 1 of a given year. Non-employee Directors are reimbursed for their business expenses in connection with attending Board meetings, and they may use the Company aircraft for travel to and from Board meetings and other Company events. 2026 Proxy statement 45 Fiscal 2025 non-employee Director compensation Name Fees earned or paid in cash (1) ($) Stock awards (2) ($) All other compensation ($) Total compensation ($) Aida Alvarez 49,082 49,082 Robert R. Bennett 49,082 49,082 Chip Bergh 200,000 345,022 545,022 Bruce Broussard (3) 28,338 345,022 373,360 Stacy Brown-Philpot 111,676 230,015 341,691 Stephanie A. Burns 111,676 230,015 341,691 Mary Anne Citrino 345,022 345,022 Richard L. Clemmer 23,338 345,022 368,360 Fama Francisco 111,676 230,015 341,691 David Meline 149,947 230,015 379,962 Judith Jami Miscik 111,676 230,015 341,691 Gianluca Pettiti (4) 79,073 234,863 313,936 Kim K.W. Rucker 135,014 230,015 365,029 Songyee Yoon (4) 83,388 243,903 327,291 Enrique Lores (5) (1) The determination of Director compensation is based on the Board Year, which does not coincide with our November through October fiscal year. Cash amounts included in the table above represent the portion of the regular annual cash retainers, chair retainer and committee chair retainers earned with respect to service during fiscal 2025. No additional meeting fees were paid during fiscal 2025. The amounts included in the table also include cash earned in fiscal 2025 that a Director elected to defer under the 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, which governs a Director s deferral of his or her applicable annual cash retainer, chair retainer, committee chair retainer and/or additional meeting fees. See Additional information about fees earned or paid in cash in fiscal 2025 below. Any amounts elected to be received as RSUs in lieu of cash are reflected in the Stock Awards column. Mr. Bergh, Mr. Broussard, Ms. Citrino, and Mr. Clemmer elected to receive RSUs in lieu of cash for all or a portion of their annual cash retainers earned in fiscal 2025. Cash amounts for Ms. Alvarez and Mr. Bennett reflect the pro-rated portion of their annual retainer paid in respect of the period from March 1, 2025 through their retirement from the Board on April 14, 2025. (2) Represents the grant date fair value of stock awards granted in fiscal 2025 calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards relating to share-based payment awards, excluding the effect of estimated forfeitures. For Director stock awards, the number is calculated by multiplying the closing price of HP s stock on the date of grant by the number of shares awarded. For information on the assumptions used to calculate the value of HP s stock-based compensation, refer to Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025, as filed with the SEC on December 10, 2025. See Additional information about non-employee Director equity awards below. (3) Mr. Broussard served as a non-employee director during fiscal 2025. Following his appointment as Interim Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Broussard does not receive separate compensation for his Board service. (4) Mr. Pettiti and Ms. Yoon joined the Board effective as of February 21, 2025 and February 6, 2025, respectively. For Mr. Pettiti s and Ms. Yoon s partial first Board Year of service (the 2024 Board Year that ended in fiscal 2025), they each received an annual cash retainer that was prorated and paid in the form of cash and an annual equity retainer that was prorated and paid in the form of fully vested shares. (5) Mr. Lores served as President and CEO of HP during fiscal 2025. He did not receive separate compensation for his Board service. 46 Corporate governance and Board of Directors Additional information about fees earned or paid in cash in fiscal 2025 Name Annual cash retainers (a) ($) Committee chair and chair fees (b) ($) Additional meeting fees ($) Total ($) Aida Alvarez (c) 49,082 49,082 Robert R. Bennett (c) 49,082 49,082 Chip Bergh 200,000 200,000 Bruce Broussard 28,338 28,338 Stacy Brown-Philpot 111,676 111,676 Stephanie A. Burns 111,676 111,676 Mary Anne Citrino Richard L. Clemmer 23,338 23,338 Fama Francisco 111,676 111,676 David Meline 111,676 38,271 149,947 Judith Jami Miscik 111,676 111,676 Gianluca Pettiti (c) 79,073 79,073 Kim K.W. Rucker 111,676 23,338 135,014 Songyee Yoon (c) 83,388 83,388 (a) The Board Year does not coincide with HP s November through October fiscal year. The dollar amounts shown include annual cash retainers earned for service during fiscal 2025 (i.e., the last four months of the 2024 Board Year and the first eight months of the 2025 Board Year). This also includes cash earned during fiscal 2025, receipt of which was deferred by Director election under the 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. Directors may not receive their deferred annual cash retainer earlier than January 2028 In the case of a termination of service, Directors will receive the deferred retainer (or in the case of installment payments, the first installment of the deferred retainer) during the earlier of the January following termination of service or the specified distribution year either in the form of a lump sum payment or installment payments as elected in advance by the Director. 