=== HPQ_2025-12-10.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of Part I of this report and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in HP s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). HP s Fiscal 2023 Plan included HP's efforts to take advantage of future growth opportunities, including but not limited to, investments to drive growth, investments in our people, improving product mix, driving structural cost savings and other productivity measures. HP s Fiscal 2026 Plan includes HP s efforts to drive customer satisfaction, product innovation and productivity through artificial intelligence adoption and enablement, and cost savings associated with the Fiscal 2026 Plan represent gross reductions in costs from these measures. Structural cost savings represent gross reductions in costs driven by operational efficiency, digital transformation, and portfolio optimization. These initiatives include but are not limited to workforce reductions, platform simplification, programs consolidation and productivity measures undertaken by HP, which HP expects to be sustainable in the longer-term. These structural cost savings are net of any new recurring costs resulting from these initiatives and exclude one-time investments to generate such savings. HP s expectations on the longer-term sustainability of such structural cost savings are based on its current business operations and market dynamics and could be significantly impacted by various factors, including but not limited to HP s evolving business models, future investment decisions, market environment and technology landscape. Forward-looking and other statements in this report may also address our corporate sustainability or responsibility progress, plans, and goals (including environmental matters), and the inclusion of such statements is not an indication that these contents are necessarily material to HP, investors or other stakeholders or required to be disclosed in HP s filings, in each case, under U.S. securities or any other laws or requirements that may be applicable to HP. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. The forward-looking statements in this report are made as of the date of this filing and HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. 4 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. Business. Overview HP is a global technology leader and creator of solutions that enable people to bring their ideas to life and connect to the things that matter most. Operating in more than 170 countries, HP delivers innovative and sustainable devices, services and subscriptions for personal computing, printing, 3D printing, hybrid work, gaming and other related technologies. We believe artificial intelligence ( AI ) is playing a critical role in the transformation of how people live and work, and customers are beginning to recognize the benefits in security, speed and cost. Our high-performing product portfolio includes HP s new line of AI PCs and workstations built with the computing power to enable local AI processing for enhanced performance and features as well as intelligent print features incorporated into our home, office and graphics solutions. Our broad range of security capabilities are designed to protect an increasingly distributed user base through security enhanced PCs and printers, hardware-enforced endpoint security software (for both HP and non-HP PCs), and endpoint security services. Our security solutions provide layered resiliency using enhanced features such as containment and isolation technology as well as the use of AI deep-learning to identify and remove malware threats. We have three reportable segments: Personal Systems, Printing and Corporate Investments. Personal Systems Personal Systems offers desktops, notebooks, and workstations (including HP s portfolio of AI PCs and workstations), thin clients, retail point-of-sale ( POS ) systems, displays, hybrid systems, software, solutions including endpoint security and services. We provide lifecycle services including support and deployment, configurations, and extended warranty services. We support a multi-operating system and multi-architecture strategy, primarily using Microsoft Windows and Google Chrome operating systems. Our platforms incorporate processors from Intel, and AMD, including integrated AI acceleration, as well as NVIDIA GPUs for advanced graphics and compute workloads. Personal Systems groups its global business capabilities into the following business units when reporting business performance: Commercial PS consists of endpoint computing devices and hybrid systems, for use by enterprise, public sector (which includes education), and small- and medium-sized business ( SMB ) customers. These devices include our Pro and Elite commercial PC portfolio, our Z line of workstations, thin clients, retail POS systems, and HP s Dragonfly and Chromebook PCs. HP offers a range of secure services and solutions to commercial customers to help them manage the lifecycle of their PCs and mobility installed base. Consumer PS consists of devices, accessories and services which are designed for consumer usage, focusing on gaming, learning and working remotely, consuming multi-media for entertainment, managing personal life activities, sharing information and staying connected, informed, and secure. These devices include our new Omni consumer PC portfolio, the Omen and Victus gaming lines, and HP s Spectre, Envy, Pavilion and Chromebook PCs. Printing Printing provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, services and solutions. Printing is also focused on Graphics and 3D Printing and Personalization in the commercial and industrial markets. Our global business capabilities within Printing are described below: Office Printing Solutions delivers HP s security enhanced office printers, supplies, services, and solutions to SMBs, public sector and large enterprises. It also includes Original Equipment Manufacturer ( OEM ) hardware and solutions. Home Printing Solution s delivers innovative and security enhanced printing products, supplies, services and solutions for the home, home business and micro business customers. Graphics Solutions delivers large-format, commercial and industrial solutions and supplies to print service providers and packaging converters through a wide portfolio of printers and presses. 3D Printing Personalization offers a portfolio of additive manufacturing solutions and supplies to help customers succeed in their additive and digital manufacturing journey. HP offers complete solutions in collaboration with an ecosystem of partners. Printing groups its global business capabilities into the following business units when reporting business performance: Commercial Printing consists of office printing solutions, graphics solutions and 3D printing and personalization, excluding supplies; Consumer Printing consists of home printing solutions, excluding supplies; and 5 Table of Contents Supplies comprises a set of highly innovative consumable products, ranging from ink and laser cartridges to media, industrial graphics supplies and 3D printing and personalization supplies, for recurring use in consumer and commercial hardware. Corporate Investments Corporate Investments includes certain business incubation projects and investments in digital enablement. Competition We encounter strong competition in all areas of our business activity. We compete on the basis of technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use of our products, account relationships, customer training, service, support and solutions including subscription-based offerings and financing, security, availability of application software, and our sustainable impact. The markets for each of our key business segments are characterized by strong competition among major corporations with long-established positions and a large number of new and rapidly growing firms. Most product life cycles are short, and to remain competitive we must develop new products and services, periodically enhance our existing products and services and compete effectively based on the factors listed above. In addition, we compete with many of our current and potential partners, including OEMs that design, manufacture and often market their products under their own brand names. Our successful management of these competitive partner relationships will be critical to our future success. Moreover, we anticipate that we will have to continue to adjust prices on many of our products and services to stay competitive. The competitive environment in which each key segment operates is described below: Personal Systems. The markets in which Personal Systems operates are highly competitive and are characterized by price competition and introduction of new products and solutions. Our primary competitors are Acer Inc., Apple Inc., ASUSTeK Computer Inc., Dell Inc., Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., Lenovo Group Limited, Logitech International S.A., Microsoft Corporation, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., and Toshiba Corporation. In certain geographies, we also experience competition from local companies and from generically-branded or white box manufacturers. Our competitive advantages include our broad product portfolio, our innovation, and research and development capabilities including security features, our innovative design work, our brand and procurement leverage, our ability to cross-sell our portfolio of offerings, our extensive service and support offerings, the accessibility of our products and the execution of our broad-based distribution strategy from retail and commercial channels to direct sales. Printing . The markets for printer hardware and associated supplies are highly competitive. Printing s key customer segments each face competitive market pressures in pricing and the introduction of new products. Our primary competitors include Brother Industries, Ltd., Canon Inc., Pantum International Limited, Seiko Epson Corporation, The Ricoh Company Ltd., and Xerox Corporation Ltd. In addition, independent suppliers offer non-original supplies (including imitation, refill and remanufactured alternatives), which are often available for lower prices, but which can also offer lower print quality and reliability compared to HP original inkjet and toner supplies. These and other competing products are often sold alongside our products through online or omnichannel resellers, retailers or distributors, or such resellers, retailers and distributors may highlight the availability of lower cost non-original supplies. Our competitive advantages include our comprehensive high-quality solutions for the home, office and publishing environments, our innovation, and research and development capabilities including security features, sustainability, our brand, and the accessibility of our products through a broad-based distribution strategy from retail and commercial channels to direct sales. Sales, Marketing and Distribution We manage our business and report our financial results based on the business segments described above. Our customers are organized by consumer and commercial groups, and sales of HP products, solutions and services may be fulfilled directly by HP or indirectly through a variety of partners, utilizing their own physical or internet stores or an omnichannel combination of the two, including: retailers that sell our products to the public focusing on consumers and SMBs; resellers that sell our products and services, frequently with their own value-added products or services, to targeted customer groups; distribution partners that supply our products and solutions to resellers and retailers in certain geographies; and system integrators and other business intermediaries that provide various levels of services, including systems integration work and as-a-service solutions, and typically partner with us on client solutions that require our products and services. 6 Table of Contents The majority of our overall revenue is made through channel resellers, however, the mix of our revenue generation conducted by direct sales or channel sales differs by business and geographic market. We believe that customer buying patterns and different geographic market conditions require us to tailor our sales, marketing and distribution efforts to the geographic market and sub-geographic specificities for each of our businesses. We are focused on driving the depth and breadth of our market coverage while identifying efficiencies and productivity gains in both our direct and indirect routes to market. Our businesses collaborate to accomplish strategic and process alignment where appropriate. For example, we typically assign an account manager to manage relationships across our business with large enterprise customers. The account manager is supported by a team of specialists with product and services expertise and drives both direct and indirect sales to their assigned customers. For other customers and for consumers, we typically manage both direct online sales as well as channel relationships, whereby retailers mainly target consumers and SMBs and commercial resellers mainly target SMBs, mid-market accounts, public sector and large enterprises. Manufacturing and Materials We utilize outsourced manufacturers around the world to manufacture HP-designed products to generate cost efficiencies, reduce time to market, and maintain flexibility in our supply chain and manufacturing processes. We also manufacture finished products from components and sub-assemblies that we acquire from a wide range of vendors. We utilize two primary methods of fulfilling demand for products: building products to order and configuring products to order. Building products to order maximizes manufacturing and logistics efficiencies by producing high volumes of basic product configurations. Alternatively, configuring products to order enables products to match a customer s hardware and software customization requirements. Additionally, while most of our products have existing or readily available alternative sources of supply, in some cases, where multiple sources of supply are not available, our components are obtained from a single source or limited number of sources if we believe it is advantageous to do so based on technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. Research and Development Innovation across products, services, business models and processes is a key element of our culture and success. We are focused on developing products, services and solutions that anticipate customers changing needs and desires, and emerging technological trends, including accelerating the delivery of AI throughout our product portfolio. We continue to invest in innovation in both the areas where we believe we can make a unique contribution and where strategic partnerships will leverage our cost structure and maximize our customers experiences. Intellectual Property We seek patent protection for inventions likely to be incorporated into our products and services or where obtaining such proprietary rights will maintain or improve our competitive position. As of October 31, 2025, our worldwide patent portfolio included over 16,000 patents which expire at various dates, generally 20 years from their original filing dates. We believe that our patents and patent applications are important for maintaining the competitive differentiation of our products and services, enhancing our freedom of action to sell our products and services in markets in which we choose to participate, and maximizing our return on research and development investments. No single patent is essential to HP as a whole or to any of HP s business segments. In addition to developing our patent portfolio, we license intellectual property ( IP ) from third parties. We have also granted and continue to grant to others licenses, and other rights, under our patents when we consider these arrangements to be in our interest. These license arrangements include a number of cross-licenses with third parties. 7 Table of Contents Seasonality We experience some seasonal trends in the sale of our products and services. For example, European sales are often weaker in the summer months and consumer sales are often stronger in the fourth calendar quarter. Demand during the spring and early summer months also may be adversely impacted by market anticipation of seasonal trends. Historical seasonal patterns may be impacted by supply constraints, shifts in customer behavior and the evolving impacts of macroeconomic challenges. Sustainable Impact Activities At HP, we believe how we do things is just as important as what we do. Our Sustainable Impact strategy focuses on empowering customers, enhancing our value chain, and advancing societal impact. For more information on our sustainability strategy and performance, see our annual Sustainable Impact Report, available on our website (which is not incorporated by reference herein). Environment Our operations are subject to regulation under various federal, state, local and foreign laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We proactively evaluate and at times replace materials in our products and supply chain, taking into account, among other things, published lists of substances of concern, new and upcoming legal requirements, customer preferences and scientific analysis that indicates a potential impact to human health or the environment. We are committed to complying with all environmental laws applicable to our operations, products and services and to reducing our environmental impact across all aspects of our business. This commitment is reflected and outlined in our Sustainable Impact goals, our comprehensive environmental, health and safety policy, strict environmental management of our operations and worldwide environmental programs and services. Human Capital HP employs approximately 55,000 employees worldwide. Together, they power HP s innovation and perspectives to create breakthrough technologies and transformative solutions that we believe will drive our long-term success. We strive to attract, retain and advance exceptional talent by providing engaging work experiences that help our employees thrive. To deliver on these priorities, HP senior leaders are accountable for meeting management objectives for employee engagement and leadership development. Employee Engagement We regularly collect feedback from employees to better understand and improve their workplace experiences and to identify ways to strengthen our culture. We take action to address their ideas, suggestions, and concerns collected through our employee surveys and pulse polls and continue to be certified as a Great Place to Work. Talent Development We have a multi-faceted talent, learning, and skill-development strategy. We emphasize different backgrounds, experience, and perspectives in our senior talent pipeline and invest in targeted approaches such as leadership assessments, external education opportunities, coaching, job rotations, and immersive, experiential learning to ensure our executives are equipped to lead HP, both now and in the future. We also support employees through an extensive portfolio of internal and external development programs designed to accelerate career growth and enhance technical and digital capabilities. Additionally, we prepare new people managers with development experiences designed, among other things, to build coaching skills and foster trust and belonging. In addition to skill development resources, HP also offers formal education assistance through our Degree Assistance Program which provides employees with the opportunity to participate in higher academic education. Inclusion Innovation at HP comes from the different perspectives, backgrounds, knowledge, and experiences of our employees that make up our globally connected workforce. We aim for an inclusive workforce that allows us to remain responsive to the marketplace, driving innovation to meet their evolving needs. Supported by leadership, the company s global inclusion strategy focuses on locally implemented processes, while maintaining organizational consistency with policies, practices, and services. Programs, strategic partnerships, and Business Resource Groups are key components of our strategy to attract, develop, and retain talent and provide the foundation for a positive culture of inclusion and respect. Pay Equity People should be paid equitably for their work, regardless of their gender, race, or other personal characteristics. We benchmark and set pay ranges based on market data and consider factors such as an employee s role and experience, the location of their job, and 8 Table of Contents performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees, to help ensure our pay is fair and equitable. Since 2016, we also have reviewed employees compensation with independent third-party experts to support equitable pay practices. We have expanded our annual pay equity assessment to include additional countries representing a majority of our global workforce. Health, Safety, and Wellness HP is committed to the health and safety of our employees through robust training programs, clear communication of standards, and leadership engagement. Our environmental, health, and safety leadership team uses our global injury and illness reporting system to assess worldwide and regional trends as a part of quarterly reviews. We focus on reducing and effectively managing risks at HP-owned and partner-owned manufacturing facilities. The holistic wellbeing of our employees is vital to HP s success. Our global wellness program is designed to serve the needs of our evolving workforce and culture through opportunities for employees to prioritize wellness across five pillars of well-being: emotional, financial, life balance, physical health, and social and community. Throughout the year, we encourage healthy behaviors across the five pillars of wellness through regular communications, educational sessions, voluntary progress tracking, personal challenges, and other incentives. In addition, we provide specialized programs and campaigns, all with the help of HP-provided mindfulness apps, targeted mental health support, individual assessments, and expanded financial wellbeing programs. Information about our Executive Officers The following are our current executive officers: Manpreet S. Grewal; age 46; Chief Accounting Officer and Global Controller Mr. Grewal has served as Chief Accounting Officer and Global Controller since July 2025. Previously, he served as Vice President, Controller Chief Accounting Officer at United States Steel Corporation, a provider of steel products and solutions to various industries, since March 2020. Prior to U.S. Steel, Mr. Grewal served as Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer at Covanta, a renewable energy and waste management company, from 2017 to March 2020. Julie Jacobs; age 59; Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel Ms. Jacobs has served as Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel since October 2022. Previously, Ms. Jacobs served as Senior Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Yahoo, a leading internet, media, and technology company, from September 2021 to October 2022. Prior to Yahoo, Ms. Jacobs served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Verizon Media, a global media and technology company, from June 2017 to September 2021. Prior to Verizon Media, Ms. Jacobs spent over 16 years in various senior legal roles at AOL, a global internet, media and technology company, including serving as AOL s Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary from May 2010 to June 2017. Enrique Lores; age 60; President and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Lores has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since November 2019. Throughout his over 30-year tenure with the company, Mr. Lores held leadership positions across the organization, serving as President, Printing, Solutions and Services from November 2015 to November 2019, and prior to that role, leading the Separation Management Office for HP Inc. Previously, Mr. Lores was the Senior Vice President and General Manager for Business Personal Systems. Before his Business Personal Systems role, Mr. Lores was Senior Vice President of Customer Support and Services. David McQuarrie; age 50; Chief Commercial Officer Mr. McQuarrie has served as Chief Commercial Officer since November 2022. Previously, Mr. McQuarrie served as Senior Vice President General Manager, Personal Systems Category, from November 2021 to November 2022, Global Head of Customer Support from November 2019 to November 2021, and Global Head of Print Business Management from January 2017 to October 2019. Prior to joining HP, Mr. McQuarrie served in various sales leadership positions at global personal computer and technology companies Lenovo (2008 to 2016) and Dell (1998 to 2007). Anneliese Olson; age 54; President, Imaging, Printing Solutions Ms. Olson has served as President of Imaging, Printing and Solutions since November 2024 and has over 28 years of experience at the Company. Previously, she served as Senior Vice President Managing Director, North America Market since September 2023, and prior to that as Senior Vice President Chief Operating Officer, Worldwide Print from November 2019 to April 2022. 9 Table of Contents Karen L. Parkhill; age 60; Chief Financial Officer Ms. Parkhill has served as Chief Financial Officer since August 2024. Previously, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Medtronic plc, a healthcare technology company, a position she held since June 2016. Prior to Medtronic, Ms. Parkhill served as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Comerica Incorporated, a financial services company, from 2011 to 2016. Ms. Parkhill was a member of Comerica s Management Executive Committee and the Comerica Bank Board of Directors. Prior to joining Comerica, Ms. Parkhill worked for J.P. Morgan Chase Co., a financial services company, in various capacities from 1992 to 2011, including serving as Chief Financial Officer of the Commercial Banking business from 2007 to 2011. Ketan Patel; age 51; President, Personal Systems Mr. Patel has served as President, Personal Systems since November 2025 and has over 20 years of experience at the Company. Most recently, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Global Personal Systems, since November 2022 and prior to that, as SVP and Managing Director of HP s India Market since August 2020, as well as numerous other leadership positions in the Personal Systems business. Available Information Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our website at http://investor.hp.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after HP electronically files such reports with, or furnishes those reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. HP s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board of Directors committee charters (including the charters of the Audit Committee, Finance, Investment and Technology Committee, HR and Compensation Committee, and Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee) and code of ethics entitled Integrity at HP (none of which are incorporated by reference herein) are also available at that same location on our website. If the Board grants any waivers from Integrity at HP to any of our directors or executive officers, or if we amend Integrity at HP, we will, if required, disclose these matters via updates to our website at http://investor.hp.com on a timely basis. We encourage investors to visit our website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. Stockholders may request free copies of these documents from: HP Inc. Attention: Investor Relations 1501 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304 http://investor.hp.com/resources/information-request/default.aspx Additional Information Microsoft and Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Intel is a trademark of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. AMD is a trademark of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Google and Google Chrome are trademarks of Google LLC. NVIDIA is a trademark of NVIDIA Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 10 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important for understanding any statement in this Form 10-K or elsewhere. The following information should be particularly read in conjunction with Part I, Item I, Business and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The risks we describe in this Form 10-K or in our other SEC filings or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could, in ways we may not be able to accurately predict, recognize or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and they could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. STRATEGIC AND OPERATIONAL RISKS If we cannot successfully execute our strategy and continue to develop, manufacture and market innovative products, services and solutions, our business and financial performance may suffer. To execute our strategy, we must, among other things, optimize our cost structure, make long-term investments, develop or acquire and appropriately protect intellectual property, commit significant research and development and other resources, evolve our go-to-market strategy and business model to meet changing market dynamics, forces and demand. In addition, we need to innovate, develop and execute on evolutionary strategies in a rapidly changing and increasingly hybrid environment, seize on disruptive opportunities and effectively respond to secular trends and shifts in customer preferences. Our financial performance will depend in part on our ability to remain competitive in offerings geared towards new or emerging market trends, such as artificial intelligence, hybrid consumption and digital employee experience. For example, in fiscal year 2025 we experienced challenges from changing customer behaviors and we believe we and others in our industry face continuing secular challenges related to, among other things, decreased demand for printing products and solutions as a result of increased digitization, hybrid work, increasing competition from generic alternatives and customer preferences shifting from traditional disposable ink cartridge printers to refillable big tank printers. We also seek to ensure our existing offerings in this space, such as managed services and print software, remain sufficiently differentiated and profitable. Our efforts to mitigate the impact of these challenges, such as by seeking to increase our margin and market share, particularly in big tank printers, and drive demand in software and subscription services or other recurring-revenue based business models, offering higher profitability, may not be successful. While our big tank printers typically have a higher initial margin than our traditional in cartridge printers, they do not result in follow-on sales of high margin traditional ink cartridges and, as a result, may have lower overall device lifetime profitability. Also, shifting to recurring-revenue based business may require us to forego upfront revenue and invest in platforms and systems that enable subscription sales. In addition, we may be unable to successfully execute our strategy, sufficiently invest in, prioritize research and development, market and scale, or accurately project the financial performance of our key growth areas, other strategic growth initiatives and existing offerings, accurately predict technological or business trends or control costs. Moreover, the process of developing new high-technology products, services and solutions and enhancing existing products, services and solutions, including through the introduction of AI capabilities, is complex, costly and uncertain, and we may be unable to anticipate or respond to customers changing needs, accurately identify emerging technological trends or accurately project the demand, pricing, or other market dynamics of such trends. Our ability to successfully offer our products, services and solutions in this rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively calibrate and adjust our business and business models in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions. This effort includes execution of effective go-to-market plans, which may require us to evolve our talent and capabilities, incentive plans (especially for evolution to recurring revenue business), and coverage models. In addition, we may be unable to appropriately prioritize and balance our initiatives or effectively manage change throughout our organization. Our industry is subject to rapid and substantial innovation, technological change and customer preferences. Even if we successfully develop new products, future products, solutions and technologies, including those created by our competitors, may eventually supplant ours if we are unable to keep pace with technological advances and end-user requirements and preferences and timely enhancement of our existing products and technologies or develop new ones. As a result, we could lose market share and certain of our products, solutions and technologies may be rendered uneconomical or obsolete. After we develop a product, we must be able to quickly manufacture appropriate volumes while also managing costs and preserving or improving margins. To accomplish this, we must accurately forecast volumes, mixes of products and configurations that meet customer and legal requirements, and we may not succeed in doing so within a given product s lifecycle or at all. Any delay in the development, production or marketing of a new product, service or solution could result in us not being among the first to market, which could further harm our competitive position. Moreover, new products and services may replace or supersede existing offerings and may not be profitable. Even if they are profitable, the operating margins may not be as high as the historical or anticipated margins. 11 Table of Contents We expect the proliferation of AI to have a significant impact on our industry and the markets in which we compete, and the development and use of AI presents competitive, reputational, and liability risks. We believe the proliferation of AI, especially as it relates to our product and solutions offerings, will continue to have a significant impact on customer preferences and market dynamics in our industry, and our ability to effectively compete in this space will be critical to our financial performance. We also believe that the effective use of AI in our internal operations is important to our long-term success. We are working to incorporate AI capabilities into our consumer and commercial products and solutions, as well as across the company in our own internal operations, and our research into and continued development of such technologies remain ongoing. As with many innovations, AI presents risks, challenges, and unintended consequences that could affect its rate and success of adoption, and therefore our business, and there is no guarantee that our use of AI or incorporation of AI capabilities into our products and solutions will benefit our business operations or result in products and solutions that are preferred by our customers. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant resources to build and support our AI products. If our AI products fail to operate as anticipated or as well as competing products or otherwise do not meet customer needs or if we are unable to bring AI-enabled products and solutions to market as effectively, or with the same speed or in the same volumes, as our competitors, we may fail to recoup our investments in AI or improve our financial performance, our competitive position may be harmed, and our business and reputation may be adversely impacted. For example, the accelerated rate of innovation of components from our suppliers may result in higher defects or failure of our offerings to perform, which could cause us to incur increased warranty costs, inventory provisions or impairments and could impact future sales. Moreover, our actions to drive demand to AI products may result in cannibalization of demand for our traditional, non-AI products, which may result in lower net revenues and/or profit margins. In addition, AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information. AI models deployed by us or our partners may lead to unexpected or unintended outcomes that could erode trust in our AI products and solutions and potentially cause harm to individuals or society. These deficiencies and other failures of AI systems, or the use of AI systems, could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, including under new proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the U.S. and European Union, new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws, and brand or reputational harm. Additionally, our obligations to comply with the evolving legal and regulatory landscape could entail significant costs or limit our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our products and solutions. Proliferating export controls, including controls on certain rare earth elements, designed to limit the diffusion of advanced technology, can impact speed on AI innovation and capabilities by controlling hardware capable of supporting advanced AI technology. Some AI capabilities also present ethical issues, and we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. If we enable or offer AI products or solutions or implement AI capabilities in our internal operations that are controversial because of their impact on human rights, the environment, competition, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm or greater employee attrition . We are heavily dependent on third-party suppliers and supply chain issues have adversely affected, and could adversely affect in the future, our financial results. We have at times operated in a supply-constrained environment and have faced, and may face in the future, component shortages, logistics challenges and manufacturing disruptions that impact our revenues, profitability and cash flows. We are heavily dependent on third-party suppliers and their ability to deliver sufficient key components, products and services at reasonable prices and in time for us to meet schedules for the delivery of our products and services. In addition, our operations depend on our ability to anticipate and our suppliers ability to fulfill, our needs for sufficient key components, products and services (including sourcing matched sets). Given the wide variety of products and services we offer, the large and diverse distribution of our suppliers and contract manufacturers, and the long lead times required to manufacture, assemble and deliver certain components and products, problems have and could continue to arise in production, planning and inventory management. Third-party suppliers may have limited financial resources to withstand challenging business conditions, particularly as a result of increased interest rates, emerging market volatility or changes in global trade policies, or global pandemics or other public health crises, and our business could be negatively impacted if key suppliers are forced to cease or limit their operations. Changes or additions to our supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties. We also have experienced, and may experience in the future, gross margin declines in certain businesses, reflecting the effect of competitive pricing pressures and increases in component and manufacturing costs, resulting from market dynamics, especially increasing memory and storage costs and potential supply chain constraints in our Personal Systems business, and higher labor and material costs borne by our manufacturers and suppliers that we are unable to pass on to our customers. Our business may be disrupted if we are unable to obtain equipment, parts or components from our suppliers and our suppliers from their suppliers due to the insolvency of key suppliers or the inability of key suppliers to obtain credit, or if any of our distributors lack sufficient financial resources to withstand economic weakness. In addition, our ongoing efforts to optimize the efficiency of our supply chain for cost or redundancy could cause supply disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming and resource-intensive than expected. Furthermore, certain of our suppliers and OMs may decide to discontinue business with us or limit the allocation of products to us, which could result in our inability to fill our supply needs, jeopardizing our ability to fulfill our contractual obligations, which could in turn, result in a decrease in sales, profitability and cash flows, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. 12 Table of Contents In addition, our business is subject to the following specific supply chain related risks: Component shortages. We have at times experienced and may in the future experience a shortage of, or a delay in receiving, certain components as a result of strong demand, capacity constraints, supplier financial weaknesses, disputes with suppliers (some of whom are also our customers), disruptions in the operations of component suppliers, supplier ability to demonstrate regulatory compliance, regulatory or other trade restrictions on specific components in certain markets, other problems experienced by suppliers or problems we face during the transition to new suppliers. For example, a market shortage of integrated circuits and panels and other component supply has at times affected, and may affect in the future, lead times, the cost of that supply, and our ability to meet customer demand for our products. Additionally, our Personal Systems business relies heavily upon OMs to manufacture our products and we are therefore dependent upon the continuing operations of those OMs. We represent a substantial portion of the business for certain OMs, and changes to the nature or volume of our business transactions with a particular OM could adversely affect the OM and lead to shortages or delays in receiving component products from that OM. Increased demand for particular components due to industry trends, including components required for the operation of AI, may lead to shortages, delays, and price increases. Our anticipation of these and other supply chain dynamics may result in us purchasing components in greater volumes and on earlier schedules in order to secure an adequate supply, which could adversely affect our working capital and cash flow. If shortages or delays in component products occur, the price of certain components may increase, we may be exposed to quality issues, we may be required to change suppliers or the components may not be available at all. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build products or provide services in a timely manner in the quantities needed or according to our specifications. Accordingly, we may lose time-sensitive sales, incur additional freight costs or be unable to pass on price increases to our customers due to such component shortages or delays. If we cannot adequately address a component supply issue, we may have to re-engineer some product or service offerings, which could result in further costs and delays. Sourcing inventory planning. In order to secure components for our products or services, we have and may continue to make advance payments to suppliers or enter into non-cancelable commitments with vendors. In addition, we have and may continue to strategically purchase components in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing or to address concerns about future availability, which could adversely affect our working capital and cash flow. If we fail to anticipate customer demand, an oversupply could result in excess or obsolete components. Contractual terms. As a result of binding long-term price or purchase commitments with vendors, we may be obligated to purchase components or services at prices that are higher than those available in the current market and may be limited in our ability to respond to changing market conditions. If we commit to purchasing components or services for prices in excess of the then-current market price, we may be at a disadvantage to competitors who have access to components or services at lower prices, our gross margin could suffer, and we could incur additional charges relating to inventory obsolescence. In addition, many of our competitors obtain products or components from the same OMs and suppliers that we utilize. Our competitors may obtain better pricing, more favorable contractual terms and conditions, or more favorable allocations of products and components, and our ability to engage in relationships with certain OMs and suppliers could be limited. The practice employed by our Personal Systems business of purchasing product components and transferring those components to OMs may create large supplier receivables with the OMs that, depending on the financial condition of the OMs, may create collectability risks. In addition, to secure components, we may accept contractual terms and conditions that are less favorable to us. Contingent workers. We also rely on third-party suppliers for the provision of contingent workers, and our failure to effectively manage this workforce could adversely affect our financial results. Our ability to manage the costs associated with engaging a contingent workforce may be impacted by evolving local labor laws. Working conditions, human rights and materials sourcing . Our brand perception, customer loyalty and legal compliance could be adversely impacted by a supplier s improper practices or failure to comply with our requirements for responsible practices and sourcing, including sub-tier sourcing. Single-source suppliers. We obtain a significant number of components from a single source due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. For example, we rely on Canon for certain laser printer engines and laser toner cartridges and certain key suppliers for application specific integrated circuits ( ASICs ). We also rely on Intel, AMD, and NVIDIA, or other suppliers to provide us with a sufficient supply of processors for the majority of our PCs and workstations. Some of those processors may be customized for our products. New products that we introduce may utilize custom components obtained initially from only one source until we have determined whether there is a need for additional suppliers. Replacing a single-source supplier could delay production of some products as replacement suppliers may be subject to capacity constraints or other output limitations. For some components, alternative sources may not exist or may be unable to produce the quantities of those components necessary to satisfy our production requirements. In certain circumstances, we purchase components from single-source suppliers under short-term agreements that contain favorable pricing and other terms, but that may be unilaterally modified or terminated by the supplier with limited notice and with little or no penalty. The performance of single-source suppliers under those agreements (and the renewal or extension of those agreements upon similar terms) may affect the quality, quantity and price of our components. The loss of, deterioration of our relationship 13 Table of Contents with, or limits in allocation by, a single-source supplier, or any unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which we are supplied components by a single-source supplier could adversely affect our business and financial performance. An adverse litigation outcome, including an injunction in an IP litigation, against a single-source supplier, could also significantly impact our ability to make and sell products utilizing that supplier s components. Geographic concentration . Our manufacturing facilities and suppliers have historically been, and continue to be, geographically concentrated in certain regions, which could exacerbate the risks noted above. While we are undertaking initiatives to diversify our manufacturing and supply chain footprint, such initiatives require significant investment and time and have been and can continue to be subject to regulatory, continuity, operational, geopolitical and other hurdles, and there can be no assurance that these initiatives will be successful. International trade restrictions . Restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data have and may continue to, materially adversely affect our supply chain. The impact has been particularly significant for the restrictive measures that apply to countries and regions where we have significant supply chain operations. Restrictive measures have and may continue to increase the cost of our products and the components and raw materials that go into them, and can require us to take various actions, including changing suppliers, restructuring business relationships and operations, and ceasing to offer and distribute affected products and services. Changing our business model and supply chain to comply with and seek to offset the impact of new or revised trade restrictions has been, and may continue to be, expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our business, and may not be successful in offsetting or mitigating these impacts. The impact of changes we make in this regard will not be immediate, and, even if successful, we expect it will take time for any offsetting impacts to take full effect. Moreover, such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, which can create additional uncertainty. Our business and financial performance could suffer if we do not manage the risks associated with our services businesses properly. The success of our services business (such as our managed print and device services, lifecycle services, digital services, consumer subscriptions and other services and solutions for both Printing and Personal Systems) depends to a significant degree on attracting, retaining, and maintaining or increasing the level of revenues from our customers. Our standard services agreements are generally renewable at a customer s option and/or subject to early termination rights. We may not be able to retain or renew services contracts with our customers, or our customers may reduce the scope of the services for which they contract. Factors that may influence contract termination, non-renewal or reduction include business downturns, dissatisfaction with our services or products, our retirement or lack of support for our services, our customers selecting alternative technologies, the cost of our services as compared to our competitors, general market conditions, a lower than investment grade credit rating or other reasons. We may not be able to replace the revenue and earnings from lost customers or reductions in services. While our services agreements may include penalties for early termination, these penalties may not fully cover our investments in these businesses. Our customers could also delay or terminate implementations or use of our services or choose not to invest in additional services from us in the future. In addition, the pricing and other terms of certain services agreements require us to make estimates and assumptions at the time we enter into these contracts that could differ from actual results. Any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in connection with the performance of these contracts, such as increased costs resulting from new or increased tariffs or other trade restrictions, which may increase as services become more customized, have in the past made, and could in the future make, these agreements less profitable or unprofitable. Certain service-oriented business models, such as the device as a service model under which customers are provided with a hardware device for a periodic fee within a managed solution that provides professional services, software, support, monitoring and other services, may not generate net new sales for customers who previously purchased our hardware transactionally. The device as a service model also requires the participation of a third-party financing provider, and we may face challenges in finding such providers who are willing to provide financing on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, from time to time we offer new services for which customer demand and adoption rates are difficult to predict, and we may not be able to scale these services as we expect. As a result, we may not generate the revenues, profits or cash flows we may have anticipated from our services business within the expected timelines, if at all. We operate in an intensely competitive industry and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance. We encounter aggressive competition in all areas of our business, and our competitors have targeted and are expected to continue targeting our key market segments. We compete on the basis of our technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use, account relationships, customer training, service and support, security, availability of application software and internet infrastructure offerings, and our sustainability performance. We have faced, and may continue to face, declines in market share for our products. If our products, services, support and cost structure do not enable us to compete successfully, our results of operations, cash flows and business prospects could be affected. We have a large portfolio of products and must allocate our financial, personnel and other resources across our products while competing with companies that have smaller portfolios or specialize in one or more of our product lines. Because of the size and scope of our portfolio, we may invest a greater percentage of our revenues, including on research and development, than some of our competitors. As a result, we may invest less in certain areas of our business than our competitors, and our competitors may have 14 Table of Contents greater financial, technical and marketing resources available for their products and services, compared to the resources allocated to our competing products and services, or greater economies of scale, which could in turn result in our loss of market share. Our actions to mitigate the impact of these dynamics, such as reducing the size of our product portfolio, may not be successful. In addition, if we cannot proportionately decrease our cost structure on a timely basis in response to competitive pricing pressures, our gross margin, profitability and cash flows could be adversely affected. Our alliance partners in certain areas may be or may become our competitors in others. In addition, these partners also may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, which could reduce their business with us. We have faced and expect to continue to face aggressive price competition and have lowered and may in the future need to lower the prices of many of our products and services to stay competitive, while at the same time trying to maintain or improve our market share, revenue and gross margin. Competitors who have a greater presence in some of the lower-cost markets in which we compete, or who can obtain better pricing, more favorable contractual terms and conditions, and/or more favorable allocations of products and components, have been able to offer and may continue to be able to offer lower prices than we are able to offer. Price competition often increases during periods of lower demand, including as a result of declining macroeconomic conditions. The sales prices for our products may also decline as a result of discounts, a change in or mix of products and services, anticipation of the introduction of new products and services by us or by our competitors, promotional programs, product and related warranty costs or broader macroeconomic factors. We may also provide pricing discounts to large customers, which may result in lower margins for the period in which the sales occur. In addition, currency fluctuations, particularly weakness in the Japanese Yen, has and may continue to exacerbate pricing competition for our print products and services. Industry consolidation may also affect competition by creating larger, more homogeneous and potentially stronger competitors in the markets in which we operate. Our competitors may also affect our business by entering into exclusive arrangements with our existing or potential customers or suppliers. Furthermore, non-original supplies (including imitation, refill or remanufactured alternatives), which are often available at lower prices, compete with our Printing Supplies business. We may not be able to prevent the use of imitation print supplies with our printers using technological protection measures, including due to regulatory issues or other legal challenges. In addition, online and omnichannel retailers, resellers and distributors often sell our products alongside competing products, including non-original supplies, or they may highlight the availability of lower cost non-original supplies. We expect this competition will continue. If we cannot continue to produce high-quality and secure products and services, our reputation, business and financial performance may suffer. In the course of conducting our business, we must address quality and security issues associated with our products and services, including potential flaws in our engineering, design and manufacturing processes, unsatisfactory performance under service contracts, and unsatisfactory performance or malicious acts by third-parties. Many of our products and services, including those which incorporate AI capabilities, are dependent on third-party software, including from Microsoft and Google, to function as intended, and product issues also sometimes result from the interaction between our products and software and third-party products and software. Our business is also exposed to the risk of defects in third-party components or materials included in our products, including security vulnerabilities. The products and services that we offer are complex, and our regular testing and quality control efforts may not be completely effective in controlling or detecting all quality and security issues or errors, particularly with respect to undiscovered defects or security vulnerabilities in components manufactured by third parties. If we are unable to determine the cause or find an effective solution to address quality or security issues with our products, we may delay shipment to customers, which would delay revenue recognition and receipt of customer payments. We have and may again in the future write off some or all of the value of non-performing inventory. In addition, after products are delivered, quality and security issues may require us to repair or replace such products. Addressing these issues can be expensive and may result in additional warranty, repair, replacement and other costs. In the event of security vulnerabilities or other issues with third-party components, we may have to rely on third parties to provide mitigation, which may be ineffective. Further, adapting our products and services to meet new regulatory requirements can be costly and cause uncertainties and business disruption. Quality and security issues, including those resulting from defects or security vulnerabilities in third-party components, can impair our relationships with new or existing customers and adversely affect our brand and reputation. The proliferation of social media may increase the likelihood, speed, and magnitude of negative brand and reputation events. Third-party claims of IP infringement are commonplace in our industry and may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services. We are subject to third party claims that we or customers indemnified by us are infringing upon IP rights. We have seen an increasing trend of patent assertion entities and operating companies with licensing businesses engaging in claims of infringement and assertion of patents to extract settlements including the assertion of patents related to standardized technologies, such as Wi-Fi or video. The patent litigation environment has also become more challenging due to the increasing use of venues with procedural and substantive rules and practices more favorable for patent asserters, including the availability of preliminary and permanent injunctions for non-competitors. If we cannot or do not license allegedly infringed IP at all or on reasonable terms, or if we are required to substitute technology from another source or disable allegedly IP protected functionality, our operations could be adversely affected. 15 Table of Contents Even if we believe that IP claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert management s attention and resources away from our business. Claims of IP infringement may require us to redesign affected products, enter into costly settlements or license agreements, pay damage awards, or face an injunction prohibiting us from importing, marketing or selling certain products. Additionally, claims of IP infringement may adversely impact our brand and reputation and imperil new and existing customer relationships. In certain countries (primarily in Europe), proceedings are ongoing or have been concluded in which groups representing copyright owners seek to impose upon and collect from us levies upon IT equipment (such as PCs and printers). There have also been efforts to introduce, modify or extend existing levy schemes and to increase the amount of the levies that can be collected from us. The total amount of the copyright levies depends on several factors, and could be substantial. The ultimate impact of these copyright levies or similar fees, and our ability to recover such amounts through increased prices, remains uncertain. The terms of the separation of Hewlett Packard Enterprise and us include licenses and other arrangements to provide for certain ongoing use of intellectual property in the operations of both Hewlett Packard Enterprise and us. For example, through a joint brand holding structure, both Hewlett Packard Enterprise and we retain the ability to make ongoing use of certain variations of the legacy Hewlett-Packard and HP branding, respectively. As a result of this continuing shared use of the legacy branding there is a risk that conduct or events adversely affecting the reputation of Hewlett Packard Enterprise could also adversely affect our reputation. Our operating results have historically varied and may not be indicative of future results. Our net revenue, gross margin, profit and cash flow generation vary among our portfolio of products and services, customer groups and geographic markets and therefore will likely vary in future periods. Overall gross margins and profitability in any given period are dependent on the product, service, customer and geographic mix reflected in that period s net revenue, which in turn depends on the overall demand for our products and services. We have experienced and may in the future experience delays or reductions in spending by our customers or potential customers, which could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and services and could result in a significant decline in net revenue. For example, we observed a competitive pricing environment, variability in commodity costs, demand softness in Print and demand softness in certain geographic regions in Personal Systems, secular declines in demand for certain products or solutions, including printing products and solutions, inflationary pressures, the imposition of new or increased tariffs and other trade restrictions, and foreign currency fluctuations. We have also observed significant inflationary trends in memory and storage costs. In addition, net revenue declines in some of our businesses may affect net revenue in our other businesses, as we may lose cross-selling opportunities. Our gross margins are also subject to volatility and downward pressure due to a variety of factors, including: continued industry-wide global product pricing pressures and product pricing actions that we may take in response to such pressures; increased competition; our ability to effectively stimulate demand for certain of our products and services; compressed product life cycles; supply shortages; potential increases in the cost of components; our ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; inflation and other macroeconomic pressures; the imposition of new or increased tariffs and other trade restrictions; and the introduction of new products or services, including new products or services with lower profit margins. Moreover, newer geographic markets can be relatively less profitable due to our investments associated with entering those markets and local pricing pressures, as well as difficulty establishing and maintaining the operating infrastructure necessary to support the high growth rate associated with some of those markets. Our efforts to address the challenges facing our business could increase the level of variability in our financial results because the rate at which we are able to realize the benefits from those efforts may vary from period to period. These factors could also make it difficult to accurately forecast revenues and operating results and could negatively affect our ability to provide accurate forecasts to suppliers and manufacturers, manage our relationships and other expenses and to make decisions about future investments. If we fail to manage the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer. We use a variety of distribution methods to sell our products and services around the world, including third-party resellers and distributors and both direct and indirect sales to enterprise accounts and consumers. Successfully managing our global, multi-tier distribution network including the interaction of our direct sales and indirect channel sales efforts to reach potential customer segments for our products and services is a complex process. Moreover, since each distribution method has distinct risks and gross margins, we may fail to implement the most advantageous balance in the delivery model for our products and services. Conflicts might arise between our various distribution channels, we may experience the loss or deterioration of an alliance or distribution arrangement or a reduced assortment of our products, we may not be able to limit the potential misuse of pricing programs by our channel partners and we may fail to optimize the use of our pricing programs. Moreover, some of our channel partners and distributors may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes in business conditions, including economic weakness, industry consolidation and market trends. They may also have difficulty selling our products under new business models. Many of our significant distributors operate on narrow margins and have been negatively affected by business and trade pressures in the past. Additionally, in certain regions, we rely on a limited number of distributors, which could exacerbate these risks. Trade receivables that are not covered by collateral or credit insurance are outstanding with our distribution and retail channel partners. Net revenue from indirect sales could suffer, and we could experience disruptions in distribution, if our distributors financial conditions, abilities to borrow funds or operations weaken or if our distributors cannot successfully compete in the online or omnichannel marketplace. 16 Table of Contents Our inventory management is complex, as we continue to sell a significant mix of products through distributors. We must manage both owned and channel inventory effectively, particularly with respect to sales to distributors, which involves forecasting demand and pricing (and factoring in supply chain challenges and order cancellations). Our forecasts do not always accurately predict demand, and distributors have and may continue to increase orders during periods of product shortages, cancel orders if their inventory is too high or delay orders in anticipation of new products. Distributors also may adjust their orders in response to the supply of our products and the products of our competitors and seasonal fluctuations in end-user demand. Our reliance upon indirect distribution methods, including a multi-tiered channel, may reduce our visibility into inventories, demand and pricing trends. Elevated channel inventory can result in adverse impacts to demand and pricing for our products, the extent and timing of which are difficult to predict with precision or sometimes at all. Accordingly, our distribution model makes forecasting and managing multi-tiered channel inventory more difficult. If we were to expand direct distribution initiatives, channel and indirect distributors could consider such initiatives in conflict with their business interests and reduce their investment in the distribution and sale of our products, or cease all sales of our products. Sales of our products by channel partners to unauthorized resellers or unauthorized resale of our products has and could continue to make our forecasting and channel inventory management more difficult and impact pricing in the market. For example, in the past we have had channel partners sell products outside of their agreed territory, and misrepresent sales to unauthorized resellers as sales to end-users, frustrating our efforts to estimate channel inventory or maintain consistent pricing, and negatively impacting gross margins. Moreover, our use of indirect distribution channels may limit our willingness or ability to adjust prices quickly and otherwise to respond to pricing changes by competitors. In addition, factors in different markets may cause differential discounting among the geographies where our products are sold, which makes it difficult to achieve global consistency in pricing and creates the opportunity for grey marketing. In addition, our global channel partners may fail to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Our uneven sales cycle makes planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. Our quarterly sales often have reflected a pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter s total sales occurs towards the end of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes predicting net revenue, earnings, cash flow from operations and working capital for each financial period difficult, increases the risk of unanticipated variations in our quarterly results and financial condition, and places pressure on our inventory management and logistics systems. If orders fall short of predicted demand, this results in excess inventory. Alternatively, if orders exceed predicted demand, we may not be able to fulfill all of the orders received in each quarter and such orders may be canceled by the customer. Depending on when they occur in a quarter, developments such as a systems failure, component pricing movements, component shortages, supply disruptions, logistics challenges or declines in demand could adversely impact our inventory levels, our results of operations and cash flows in a manner that is disproportionate to the number of days in the quarter affected. We experience seasonal trends in the sale of our products that may produce variations in our quarterly results and financial condition. For example, sales to governments (particularly, sales to the U.S. government) are often stronger in the third calendar quarter, and many customers whose fiscal year is the calendar year spend their remaining capital budget authorizations in the fourth calendar quarter. Consumer sales are often higher in the fourth calendar quarter due in part to seasonal holiday demand, and our fourth fiscal quarter ending October 31 has typically been our strongest quarter by revenues. European sales are often weaker during the summer months. Demand during the spring and early summer may also be adversely impacted by market anticipation of seasonal trends. However, historical seasonal patterns may not continue in the future and such patterns have been and may be impacted by supply constraints, macroeconomic conditions, such as an economic slowdown or inflationary pressures, shifts in customer behavior and the impacts of pandemics or other public health crises. Moreover, to the extent that we introduce new products in anticipation of seasonal demand trends, our discounting of existing products may adversely affect our gross margins. Many of the factors that create and affect seasonal trends are beyond our control. In order to be successful, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop and transition key employees, and failure to do so could seriously harm us. In order to be successful, we must attract, hire, retain, train, motivate, develop, and deploy qualified executives, engineers, technical staff and other key employees. Identifying, developing internally or hiring externally, training and retaining qualified executives, engineers and qualified sales representatives are critical to our future, and competition for experienced employees in the technology industry can be intense. Equity-based compensation is essential for attracting and retaining qualified employees and lack of positive performance in our stock price may adversely affect our ability to attract or retain key employees. In addition, workforce dynamics are constantly evolving and we may not be able to manage changing workforce dynamics successfully. Moreover, changes in immigration policies may impair our ability to recruit and hire technical and professional talent globally. Further, changes in our management team may be disruptive to our business, and we may be unable to successfully transition and assimilate key new hires or promoted employees or successfully execute succession plans. Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot develop, obtain, license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend. We rely upon patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other IP laws in the United States, similar laws in other countries, and agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain IP rights in the products and 17 Table of Contents services we sell, provide or otherwise use in our operations. However, our IP rights could be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented, or such IP rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or to otherwise provide competitive advantages, either of which could result in costly product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings or other harm to our competitive position. In addition, we may choose to not apply for patent protection or may fail to apply for patent protection in a timely fashion. Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions we may be unable to protect our proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use, which could adversely affect our ability to sell products or services and our competitive position. In addition, certain of our businesses and products rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties. We may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on reasonable terms, or such third parties may demand cross-licenses to our IP. Third-party components may become obsolete, defective or incompatible with future versions of our products, our relationship with the third party may deteriorate, or our agreements may expire or be terminated. We may face legal or business disputes with licensors that may threaten or lead to the disruption of inbound licensing relationships. In order to remain in compliance with the terms of our licenses, we must monitor and manage our use of third-party components, including both proprietary and open source license terms that may require the licensing or public disclosure of our IP without compensation or on undesirable terms. Some of these licenses may not be available to us in the future on terms that are acceptable or that allow our product offerings to remain competitive. In addition, it is possible that as a consequence of a merger or acquisition, third parties may obtain licenses to some of our IP rights or our business may be subject to certain restrictions that were not in place prior to such transaction. Because the availability and cost of licenses from third parties depends upon the willingness of third parties to deal with us on the terms we request, there is a risk that third parties who license to our competitors will either refuse to license to us or refuse to license to us on terms equally favorable to those granted to our competitors. Consequently, we may lose a competitive advantage with respect to these IP rights or we may be required to enter into costly arrangements in order to terminate or limit these rights. Finally, we may rely on third parties to enforce certain IP rights. System security risks, data protection breaches, cyberattacks, system outages and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or services provided to customers, and could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely affect our cash flows and stock price. We are exposed to cyberattacks seeking to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Such attacks may involve the deployment of ransomware and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit security vulnerabilities, or attempt to fraudulently induce our employees, customers, or others to disclose passwords, other sensitive information or provide access to our systems or data. Such risks extend not only to our own products, services, systems and networks, but also to those of customers, suppliers, contractors, business partners, vendors, and other third parties, particularly as all parties increasingly digitize their operations. We engage a significant number of these third parties to assist us with various business functions that require the use, storage, processing and deletion of data. While we make efforts to assess and validate the implementation of cybersecurity requirements and controls by these third parties with respect to the services provided and the data handled on our behalf, there remains a risk of misappropriation, compromise or breach of data outside of our direct control. In addition, hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects or vulnerabilities in design or manufacture, including bugs that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the product. Breaches of our facilities, network, or data security could disrupt the security of our systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers and protect the privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information, harm our reputation or competitive position, result in theft or misuse of our IP or other assets, require us to allocate more resources to improve technologies, or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. Additionally, the costs to combat cyber or other security threats can be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. Media or other reports of perceived vulnerabilities in our network security, regardless of their immediacy or accuracy, could adversely impact our brand and reputation and materially affect our business and financial results. While we have implemented security measures and internal controls designed to protect against cyber and other security threats, such measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be successful in preventing future security breaches. Moreover, these threats are constantly evolving, thereby making it more difficult to successfully defend against them or to implement adequate preventative measures. Certain vulnerabilities are difficult to detect even using our best efforts, which may allow those vulnerabilities to persist in our systems over long periods of time. In the past, we have experienced data security incidents resulting from unauthorized access to or use of our systems or those of third parties, which to date, have not had a material impact on our operations; however, there remains the possibility of a future data security incident that results in a material impact to the Company. Additionally, it may be difficult to determine the best way to investigate, mitigate, contain, and remediate the harm caused by a data security incident. Such efforts may not be successful, and we may make errors or fail to take necessary actions. It may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks. These factors may inhibit our 18 Table of Contents ability to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, regulators, and the public. Remote work and remote access to our systems has increased significantly, which also increases our cybersecurity attack surface. We have also seen an increase in cyberattack volume, frequency, and sophistication driven by the global enablement of remote workforces. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may further heighten the risk of cybersecurity attacks. The emergence and maturation of AI capabilities may also lead to new and/or more sophisticated methods of attack, including fraud that relies upon deep fake impersonation technology or other forms of generative automation that may scale up the efficiency or effectiveness of cybersecurity attacks. While we carry cyber insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. Because we process proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our business (including data relating to employees, independent contractors and other personnel), our customers and third parties, breaches of our security measures or accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of such data can expose us, our customers, third parties and the individuals affected to a risk of loss, alteration or misuse of such information. A breach could also damage our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business, and could result in government enforcement actions, litigation, civil monetary penalties or fines and other potential liability for us. We are subject to federal, state, and international laws relating to privacy and data protection, particularly in the U.S., European Union (such as the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR )) and China, and other countries legislative and regulatory bodies are increasingly proposing new or more stringent requirements relating to privacy and data protection. These laws and regulations continue to evolve, are increasing in complexity and number and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing new privacy and data protection measures could be significant. Portions of our IT infrastructure, including those provided by third parties, have experienced, and may experience in the future, interruptions, outages, delays or cessations of service or may produce errors in connection with systems integrations, migration work or other causes, which could result in business disruptions. The process of remediating these issues could be more expensive, time-consuming, disruptive and resource intensive than planned. Further, such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and respond to customer requests and interrupt other processes, resulting in delayed sales, lower margins, lost customers or reputational damage. We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring and other plans and such plans may adversely affect our business. We have undertaken and may undertake in the future restructuring and other plans in order to realign our cost structure, drive customer satisfaction, product innovation and productivity through artificial intelligence, and achieve operating efficiencies that we expect to reduce costs, including the Fiscal 2023 Plan and our Fiscal 2026 Plan. Implementation of any such plans may be costly and disruptive to our business, and we may not be able to obtain the anticipated cost savings, operational improvements and estimated workforce reductions within the projected timing or at all. Additionally, as a result of these plans, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiency, loss of key employees and/or other retention issues during transitional periods. Restructuring and other plans can require a significant amount of time and focus, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business. Moreover, projections of any cost savings or other benefits associated with our restructuring plans are based on current business operations and market dynamics, and could be significantly impacted by various factors, including but not limited to our evolving business models, future investment decisions, market environment and technology landscape. For more information about our restructuring and other plans, see Note 3, Restructuring and Other Charges to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. We may not be able to execute acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully and we may have difficulty or fail to successfully integrate acquired companies. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire companies or businesses, divest businesses or assets, enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures, and make investments to further our business. Risks associated with these transactions include the following: In certain instances we have not, and we may not in the future, fully realize the anticipated benefits of particular transactions in the timeframe we expected or at all, such transactions may be less profitable than anticipated or unprofitable, we may not identify all factors to estimate accurately our costs, timing or other matters, and realizing the benefits of a particular transaction may depend upon competition, market trends, additional costs or investments and the actions of advisors, suppliers or other third parties. Certain transactions have resulted, and in the future may result, in significant costs and expenses, including those related to compensation and benefit costs, goodwill and impairment charges, charges from elimination of duplicative facilities and contracts, inventory adjustments, assumed litigation and other liabilities, advisory fees, and payments to executive officers and key employees under retention plans. Our due diligence may fail to identify significant issues with the target s product quality, financial disclosures, accounting 19 Table of Contents practices or internal controls, including as a result of being dependent on the veracity and completeness of statements and disclosures made or actions taken by third parties, or the assumptions or judgments we make with respect to our due diligence may be incorrect. In order to finance a transaction, we may issue common stock (potentially creating dilution) or take on additional debt, which may adversely impact our credit rating. These transactions could adversely impact our effective tax rate. An acquisition target may have differing or inadequate cybersecurity and data protection controls. These transactions may lead to litigation. In addition, if we fail to identify, successfully complete and integrate transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products, services and technology internally, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. In the case of a divestiture, we may have difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner. We may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than we had anticipated. In addition, we may experience fewer benefits than expected, and the impact of the divestiture on our financial performance may be larger than projected. The business combination and investment transactions in which we engage may be large or complex, and we must manage post-closing issues such as the integration of the acquired business. Integrations involve significant challenges and are often time-consuming and expensive and could significantly disrupt our business and the acquired business. These challenges include successfully combining product and service offerings; entering or expanding into markets; retaining key employees; integrating employees, facilities, technology, products, processes, operations (including supply and manufacturing operations), sales and distribution channels, business models and business systems; and retaining customers and distributors. Our aspirations and disclosures related to environmental and societal matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. We face increasing attention from the investment community, special interest groups, customers, enforcement authorities and other stakeholders, who may have conflicting views, related to our positions, performance, and disclosures relating to environmental and societal related matters and we are subject to legal and regulatory requirements relating to such positions, performance, and disclosures, which continue to broaden and may be conflicting, both in terms of scope and geography. We have environmental and societal goals, which reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our failure to adequately update, accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, or a decision to amend, retire, or stop reporting on certain goals, or positions we take or do not take on social issues could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance and growth, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community, special interest groups, customers and enforcement authorities. Additionally, a failure to adequately meet regulatory expectations may result in the loss of business and reputational impacts, and we periodically are, and in the future could become the target of litigation, investigations or other proceedings initiated by government authorities or private actors alleging that our activities related to environmental and societal matters are anti-competitive, discriminatory or otherwise unlawful. Moreover, efforts to meet evolving and increasingly divergent stakeholder expectations on environmental and societal and related matters may place a strain on our employees and systems. Our ability to achieve any environmental and societal objectives is subject to numerous risks, some of which are outside of our control. 