=== HPQ_2025-12-10.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important for understanding any statement in this Form 10-K or elsewhere. The following information should be particularly read in conjunction with Part I, Item I, “Business” and Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The risks we describe in this Form 10-K or in our other SEC filings or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could, in ways we may not be able to accurately predict, recognize or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and they could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. STRATEGIC AND OPERATIONAL RISKS If we cannot successfully execute our strategy and continue to develop, manufacture and market innovative products, services and solutions, our business and financial performance may suffer. To execute our strategy, we must, among other things, optimize our cost structure, make long-term investments, develop or acquire and appropriately protect intellectual property, commit significant research and development and other resources, evolve our go-to-market strategy and business model to meet changing market dynamics, forces and demand. In addition, we need to innovate, develop and execute on evolutionary strategies in a rapidly changing and increasingly hybrid environment, seize on disruptive opportunities and effectively respond to secular trends and shifts in customer preferences. Our financial performance will depend in part on our ability to remain competitive in offerings geared towards new or emerging market trends, such as artificial intelligence, hybrid consumption and digital employee experience. For example, in fiscal year 2025 we experienced challenges from changing customer behaviors and we believe we and others in our industry face continuing secular challenges related to, among other things, decreased demand for printing products and solutions as a result of increased digitization, hybrid work, increasing competition from generic alternatives and customer preferences shifting from traditional disposable ink cartridge printers to refillable big tank printers. We also seek to ensure our existing offerings in this space, such as managed services and print software, remain sufficiently differentiated and profitable. Our efforts to mitigate the impact of these challenges, such as by seeking to increase our margin and market share, particularly in big tank printers, and drive demand in software and subscription services or other recurring-revenue based business models, offering higher profitability, may not be successful. While our big tank printers typically have a higher initial margin than our traditional in cartridge printers, they do not result in follow-on sales of high margin traditional ink cartridges and, as a result, may have lower overall device lifetime profitability. Also, shifting to recurring-revenue based business may require us to forego upfront revenue and invest in platforms and systems that enable subscription sales. In addition, we may be unable to successfully execute our strategy, sufficiently invest in, prioritize research and development, market and scale, or accurately project the financial performance of our key growth areas, other strategic growth initiatives and existing offerings, accurately predict technological or business trends or control costs. Moreover, the process of developing new high-technology products, services and solutions and enhancing existing products, services and solutions, including through the introduction of AI capabilities, is complex, costly and uncertain, and we may be unable to anticipate or respond to customers’ changing needs, accurately identify emerging technological trends or accurately project the demand, pricing, or other market dynamics of such trends. Our ability to successfully offer our products, services and solutions in this rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively calibrate and adjust our business and business models in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions. This effort includes execution of effective go-to-market plans, which may require us to evolve our talent and capabilities, incentive plans (especially for evolution to recurring revenue business), and coverage models. In addition, we may be unable to appropriately prioritize and balance our initiatives or effectively manage change throughout our organization. Our industry is subject to rapid and substantial innovation, technological change and customer preferences. Even if we successfully develop new products, future products, solutions and technologies, including those created by our competitors, may eventually supplant ours if we are unable to keep pace with technological advances and end-user requirements and preferences and timely enhancement of our existing products and technologies or develop new ones. As a result, we could lose market share and certain of our products, solutions and technologies may be rendered uneconomical or obsolete. After we develop a product, we must be able to quickly manufacture appropriate volumes while also managing costs and preserving or improving margins. To accomplish this, we must accurately forecast volumes, mixes of products and configurations that meet customer and legal requirements, and we may not succeed in doing so within a given product’s lifecycle or at all. Any delay in the development, production or marketing of a new product, service or solution could result in us not being among the first to market, which could further harm our competitive position. Moreover, new products and services may replace or supersede existing offerings and may not be profitable. Even if they are profitable, the operating margins may not be as high as the historical or anticipated margins. 11 Table of Contents We expect the proliferation of AI to have a significant impact on our industry and the markets in which we compete, and the development and use of AI presents competitive, reputational, and liability risks. We believe the proliferation of AI, especially as it relates to our product and solutions offerings, will continue to have a significant impact on customer preferences and market dynamics in our industry, and our ability to effectively compete in this space will be critical to our financial performance. We also believe that the effective use of AI in our internal operations is important to our long-term success. We are working to incorporate AI capabilities into our consumer and commercial products and solutions, as well as across the company in our own internal operations, and our research into and continued development of such technologies remain ongoing. As with many innovations, AI presents risks, challenges, and unintended consequences that could affect its rate and success of adoption, and therefore our business, and there is no guarantee that our use of AI or incorporation of AI capabilities into our products and solutions will benefit our business operations or result in products and solutions that are preferred by our customers. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant resources to build and support our AI products. If our AI products fail to operate as anticipated or as well as competing products or otherwise do not meet customer needs or if we are unable to bring AI-enabled products and solutions to market as effectively, or with the same speed or in the same volumes, as our competitors, we may fail to recoup our investments in AI or improve our financial performance, our competitive position may be harmed, and our business and reputation may be adversely impacted. For example, the accelerated rate of innovation of components from our suppliers may result in higher defects or failure of our offerings to perform, which could cause us to incur increased warranty costs, inventory provisions or impairments and could impact future sales. Moreover, our actions to drive demand to AI products may result in cannibalization of demand for our traditional, non-AI products, which may result in lower net revenues and/or profit margins. In addition, AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information. AI models deployed by us or our partners may lead to unexpected or unintended outcomes that could erode trust in our AI products and solutions and potentially cause harm to individuals or society. These deficiencies and other failures of AI systems, or the use of AI systems, could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, including under new proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the U.S. and European Union, new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws, and brand or reputational harm. Additionally, our obligations to comply with the evolving legal and regulatory landscape could entail significant costs or limit our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our products and solutions. Proliferating export controls, including controls on certain rare earth elements, designed to limit the diffusion of advanced technology, can impact speed on AI innovation and capabilities by controlling hardware capable of supporting advanced AI technology. Some AI capabilities also present ethical issues, and we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. If we enable or offer AI products or solutions or implement AI capabilities in our internal operations that are controversial because of their impact on human rights, the environment, competition, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm or greater employee attrition . We are heavily dependent on third-party suppliers and supply chain issues have adversely affected, and could adversely affect in the future, our financial results. We have at times operated in a supply-constrained environment and have faced, and may face in the future, component shortages, logistics challenges and manufacturing disruptions that impact our revenues, profitability and cash flows. We are heavily dependent on third-party suppliers and their ability to deliver sufficient key components, products and services at reasonable prices and in time for us to meet schedules for the delivery of our products and services. In addition, our operations depend on our ability to anticipate and our suppliers’ ability to fulfill, our needs for sufficient key components, products and services (including sourcing matched sets). Given the wide variety of products and services we offer, the large and diverse distribution of our suppliers and contract manufacturers, and the long lead times required to manufacture, assemble and deliver certain components and products, problems have and could continue to arise in production, planning and inventory management. Third-party suppliers may have limited financial resources to withstand challenging business conditions, particularly as a result of increased interest rates, emerging market volatility or changes in global trade policies, or global pandemics or other public health crises, and our business could be negatively impacted if key suppliers are forced to cease or limit their operations. Changes or additions to our supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties. We also have experienced, and may experience in the future, gross margin declines in certain businesses, reflecting the effect of competitive pricing pressures and increases in component and manufacturing costs, resulting from market dynamics, especially increasing memory and storage costs and potential supply chain constraints in our Personal Systems business, and higher labor and material costs borne by our manufacturers and suppliers that we are unable to pass on to our customers. Our business may be disrupted if we are unable to obtain equipment, parts or components from our suppliers—and our suppliers from their suppliers—due to the insolvency of key suppliers or the inability of key suppliers to obtain credit, or if any of our distributors lack sufficient financial resources to withstand economic weakness. In addition, our ongoing efforts to optimize the efficiency of our supply chain for cost or redundancy could cause supply disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming and resource-intensive than expected. Furthermore, certain of our suppliers and OMs may decide to discontinue business with us or limit the allocation of products to us, which could result in our inability to fill our supply needs, jeopardizing our ability to fulfill our contractual obligations, which could in turn, result in a decrease in sales, profitability and cash flows, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. 12 Table of Contents In addition, our business is subject to the following specific supply chain related risks: • Component shortages. We have at times experienced and may in the future experience a shortage of, or a delay in receiving, certain components as a result of strong demand, capacity constraints, supplier financial weaknesses, disputes with suppliers (some of whom are also our customers), disruptions in the operations of component suppliers, supplier ability to demonstrate regulatory compliance, regulatory or other trade restrictions on specific components in certain markets, other problems experienced by suppliers or problems we face during the transition to new suppliers. For example, a market shortage of integrated circuits and panels and other component supply has at times affected, and may affect in the future, lead times, the cost of that supply, and our ability to meet customer demand for our products. Additionally, our Personal Systems business relies heavily upon OMs to manufacture our products and we are therefore dependent upon the continuing operations of those OMs. We represent a substantial portion of the business for certain OMs, and changes to the nature or volume of our business transactions with a particular OM could adversely affect the OM and lead to shortages or delays in receiving component products from that OM. Increased demand for particular components due to industry trends, including components required for the operation of AI, may lead to shortages, delays, and price increases. Our anticipation of these and other supply chain dynamics may result in us purchasing components in greater volumes and on earlier schedules in order to secure an adequate supply, which could adversely affect our working capital and cash flow. If shortages or delays in component products occur, the price of certain components may increase, we may be exposed to quality issues, we may be required to change suppliers or the components may not be available at all. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build products or provide services in a timely manner in the quantities needed or according to our specifications. Accordingly, we may lose time-sensitive sales, incur additional freight costs or be unable to pass on price increases to our customers due to such component shortages or delays. If we cannot adequately address a component supply issue, we may have to re-engineer some product or service offerings, which could result in further costs and delays. • Sourcing inventory planning. In order to secure components for our products or services, we have and may continue to make advance payments to suppliers or enter into non-cancelable commitments with vendors. In addition, we have and may continue to strategically purchase components in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing or to address concerns about future availability, which could adversely affect our working capital and cash flow. If we fail to anticipate customer demand, an oversupply could result in excess or obsolete components. • Contractual terms. As a result of binding long-term price or purchase commitments with vendors, we may be obligated to purchase components or services at prices that are higher than those available in the current market and may be limited in our ability to respond to changing market conditions. If we commit to purchasing components or services for prices in excess of the then-current market price, we may be at a disadvantage to competitors who have access to components or services at lower prices, our gross margin could suffer, and we could incur additional charges relating to inventory obsolescence. In addition, many of our competitors obtain products or components from the same OMs and suppliers that we utilize. Our competitors may obtain better pricing, more favorable contractual terms and conditions, or more favorable allocations of products and components, and our ability to engage in relationships with certain OMs and suppliers could be limited. The practice employed by our Personal Systems business of purchasing product components and transferring those components to OMs may create large supplier receivables with the OMs that, depending on the financial condition of the OMs, may create collectability risks. In addition, to secure components, we may accept contractual terms and conditions that are less favorable to us. • Contingent workers. We also rely on third-party suppliers for the provision of contingent workers, and our failure to effectively manage this workforce could adversely affect our financial results. Our ability to manage the costs associated with engaging a contingent workforce may be impacted by evolving local labor laws. • Working conditions, human rights and materials sourcing . Our brand perception, customer loyalty and legal compliance could be adversely impacted by a supplier’s improper practices or failure to comply with our requirements for responsible practices and sourcing, including sub-tier sourcing. • Single-source suppliers. We obtain a significant number of components from a single source due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. For example, we rely on Canon for certain laser printer engines and laser toner cartridges and certain key suppliers for application specific integrated circuits (“ASICs”). We also rely on Intel, AMD, and NVIDIA, or other suppliers to provide us with a sufficient supply of processors for the majority of our PCs and workstations. Some of those processors may be customized for our products. New products that we introduce may utilize custom components obtained initially from only one source until we have determined whether there is a need for additional suppliers. Replacing a single-source supplier could delay production of some products as replacement suppliers may be subject to capacity constraints or other output limitations. For some components, alternative sources may not exist or may be unable to produce the quantities of those components necessary to satisfy our production requirements. In certain circumstances, we purchase components from single-source suppliers under short-term agreements that contain favorable pricing and other terms, but that may be unilaterally modified or terminated by the supplier with limited notice and with little or no penalty. The performance of single-source suppliers under those agreements (and the renewal or extension of those agreements upon similar terms) may affect the quality, quantity and price of our components. The loss of, deterioration of our relationship 13 Table of Contents with, or limits in allocation by, a single-source supplier, or any unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which we are supplied components by a single-source supplier could adversely affect our business and financial performance. An adverse litigation outcome, including an injunction in an IP litigation, against a single-source supplier, could also significantly impact our ability to make and sell products utilizing that supplier’s components. • Geographic concentration . Our manufacturing facilities and suppliers have historically been, and continue to be, geographically concentrated in certain regions, which could exacerbate the risks noted above. While we are undertaking initiatives to diversify our manufacturing and supply chain footprint, such initiatives require significant investment and time and have been and can continue to be subject to regulatory, continuity, operational, geopolitical and other hurdles, and there can be no assurance that these initiatives will be successful. • International trade restrictions . Restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data have and may continue to, materially adversely affect our supply chain. The impact has been particularly significant for the restrictive measures that apply to countries and regions where we have significant supply chain operations. Restrictive measures have and may continue to increase the cost of our products and the components and raw materials that go into them, and can require us to take various actions, including changing suppliers, restructuring business relationships and operations, and ceasing to offer and distribute affected products and services. Changing our business model and supply chain to comply with and seek to offset the impact of new or revised trade restrictions has been, and may continue to be, expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our business, and may not be successful in offsetting or mitigating these impacts. The impact of changes we make in this regard will not be immediate, and, even if successful, we expect it will take time for any offsetting impacts to take full effect. Moreover, such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, which can create additional uncertainty. Our business and financial performance could suffer if we do not manage the risks associated with our services businesses properly. The success of our services business (such as our managed print and device services, lifecycle services, digital services, consumer subscriptions and other services and solutions for both Printing and Personal Systems) depends to a significant degree on attracting, retaining, and maintaining or increasing the level of revenues from our customers. Our standard services agreements are generally renewable at a customer’s option and/or subject to early termination rights. We may not be able to retain or renew services contracts with our customers, or our customers may reduce the scope of the services for which they contract. Factors that may influence contract termination, non-renewal or reduction include business downturns, dissatisfaction with our services or products, our retirement or lack of support for our services, our customers selecting alternative technologies, the cost of our services as compared to our competitors, general market conditions, a lower than investment grade credit rating or other reasons. We may not be able to replace the revenue and earnings from lost customers or reductions in services. While our services agreements may include penalties for early termination, these penalties may not fully cover our investments in these businesses. Our customers could also delay or terminate implementations or use of our services or choose not to invest in additional services from us in the future. In addition, the pricing and other terms of certain services agreements require us to make estimates and assumptions at the time we enter into these contracts that could differ from actual results. Any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in connection with the performance of these contracts, such as increased costs resulting from new or increased tariffs or other trade restrictions, which may increase as services become more customized, have in the past made, and could in the future make, these agreements less profitable or unprofitable. Certain service-oriented business models, such as the “device as a service” model under which customers are provided with a hardware device for a periodic fee within a managed solution that provides professional services, software, support, monitoring and other services, may not generate net new sales for customers who previously purchased our hardware transactionally. The device as a service model also requires the participation of a third-party financing provider, and we may face challenges in finding such providers who are willing to provide financing on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, from time to time we offer new services for which customer demand and adoption rates are difficult to predict, and we may not be able to scale these services as we expect. As a result, we may not generate the revenues, profits or cash flows we may have anticipated from our services business within the expected timelines, if at all. We operate in an intensely competitive industry and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance. We encounter aggressive competition in all areas of our business, and our competitors have targeted and are expected to continue targeting our key market segments. We compete on the basis of our technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use, account relationships, customer training, service and support, security, availability of application software and internet infrastructure offerings, and our sustainability performance. We have faced, and may continue to face, declines in market share for our products. If our products, services, support and cost structure do not enable us to compete successfully, our results of operations, cash flows and business prospects could be affected. We have a large portfolio of products and must allocate our financial, personnel and other resources across our products while competing with companies that have smaller portfolios or specialize in one or more of our product lines. Because of the size and scope of our portfolio, we may invest a greater percentage of our revenues, including on research and development, than some of our competitors. As a result, we may invest less in certain areas of our business than our competitors, and our competitors may have 14 Table of Contents greater financial, technical and marketing resources available for their products and services, compared to the resources allocated to our competing products and services, or greater economies of scale, which could in turn result in our loss of market share. Our actions to mitigate the impact of these dynamics, such as reducing the size of our product portfolio, may not be successful. In addition, if we cannot proportionately decrease our cost structure on a timely basis in response to competitive pricing pressures, our gross margin, profitability and cash flows could be adversely affected. Our alliance partners in certain areas may be or may become our competitors in others. In addition, these partners also may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, which could reduce their business with us. We have faced and expect to continue to face aggressive price competition and have lowered and may in the future need to lower the prices of many of our products and services to stay competitive, while at the same time trying to maintain or improve our market share, revenue and gross margin. Competitors who have a greater presence in some of the lower-cost markets in which we compete, or who can obtain better pricing, more favorable contractual terms and conditions, and/or more favorable allocations of products and components, have been able to offer and may continue to be able to offer lower prices than we are able to offer. Price competition often increases during periods of lower demand, including as a result of declining macroeconomic conditions. The sales prices for our products may also decline as a result of discounts, a change in or mix of products and services, anticipation of the introduction of new products and services by us or by our competitors, promotional programs, product and related warranty costs or broader macroeconomic factors. We may also provide pricing discounts to large customers, which may result in lower margins for the period in which the sales occur. In addition, currency fluctuations, particularly weakness in the Japanese Yen, has and may continue to exacerbate pricing competition for our print products and services. Industry consolidation may also affect competition by creating larger, more homogeneous and potentially stronger competitors in the markets in which we operate. Our competitors may also affect our business by entering into exclusive arrangements with our existing or potential customers or suppliers. Furthermore, non-original supplies (including imitation, refill or remanufactured alternatives), which are often available at lower prices, compete with our Printing Supplies business. We may not be able to prevent t

=== HPQ_2026-05-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common and capital stock. There have been no material changes in our risk factors since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025. 53 Table of Contents Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this report. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The table below provides information regarding the Company’s share repurchases that settled during the three months ended April 30, 2026. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs In thousands, except per share amounts February 2026 5,250 $ 19.05 5,250 $ 7,986,940 March 2026 — $ — — $ 7,986,940 April 2026 — $ — — $ 7,986,940 Total 5,250 5,250 The Company’s share repurchase program, which does not have a specific expiration date, authorizes repurchases in the open market or in private transactions. On August 27, 2024 HP’s Board of Directors increased HP’s share repurchase authorization to $10.0 billion inclusive of the amount remaining under previously authorized share repurchases. In the three months ended April 30, 2026, we returned $0.1 billion to shareholders through the repurchase of 5.2 million shares on the open market. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. Our directors and officers (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 16a-1(f)) may from time to time enter into plans or other arrangements for the purchase or sale of our shares that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5–1(c) or may represent a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement under the Exchange Act. On March 10, 2026 , David McQuarrie , our Chief Commercial Officer , adopted a written plan for the sale of up to 94,716 shares of our common stock. The plan is scheduled to commence on June 12, 2026 and is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2026 , or on any earlier date on which all of the shares have been sold. This plan is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. Item 6. Exhibits. The Exhibit Index beginning on page 55 of this report sets forth a list of exhibits. 54 Table of Contents HP INC. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 3(a) Registrant’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation . 8-K 001-04423 3.2 April 25, 2024 3(b) Registrant’s Amended and Restated Bylaws. 8-K 001-04423 3.1 February 3, 2026 10(a) Registrant’s Fifth Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan.* 8-K 001-04423 10.1 April 21, 2026 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Offic er pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. † 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.† 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.†† 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.† 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.† 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.† 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.† 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.† 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.† 104 The cover page from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within the Exhibit 101 attachments).† 55 Table of Contents * Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. † Filed herewith. †† Furnished herewith. The registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission supplementally upon request a copy of (1) any instrument with respect to long-term debt not filed herewith as to which the total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and (2) any omitted schedules to any material agreements set forth above. 56 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. HP INC. /s/ KAREN L. PARKHILL Karen L. Parkhill Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory) Date: May 27, 2026 57 