Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in our common stock involves various risks, including those mentioned below and those that are discussed from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC. Investors should carefully consider these risks, along with the other information contained in this report, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. There may be additional risks of which we are currently unaware, or which we currently consider immaterial. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, reputation, and value of our common stock. RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND THE FINANCIAL SERVICES INDUSTRY. Our revenues are based on the market value and composition of the assets under our management, all of which are subject to fluctuation caused by factors outside of our control. We derive our revenues primarily from investment advisory services provided by our subsidiaries to individual and institutional investors. Our investment advisory fees typically are calculated as a percentage of the market value of the assets under our management. As a result, our revenues are dependent on the value and composition of the assets under our management, all of which are subject to substantial fluctuation due to many factors, including: • Investment Performance. If the investment performance of our managed investment products is less than that of our competitors or applicable third-party benchmarks, we could lose existing and potential clients and suffer a decrease in assets under management. Poor performance relative to other competing products tends to result in decreased sales and increased redemptions with corresponding decreases in our revenues. • General Financial Market Declines. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from advisory fees on managed investment products. A downturn in financial markets would cause the value of assets under our management to decrease, and may also cause investors to withdraw their investments, thereby further decreasing the level of assets under our management. • Investment Concentration. Our fees vary depending on product offering, and our assets under management may be overly concentrated within limited market segments or strategies, which could impact our revenues should these fees be impacted. • Investor Mobility. Our investors may generally withdraw their funds at any time, without advance notice and with little to no significant penalty. Any redemptions and other withdrawals from, or shifting among, our investment products could reduce our assets under management. These could be caused by investors reducing their investments in our products in general or in the market segments in which we focus; investors taking profits from their investments; product risk characteristics, which could cause investors to move assets to other investment managers; and investor and market sentiments. • Capacity Constraints. Prolonged periods of strong relative investment performance and/or strong investor inflows has resulted in, and may result in, capacity constraints within certain strategies, which can lead to, among other things, the closure of those strategies to new investors. • Investing Trends. Changes in investing trends, particularly investor preference for passive or alternatives investment products as well as changes in retirement savings trends, may reduce interest in our products and may alter our mix of assets under management. • Interest Rate Changes. Investor interest in and the valuation of our fixed income and multi-asset investment products are affected by changes in as well as uncertainty about interest rates. • Geo-Political Exposure. Our managed investment products may have significant investments in markets that are subject to risk of loss from political or diplomatic developments, government policies, wars, conflicts or civil unrest (such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, recent events in Venezuela and the on-going conflicts in the Middle East), trade policies, wars or tariffs (including those imposed or threatened by the U.S. and retaliatory tariffs by U.S. trading partners), currency fluctuations, market volatility, illiquidity and capital controls, and changes in legislation related to ownership limitations. • Government Shutdown. The U.S. federal government periodically experiences funding gaps that result in partial or complete shutdowns of government operations. A prolonged shutdown could adversely impact the U.S. economy, financial markets, and our business directly and indirectly. During a shutdown, many federal agencies, such as the SEC, suspend or delay regulatory approvals. A delay in the approval of new products Page 12 Table of Contents which we intend to offer could materially impact our performance and the timing with which we begin to attract investors. Additionally, a shutdown could have broader negative effects on consumer and business confidence, the financial markets, and the overall economy. Uncertainty regarding the duration or frequency of government shutdowns may contribute to market volatility and increased redemptions from our products. A decrease in the value of our assets under management, or an adverse change in their composition, particularly in market segments where our assets are concentrated, could have a material adverse effect on our investment advisory fees and revenues. For any period in which revenues decline, net income and operating margins will likely decline by a greater proportion because certain expenses will be fixed over that finite period and may not decrease in proportion to the decrease in revenues. A majority of our revenues are based on contracts with commingled vehicles that are subject to termination without cause and on short notice. We provide investment advisory, distribution, and other administrative services to commingled vehicles under various agreements. Investment advisory services are provided to each collective investment fund under individual investment management agreements, which can be terminated on short notice. In addition, the Board of each T. Rowe Price U.S. mutual fund and ETF must annually approve the terms of the investment management and service agreements. If a collective investment fund seeks to lower the fees that we receive or terminate its contract with us, we would experience a decline in fees earned from the collective investment funds, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and net income. We operate in an intensely competitive industry. Competitive pressures may result in a loss of clients and their assets or compel us to reduce the fees we charge to clients, thereby reducing our revenues and net income. We are subject to competition in all aspects of our business from other financial institutions. Some of these financial institutions have greater resources than we do and may offer a broader range of financial products across more markets. Some competitors operate in a different regulatory environment than we do which may give them certain competitive advantages in the investment products and portfolio structures that they offer. We compete with other providers of investment advisory services primarily based on the availability and objectives of the investment products offered, investment performance, fees and related expenses, and the scope and quality of investment advice, other client services and technology offerings. Some institutions have proprietary products, distribution channels or technology offerings that make it more difficult for us to compete with them. In addition, in recent years, there has been continued consolidation in the asset management industry, which continues to alter our competitive landscape, has led to fee compression, and requires us to modify or adapt our product offerings to attract and retain customers. Substantially all of our investment products are available without sales or redemption fees, which means that investors may be more willing to transfer assets to competing products. If our clients reduce their investments with us, and we are not able to attract new clients, our AUM, revenue and earnings could decline. The market environment in recent years has led investors to increasingly favor lower fee passive investment products. As a result, investment advisors that emphasize passive products have gained and may continue to gain market share from active managers like us. While we believe there will always be demand for strong performing active management, we cannot predict how much market share these competitors will gain. Furthermore, many aspects of the asset management industry are seeing increased regulatory activity and scrutiny, in particular related to transparency and unbundling of fees, inducements, conflicts of interest, risk management, cybersecurity, technology, privacy and data protection, sustainability, diversity, equity and inclusion, and compensation. We may respond to these regulatory matters or may be impacted by these actions in a manner different from our competitors, which may impact our AUM or result in the loss of clients and their assets. As part of our continued efforts to attract and retain clients, we develop and launch new products and services, which may require expenditure of resources and may expose us to new regulatory or compliance requirements as well as increased risk of operational or client service errors. In the event that we decide to reduce the fees we charge for investment advisory services in response to competitive pressures, which we have done selectively in the past, revenues and operating margins could be adversely impacted. Fee reductions may vary depending on strategy and product offerings, which could result in investment rebalancing or reallocation adversely impacting revenues and operating margins. Page 13 Table of Contents The failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may cause our products, which are similar, to be impacted irrespective of our performance. Many competitors offer similar products to those offered by us, and the failure or negative performance of competitors’ products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar products we offer, irrespective of the performance of such products. Any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, which may cause our AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. Our operations are complex and a failure to properly execute operational processes could have an adverse effect on our reputation and decrease our revenues. We provide global investment management and administrative services to our clients. In certain cases, we rely on third-party service providers for the execution and delivery of these services. There can be no assurance that these service providers will properly perform these processes or that there will not be interruptions in services from these third parties. Failure to properly execute or oversee these services could have an adverse impact on our business, financial results and reputation, and subject us to regulatory sanctions, fines, penalties, or litigation. New investment strategies, investment vehicles, distribution channels, advancement in technology and digital wealth and distribution tools, or other evolutions of or additions to our business may increase the risk that our existing systems may not be adequate to control the risks introduced by such changes. Business changes may require us to update our processes or technology and may increase risk to meeting our business objectives. In addition, our existing information systems and technology platforms might not be able to accommodate our business operations, and the cost of maintaining or upgrading such systems might increase from its current level. If any of these scenarios were to arise, it could disrupt our operations, increase our expenses or result in financial exposure, regulatory inquiry, litigation or reputational damage. Our business model is dependent on our personnel, who as part of their roles support disclosure and internal controls, compliance, supervision, technology and training to provide comfort that our activities do not violate applicable guidelines, rules and regulations or adversely affect our clients, counterparties or us. We also rely on the personnel of others involved in our business, such as third-party service providers, intermediaries or other vendors. Our personnel and the personnel of others involved in our business may make errors or engage in fraudulent or malicious activities, that are not always immediately detected or that cannot be easily remediated, which may disrupt our operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or sanctions, litigation, or otherwise damage our reputation. The quantitative models we use may contain errors, which could result in financial losses or adversely impact product performance and client relationships. We use various quantitative models (including ones supported by AI and machine-learning algorithms) to support investment decisions and investment processes, including those related to portfolio management and portfolio risk analysis, as well as those related to client investment or savings advice or guidance. Any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on our business and reputation. Any damage to our reputation could harm our business and lead to a loss of revenues and net income or access to capital. We have spent many years developing our reputation for integrity, strong investment performance, and superior client service. Our brand is a valuable intangible asset, but it is vulnerable to a variety of threats that can be difficult or impossible to control, and costly or even impossible to remediate, if damaged. Regulatory inquiries and rumors can tarnish or substantially damage our reputation, even if those inquiries are satisfactorily addressed. Our global presence and investments on behalf of our clients around the world could also lead to heightened scrutiny and criticism in an increasingly fragmented geopolitical landscape. Misconduct by our personnel or third-party service providers could likewise adversely impact our reputation and lead to a loss of client assets. While we maintain policies, procedures, and controls to reduce the likelihood of unauthorized activities, we are subject to the risk that our personnel or third parties acting on our behalf may circumvent controls or act in a manner inconsistent with our policies and procedures. Real or perceived conflicts Page 14 Table of Contents between our clients’ interests and our own, as well as any fraudulent activity or other exposure of client assets or information, may impair our reputation and subject us to litigation or regulatory action. In addition, should we be subject to a cybersecurity event or data breach, or the target of cyber criminals who seek to defraud our clients, our reputation could be harmed and we could suffer financial loss. Any damage to our brand could impede our ability to attract and retain clients and key personnel, and reduce the amount of assets under our management, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and net income. Failure to comply with client contractual requirements and/or investment guidelines could result in costs of correction, damage awards or regulatory fines and penalties against us and loss of revenues due to client terminations. Many of the agreements under which we manage assets or provide products or services specify investment guidelines or requirements, such as adherence to investment restrictions or limits, that we are required to observe in the provision of our services. Laws and regulations impose similar requirements for certain investment products. While we maintain various compliance procedures and other controls to seek to prevent, detect and correct such errors, any failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could result in damage to our reputation or in our clients seeking to recover losses, withdrawing their assets or terminating their contracts. Regulators likewise may commence enforcement actions for violations of such requirements, which could lead to fines and penalties against us. Any such events could cause our revenues and profitability to decline, and significant errors for which we are responsible could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Our alternatives products include investments in private credit, real estate, infrastructure and private companies, which may expose us to new or increased risks and liabilities and to reputational harm. Our alternatives products include investments in private credit, real estate, infrastructure and private companies, which may expose our investment products, clients and us to new or increased risks and liabilities. These may include: • risks related to the potential illiquidity, valuation, concentration and disposition of such investments; • risks related to emerging and less established companies that have, among other things, short operating histories, not yet achieved or sustained profitability, new technologies and products, nascent control functions, quickly evolving markets and limited financial resources; • credit risks, including interest-rate movements and an issuer’s ability to make principal and interest payments on the debt it issues; • risks related to investment in “distressed” securities, including abrupt and erratic market movements and above-average price volatility; • risks relating to the use of leverage, including as a result of changes in interest rates or an inability to timely obtain and effectively deploy leverage; • failures on the part of third-party managers, service providers or sub-contractors appointed in connection with investments or projects to adequately perform their contractual duties or operate in accordance with applicable laws; • exposure to stringent and complex foreign, federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations; • risks related to the availability, cost, coverage and other limitations on insurance; and • the financial resources of tenants or loan counterparties; and contingent liabilities on disposition of investments. These (and similar) risks may expose our investment products, clients and us, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, to expenses and liabilities, including costs associated with delays or remediation and increased legal or regulatory costs, all of which could impact the returns earned by our investment products and clients. These risks could also result in direct liability for us by exposing us to losses, regulatory sanctions or litigation, including claims for compensatory or punitive damages. The occurrence of any such events may expose us to reputational harm, or cause our AUM, revenues and net income to decline. Page 15 Table of Contents Our expenses are subject to significant fluctuations that could materially decrease net income. Our operating results are dependent on the level of our expenses, which can vary significantly for many reasons, including: • expenses incurred in connection with our multi-year strategic plan to strengthen our long-term competitive position; • variations in the level of total compensation expense due to changes in, among other things, bonuses, stock-based awards, employee benefit costs due to regulatory or plan design changes, labor market conditions, our employee count and mix, competitive factors, market performance, and inflation; • changes in the level of our advertising and promotion expenses, including the costs of expanding investment advisory services to investors outside of the U.S. and further penetrating U.S. distribution channels; • expenses and capital costs incurred to maintain and enhance our administrative and operating services infrastructure, such as technology assets, depreciation, amortization, and research and development; • changes in the costs incurred for third-party service providers that perform certain administrative and operating services, including as a result of changes in market conditions, labor costs and inflation; • changes in expenses that are correlated to our assets under management, such as distribution and servicing fees; • a future impairment of investments that is recognized in our consolidated balance sheet; • a future impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets that is recognized in our consolidated balance sheet; • unanticipated material fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to the costs of our operations abroad; • unanticipated costs incurred to protect investor accounts and client goodwill; • future changes to legal and regulatory requirements and potential litigation; and • disruptions of infrastructure and third-party services such as communications, power, cloud services, transfer agent, investment management, trading, and accounting systems. Under our agreements with the U.S. mutual funds, we charge the funds certain administrative fees and related expenses based upon contracted terms. If we fail to accurately estimate our underlying expense levels or are required to incur expenses relating to the U.S. mutual funds that are not otherwise paid by the funds, our operating results will be adversely affected. While we are under no obligation to provide financial support to our investment products, any financial support provided would reduce capital available for other purposes and may have an adverse effect on revenues and net income. Our hedging strategies utilized to mitigate risk may not be effective, which could impact our net income. We employ hedging strategies related to our deferred compensation plans in order to hedge the liability related to the plans. In the event that our hedging strategies are not effective, the resulting impact may adversely affect our net income. Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional tax liabilities may impact our financial position or the marketability of the products and services we offer our clients. We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income-based taxes and complex tax regimes in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. We cannot predict future changes in the tax regulations to which we are subject, and any such changes could have a material impact on our tax liability or result in increased costs of our tax compliance efforts. Additionally, changes in the status of tax deferred investment options, including retirement plans, tax-free municipal bonds, the capital gains and corporate dividend tax rates, and other individual and corporate tax rates could cause investors to view certain investment products less favorably and reduce investor demand for products and services we offer, which could have an adverse effect on our assets under management and revenues. Page 16 Table of Contents Examinations and audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods, which could impact our financial results. Based on the global nature of our business, from time to time we are subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes (and, in certain cases, interest, fines, or penalties). We have a process to evaluate whether to record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional income taxes will be due, and adjust these liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, however, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our estimates and impact our financial results. We have contracted with third-party financial intermediaries that distribute our investment products and such relationships may not be available or profitable to us in the future. Third-party financial intermediaries we contract with generally offer their clients various investment products in addition to, and in competition with, our investment products, and have no contractual obligation to encourage investment in our products. It would be difficult for us to acquire or retain the management of those assets without the assistance of the intermediaries, and we cannot assure that we will be able to maintain an adequate number of investment product offerings and successful distribution relationships. In addition, some investors rely on third-party financial planners, registered investment advisers, and other consultants or financial professionals to advise them on the choice of an investment adviser and investment products. These professionals and consultants may favor a competing investment product for reasons we cannot control. We cannot assure that our investment products will be among their recommended choices in the future. Further, their recommendations can change over time and we could lose their recommendation and their clients' assets under our management. Increasing competition for these distribution and sales channels as well as regulatory changes and initiatives may cause our distribution costs to rise, could cause further cost increases in the future, or could otherwise negatively impact the distribution of our products. Mergers, acquisitions, and other ownership or management changes could also adversely impact our relationships with these third-party intermediaries. As a result of these changes, more of our revenues may be concentrated with fewer intermediaries, which may impact our dependence on these intermediaries. A failure to maintain our third-party distribution and sales channels, or a failure to maintain strong business relationships with our distributors and other intermediaries, may impair our distribution and sales operations. Any inability to access and successfully sell our products to clients through such third-party channels could have a negative effect on our level of AUM and adversely impact our business. Moreover, we can provide no assurance that we will continue to have access to the third-party financial intermediaries that currently distribute our products on favorable terms or at all, or that we will continue to have the opportunity to offer all or some of our existing products through them. The presence of any of the adverse conditions discussed above would reduce revenues and net income, possibly by material amounts. Natural disasters and other unpredictable events could adversely affect our operations and financial results. The occurrence of extreme events, such as armed conflicts, terrorist attacks, epidemic, pandemic or disease outbreaks (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), infrastructure failures, natural disasters or extreme weather events, and other events outside of our control could adversely affect our revenues, expenses, and net income by: • decreasing investment valuations in, and returns on, the investment products that we manage; • causing disruptions in national or global economies that decrease investor confidence and make investment products generally less attractive; • incapacitating or inflicting losses of lives among our personnel; • interrupting our business operations or those of critical service providers or other providers; • affecting the availability of infrastructure upon which our operations depend, such as road networks and electrical power grids; • triggering technology delays or failures; and Page 17 Table of Contents • requiring substantial capital expenditures and operating expenses to remediate damage, replace our facilities, and restore our operations. A significant portion of our business operations are concentrated in the Baltimore, Maryland region; Colorado Springs, Colorado; Fort Worth, Texas; New York City, New York; and London, England. In addition, we maintain offices with our personnel in many other global locations, including Sydney, Australia; Hong Kong; Singapore; Tokyo, Japan; and Luxembourg, some of which are in areas that are particularly vulnerable to extreme events. We have developed various backup systems and contingency plans, but we cannot be assured that those preparations will be adequate in all circumstances that could arise, or that material interruptions and disruptions will not occur. We also rely to varying degrees on outside service providers for service delivery in addition to technology and disaster contingency support, and we cannot be assured that these service providers will be able to perform in an adequate and timely manner. If we lose the availability of any personnel, or, if we are unable to respond adequately to such an event in a timely manner, we may be unable to service our clients or timely resume our business operations, which could lead to financial losses, a tarnished reputation and loss of clients that could result in a decrease in assets under management, lower revenues, and materially reduced net income, particularly if our responses to such events are less adequate than those of our competitors. Our business, financial condition, and results of operation may be adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks. Pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks, as well as measures enacted to prevent their spread, may create significant volatility, uncertainty and disruption to the global economy and may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Concerns and uncertainty regarding pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks could lead to increased volatility in global capital and credit markets, adversely affect our operations, key executives and other personnel, clients, investors, service providers and other vendors, suppliers, and other third parties, and negatively impact our assets under management, revenues, income, business and operations. Since our revenue is based on the market value and composition of the assets under our management, the impact of such events on global financial markets and our clients’ investment decisions could adversely affect our revenue and operating results. Furthermore, while we have in place robust and well-established plans for operational resiliency and business continuity, no assurance can be given that the steps we have taken will continue to be effective or appropriate against future pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks. In the event that our personnel become incapacitated by pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks, our business operations may be impacted, which could lead to reputational and financial harm. The soundness of other financial services institutions could adversely affect us or the client portfolios we manage. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We, and the client portfolios that we manage, have exposure to many different counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. Many of these transactions expose us or such client portfolios to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty. While we regularly conduct assessments of counterparty risks, the risk of non-performance by such parties is subject to sudden swings in the financial and credit markets. Such non-performance could produce a financial loss for us or the products we manage. In addition, concerns regarding the soundness of other financial services institutions may generate public concerns regarding us or the financial services industry more broadly, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, even if the underlying matters impacting other financial institutions are of limited or no direct applicability to us. We may review and pursue strategic transactions in order to maintain or enhance our competitive position and these could pose risks. From time to time, we consider strategic opportunities, including potential acquisitions, dispositions, consolidations, organizational restructurings, partnerships, any of which may impact our business. We cannot be certain that we will be able to identify, consummate and successfully complete such transactions, and no assurance can be given with respect to the timing, likelihood or business effect of any possible transaction. These initiatives typically involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges to our ongoing business operations. In addition, acquisitions and related transactions involve risks, including unanticipated problems regarding integration Page 18 Table of Contents of investor account and investment security recordkeeping, additional or new regulatory requirements, operating facilities and technologies, and new personnel; adverse effects on our earnings in the event acquired intangible assets or goodwill become impaired; distracting management and other key personnel from our existing businesses; and the existence of liabilities or contingencies not disclosed to or otherwise known by us prior to closing a transaction. Climate change-related risks could adversely affect our business, products, operations and clients, which may cause our AUM, revenues and earnings to decline. Our business and the assets we manage on behalf of clients could be impacted by climate change-related risks. Climate change may present risk to our business through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a lower-carbon economy. Climate-related physical risks arise from the direct impacts of a changing climate in the short-, medium- and long-term. Such risks may include an increase in the intensity and frequency of extreme weather events, changes in temperature, rising sea levels and increase of wildfires, which may damage infrastructure and facilities, increase energy costs, negatively impact workforces, as well as disrupt connectivity or supply chains. Within our investment products, changes in weather patterns around the world can impact companies in which we invest on behalf of our clients. Weather pattern changes may cause investment professionals to re-evaluate investments in affected companies. Valuations may be impacted resulting in declines in asset values and potential loss of revenue. Climate-related transition risks arise from exposure to the transition to a lower-carbon economy through policy, regulatory, technology and market changes. For instance, new regulations and changes in existing regulations may lead to increased compliance costs, enhanced reporting obligations, regulation of existing products and/or services, exposure to litigation, and aggressive or inconsistent levels of regulatory enforcement globally. Additionally, climate change may influence client preferences by increasing the demand for investment products oriented toward climate change mitigation. Conversely, a climate-related backlash could negatively impact demand for climate or transition related products. Climate change may also impact our reputation if we are perceived to fall short of our own corporate commitments or stakeholder expectations. Any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on our AUM, revenue and earnings. We are exposed to risks arising from our international operations. We operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the United States. Our international operations require us to comply with complex legal and regulatory requirements of various foreign jurisdictions that at times may be contradictory and expose us to political environments and risks that can compare less favorably than those in the United States. Our foreign business operations are also subject to the following risks: • difficulty in managing, operating, and marketing our international operations; • the inability to transact in various investments or to repatriate the proceeds from our investments from countries outside the U.S.; • the potential nationalization of our property or that of the companies in our investment products; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates which may result in substantial negative effects on assets under our management, revenues, expenses, and assets in our U.S. dollar based financial statements; and • significant adverse changes in international legal and regulatory environments. Our investment income and asset levels may be negatively impacted by fluctuations in our investment portfolio. Separately from the investments we manage for our clients, we currently have a substantial investment portfolio in a variety of asset classes including equities, fixed income products, multi-asset products, financial instruments, real estate and alternative investments. Investments in these products are generally made to establish a track record, meet purchase size requirements for trading blocks or demonstrate economic alignment with other investors in our funds. All of these investments are subject to investment market risk, and our non-operating investment income could be adversely affected by the realization of losses upon the disposition of our investments or the recognition of significant impairments or unrealized losses on these investments. In addition, related investment income has fluctuated significantly over the years depending upon the performance of our corporate investments, including the impact of market conditions and interest rates, and the size of our corporate money market and longer-term collective investment fund holdings. Fluctuations in other investment income are expected to occur in the future. Redemptions and other withdrawals from, or shifting among, client portfolios also reduce our investment Page 19 Table of Contents income. These changes could be caused by investors reducing their investments in client portfolios in general or in the market segments in which we focus; investors taking profits from their investments; and portfolio risk characteristics, which could cause investors to move assets to other investment managers. Poor performance relative to other competing products tends to result in decreased sales and increased redemptions with corresponding decreases in our revenues, which may have a material adverse effect on us. HUMAN CAPITAL RISKS. Our success depends on our key personnel and our investment performance and financial results could be negatively affected by the loss of their services. Our success depends on our highly skilled personnel, including our portfolio managers, investment analysts, sales and client relationship personnel, technology and operations professionals, and corporate officers, many of whom have specialized expertise and extensive experience in our industry. Professionals with financial services experience across functional areas are in demand, and we face significant competition for highly qualified personnel. Changes in workplace environment, such as return to office arrangements and remote and hybrid work models, have presented challenges to attracting and retaining talent. While our personnel can generally terminate their employment with us at any time, with most required to provide little to no notice, we have recently adopted more significant notification requirements for certain key positions, which may cause some personnel or candidates to be less willing to continue their employment with us or join our firm. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to attract or retain key personnel. In addition, due to the global nature of our investment advisory business, our key personnel may have reasons to travel to regions susceptible to higher risk of civil unrest, organized crime or terrorism, and we may be unable to ensure the safety of personnel traveling to these regions. We have near- and long-term succession planning processes, including programs to develop our future leaders, which are intended to address future talent needs and minimize the impact of losing key talent. However, in order to retain or replace our key personnel, we may be required to increase compensation, which would decrease net income. The loss of key personnel could also damage our reputation and make it more difficult to attract and retain personnel and investors, and in turn cause our assets under management to decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and net income. TECHNOLOGY RISKS. We require significant quantities and types of technology to operate our business and would be adversely affected if we or our third party providers fail to maintain adequate, resilient and secure technology to conduct or expand our operations or if our technology became inoperative or obsolete. We depend on significant quantities of technology and, in many cases, highly specialized, proprietary or third-party licensed technology to support our business functions, including among others: • securities analysis, • securities trading, • portfolio management, • client service, • accounting and internal financial reporting processes and controls, • data security and integrity, and • regulatory compliance and reporting. All of our technology systems, including those provided or operated by third-party service providers, are not fully redundant and are vulnerable to disability or failures due to cyberattacks, natural disasters or extreme weather events, power failures, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage, coding errors, system outages, and other causes. An outage, suspension or termination of vendor-provided services, software licenses or related support, upgrades, and maintenance could cause system delays or interruption. Although we believe we have robust business and disaster recovery plans, if our technology systems, including those provided or operated by third-party service providers, were to fail and we were unable to recover in a timely way, we would be unable to fulfill critical business functions, which could lead to a loss of clients and could harm our reputation. A technological breakdown or disruption in Page 20 Table of Contents services could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and controls and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to regulatory action and liability to our clients, potentially resulting in financial losses that may not be sufficiently mitigated by insurance coverage. In addition, our continued success depends on our ability to effectively integrate operations across many systems and/or countries, and to adopt new or adapt existing technologies to meet client, industry, and regulatory demands, including, for example, generative AI technology. We might be required to make significant capital expenditures to maintain a competitive technology stack. If we are unable to upgrade our technology stack in a timely fashion, we may lose clients and fail to maintain regulatory compliance, which could affect our results of operations and severely damage our reputation. A cyberattack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses. We are dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and technology-based capabilities we maintain to protect our systems and data. An externally caused data security incident, such as a cyberattack, social engineering attacks (including phishing, impersonation and identity takeover attempts), virus, ransomware attack, denial-of-service attack, or an attack launched from within our systems could compromise the integrity of personal data of clients, personnel and other parties, as well as confidential client or competitive information and materially interrupt our business operations. In addition, our third-party service providers and other intermediaries, with which we conduct business, could also be subject to cyberattacks or other data security events, and we cannot ensure that such third parties have all appropriate controls in place to protect the integrity, confidentiality and security of our data that is in their custody or to allow them to continue their business operations, including their services to us, in a timely manner. There have been increasing numbers of publicized cybersecurity incidents in recent years impacting financial services firms as well as firms in other industries, including incidents of increasing sophistication and scope, all of which have resulted in greater harm. Our use of third-party service providers could heighten this risk. Should the technologies on which we rely be compromised, we may have to make significant investments to upgrade, repair or replace our technology infrastructure or third-party service providers and may not be able to make such investments on a timely basis. Although we maintain insurance coverage, under terms that we believe are reasonable, prudent and adequate for the purpose of our business, it may be insufficient to protect us against all losses and costs stemming from breaches of security, cyberattacks and other types of unlawful activity, or any resulting disruptions from such events. We could be subject to losses if we fail to properly safeguard and maintain confidential data or our intellectual property. As part of our normal operations, we maintain and transmit personal and confidential data about our clients, personnel and other parties, as well as proprietary data and intellectual property relating to our business operations. Our business operations rely on such data being available as and when needed, and not being subjected to loss or unauthorized access or alteration. We maintain a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that both inadvertent errors and fraudulent activity, including misappropriation of assets, fraudulent financial reporting, and unauthorized access to personal or confidential sensitive data, is either prevented or detected in a timely manner. We also leverage cloud-based solutions for the transmission and storage of data. Our systems, or those of the third-party service providers we use to maintain or transmit such data, could be accessed by unauthorized users or corrupted by computer viruses or other malicious software code. Additionally, authorized persons could inadvertently or intentionally release or alter confidential or proprietary data. Any of these types of events could, among other things: • seriously damage our reputation, • result in a loss of confidence in our business and products, • allow competitors access to our proprietary business data, • materially impair our business operations, • subject us to liability for a failure to safeguard data of clients, personnel, and other parties, • result in the termination of contracts by our existing clients, Page 21 Table of Contents • subject us to disclosure obligations, regulatory investigations, actions or fines, and potential litigation involving regulators, stockholders, or other members of the public, and • require significant capital and operating expenditures to investigate and remediate the breach, and organizational costs to mitigate against future incidents. Furthermore, if any person, including any of our personnel, negligently disregards or intentionally overrides or circumvents our established controls with respect to personal or confidential data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions and any insurance we have may not be sufficient to cover our liability which would impact our financial results. The recent advancements in and increased use of artificial intelligence (AI) present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. We or our third-party vendors, clients or counterparties have developed, and may continue to develop or incorporate AI technology in certain business processes, services or products. The development and use of AI present a number of risks and challenges to our business. The legal and regulatory environment relating to AI is uncertain and rapidly evolving, in the U.S., and internationally, and includes regulation targeted specifically at AI technology, as well as provisions in intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, employment and other laws applicable to the use of AI. For example, any failure to properly safeguard and maintain personal data in connection with our use of AI creates potential risk of violating applicable privacy laws and regulations in jurisdictions we operate in, and could subject us to disclosure obligations, regulatory investigations, actions or fines, and litigation. These evolving laws and regulations could require changes in our implementation of AI technology, increase our compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance, and restrict or impede our ability to develop, adopt and deploy AI technologies efficiently and effectively. AI models, particularly generative AI models, may produce output or take action that is incorrect or outdated, that result in the release of personal, confidential or proprietary information, that reflect biases included in the data on which they are trained or introduced during the training or fine tuning process, that infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, or that is otherwise harmful. In addition, the complexity of many AI models makes it challenging to understand why they are generating particular outputs. This limited transparency increases the challenges associated with assessing the proper operation of AI technology, appreciating the risks and monitoring the capabilities of the AI technology developed by third parties, and, to that extent, are dependent in part on the manner in which those third parties develop and train their models, including for example, risks arising from the inclusion of any unauthorized material in the training data for their models, and the effectiveness of the steps these third parties have taken to limit the risks associated with the output of their models, matters over which we may have limited visibility. Further, the use of AI technologies requires ongoing operational controls and procedures and the development and deployment of appropriate protections and safeguards. AI technologies may also disrupt the competitive landscape for investment management and technology services, including in commercial and operational areas such as data aggregation and quantitative models. Any of these risks could expose us to liability or adverse legal or regulatory consequences and harm our reputation and the public perception of our business or the effectiveness of our security measures. Furthermore, we may face competition from investment managers who use AI in lieu of human managers, which may lead to lower cost solutions which could impact our business. In addition to our use of AI technologies, we are exposed to risks arising from the use of AI technologies by bad actors to commit fraud and misappropriate funds and to facilitate cyberattacks. Generative AI, if used to perpetrate fraud or launch cyberattacks, could result in losses, liquidity outflows, or other adverse effects at a particular financial institution or exchange. If our use of AI becomes controversial, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS. Compliance within a complex regulatory and legal environment which continues to evolve imposes significant financial and strategic costs on our business, and non-compliance could result in fines and penalties. There is uncertainty associated with the regulatory and compliance environments in which we operate. Our business is subject to extensive and complex, overlapping and/or conflicting, and frequently changing rules, regulations, policies and legal interpretations, around the world. Additionally, over the past several years the pace Page 22 Table of Contents and scope of new rules, regulations, executive orders, directives, policies and legal interpretations has increased both in the U.S. and globally, which requires additional resources and expense in order for us to digest and institute processes to comply. Furthermore, in recent years several governments have proposed or enacted policies, legislation, and executive actions relating to sustainability and human capital initiatives for the private sector. More recently, interested parties on both sides of the debate have sought to utilize the courts, social media and other means to change the practices of companies. We communicate certain approaches regarding environmental, social, human capital, and other related matters in our regulatory filings or in other public disclosures. We could be criticized for the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure and for the scope or nature of such initiatives or approaches, or for any changes to them over time. In addition, the U.S. administration and other foreign governments have pursued deregulation measures that may create regulatory uncertainty for our business, and potentially create divergent regulatory frameworks, as other state and local governments may take action to fill the vacuum. Any changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business, may impose additional costs, require the attention of our senior management, result in limitations on the manner in which business is conducted, or may ultimately have an adverse impact on the competitiveness of our business. If we are unable to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to criminal and civil liability, the suspension of our personnel, fines, penalties, sanctions, injunctive relief, exclusion from certain markets, or temporary or permanent loss of licenses or registrations necessary to conduct our business. A regulatory proceeding, even if it does not result in a finding of wrongdoing or sanctions, could consume a substantial amount of time, management attention, and expense. Any regulatory investigation and any failure to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations could severely damage our reputation, adversely affect our ability to conduct business and decrease revenue and net income, and potentially result in complex and costly litigation. Legal and regulatory developments in the mutual fund, retirement and investment advisory industry could increase our regulatory burden, impose significant financial and strategic costs on our business, and cause a loss of, or impact the servicing of, our clients and product shareholders. Our regulatory environment is frequently altered by new laws and regulations and by revisions to, and evolving interpretations of, existing regulations. New laws and regulations present areas of uncertainty susceptible to alternative interpretations; regulators and prospective litigants may not agree with reasoned interpretations we adopt. C ertain new regulatory proposals that may impact or relate to our business, include cybersecurity disclosures, sustainability, privacy and data protection, financial products, fiduciary and fund-related reforms, digital assets, tax compliance, and other investment management disclosure and compliance requirements. F uture changes could require us to modify or curtail our investment offerings and business operations which may impact our expenses and profitability. Additionally, some laws and regulations may not directly apply to our business but may impact the capital markets, service providers, or have other indirect effects on our ability to provide services to our clients. Potential impacts of current or proposed legal or regulatory requirements include, without limitation, the following: • There has been increasing focus on the framework of the U.S. retirement system at the federal and state levels. We could experience adverse business impacts if legislative and regulatory changes limit retirement plans to certain products and services, or favor certain investment vehicles that we do not offer, materially limit retirement savings opportunities or foster substantial outflows from retirement savings plans for non-retirement purposes. • There has been substantial regulatory and legislative activity at federal and state levels regarding standards of care for financial services firms, related to both retirement and taxable accounts. Actions taken by applicable regulatory or legislative bodies may impact our business activities and increase our costs. • The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) regulations may limit the ability of certain investment products to use futures, swaps, and other derivatives. We have registered certain subsidiaries with the CFTC, subjecting us to additional regulatory requirements and costs, but also providing us with additional flexibility to utilize such products. Nonetheless, there are still certain limitations on our investment products due to CFTC rules. Page 23 Table of Contents • There has been increased global regulatory focus on the manner in which intermediaries are paid for distribution of mutual funds or other collective investments funds. Changes to long-standing market practices related to fees or enhanced disclosure requirements may negatively impact sales of mutual funds or other collective investments funds by intermediaries, especially if such requirements are not applied to other investment products. • We remain subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations (and associated judicial decisions) related to privacy, data collection and use, including the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and laws enacted by a growing number of U.S. states; cybersecurity; current and emerging technology, including AI and automated decision-making technologies; storage, localization, retention and destruction of data; disclosure, transfer, availability, security and integrity of data; notification of regulators and/or impacted parties regarding adverse data-related events, including the SEC’s cybersecurity disclosure rules; amended Regulation S-P; and other similar matters that can concern the data of our clients and/or personnel. Requirements in these areas continue to expand and evolve throughout the globe, most commonly in ways that increase the complexity and costs of compliance. Future changes to laws and regulations in these areas could impose significant limitations on our operations, require changes to our business, or restrict our collection, use or storage of data or related technologies, which may increase our compliance expenses and make our business more costly or less efficient to conduct. • Regulators have imposed certain clearing, margin, trade reporting, electronic trading and recordkeeping requirements on market participants aimed at market stabilization and risk reduction, such as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related regulations in the U.S. and the European Market Infrastructure Regulation in the EU. These requirements have introduced operational complexity and additional costs to derivatives products. • New laws or regulations involving sustainability integration and disclosure may materially impact the asset management industry, including the EU's Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, the EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, and similar initiatives proposed or adopted by various U.S. states. Conversely, some U.S. states and foreign governments have adopted or proposed legislation or otherwise have taken official positions restricting or prohibiting government entities from doing certain business with entities they believe are discriminating against particular industries or considering sustainability factors in their investment processes and proxy voting. As jurisdictions globally continue to develop legal frameworks on sustainability and sustainability regulations, our industry and business may face increasingly fragmented regulatory frameworks, which may result in complex and potentially conflicting compliance obligations and legal and regulatory uncertainty. • Recently, several significant administrative law cases were decided by the U.S. Supreme Court, most notably Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, which overruled Chevron U.S.A., Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc. In Loper Bright, the Supreme Court held that the U.S. Administrative Procedure Act required courts to exercise their independent judgment when deciding whether an agency had acted within its statutory authority, and that courts may not defer to an agency interpretation solely because a statute is ambiguous, overruling the long-held Chevron decision that had required that courts defer to reasonable agency interpretations of statutes and agency action. These decisions may result in additional legal challenges to regulations and guidance issued by federal regulatory agencies that we or the companies our products invest in have relied on and intend to rely on in the future. Any such challenges, if successful, could have a material impact on our business because we may make decisions based on legal guidance that may be overruled. In addition to potential changes to regulations and agency guidance as a result of legal challenges, these decisions may result in increased regulatory uncertainty and delays in and other impacts to the agency rulemaking process, any of which could adversely impact our business and operations. We cannot predict the nature of future changes to the legal and regulatory requirements ap plicable to our business, nor the extent of the impacts that will result from current or future proposals. However, any such changes are likely to increase the costs of compliance and the complexity of our operations, as well as result in changes to our product or service offerings. The changing regulatory landscape may also impact a number of service providers that provide services to us and, to the extent such service providers alter their operations or increase their fees, it may impact our expenses or those of the products we offer. Page 24 Table of Contents We may become involved in legal and regulatory proceedings that may not be covered by insurance. We are subject to regulatory and governmental inquiries and civil litigation. An adverse outcome of any such proceeding could involve substantial financial penalties and costs. From time to time, various claims against us arise in the ordinary course of business, including employment-related claims. There also has been an increase in litigation and in regulatory investigations in the financial services industry in recent years, including client claims, class action suits, and government actions claiming substantial monetary damages and penalties. We carry insurance in amounts and under terms that we believe are appropriate, however, we cannot be assured that our insurance will cover every liability and loss to which we may be exposed, or that our insurance policies will continue to be available at acceptable terms and fees. Certain insurance coverage may not be available or may be prohibitively expensive in future periods. As our insurance policies come up for renewal, we may need to assume higher deductibles or co-insurance liabilities, or pay higher premiums, which would increase our expenses and reduce our net income. Net capital requirements may impede the business operations of our subsidiaries. Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to net capital requirements imposed by various federal, state, and foreign authorities. Any significant change in the required net capital, an operating loss, or an extraordinary charge against net capital could adversely affect the ability of our subsidiaries to expand or maintain their operations if we were unable to make additional investments in them, which could impact our earnings. We may be impacted adversely by claims or litigation, including claims or litigation relating to our fiduciary responsibilities. Our businesses involve the risk that clients or others may sue us, claiming that we or third parties for whom they say we are responsible have failed to perform under a contract or otherwise failed to carry out a duty perceived to be owed to them. Our trust and investment management businesses are particularly subject to this risk. Claims made or actions brought against us, whether founded or unfounded, may result in lawsuits, injunctions, settlements, damages, fines, or penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations or require changes to our business. Even if we defend ourselves successfully, the cost of litigation is often substantial, and public reports regarding claims made against us may cause damage to our reputation among existing and prospective clients or negatively impact the confidence of counterparties, rating agencies and stockholders, consequently affecting our earnings negatively. We may be adversely affected by increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity. Political and public sentiment regarding financial institutions has in the past resulted, and may in the future result, in a significant amount of adverse press coverage, as well as adverse statements or charges by regulators or other government officials. Press coverage and other public statements that assert some form of wrongdoing (including, in some cases, press coverage and public statements that do not directly involve us) often result in some type of investigation by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in lawsuits. Responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceeding, is time-consuming and expensive and can divert the time and effort of our senior management from our business. Penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased substantially and certain regulators have been more likely in recent years to commence enforcement actions or to support legislation targeted at the financial services industry. Governmental authorities may also be more likely to pursue criminal or other actions, including seeking admissions of wrongdoing or guilty pleas, in connection with the resolution of an inquiry or investigation to the extent a company is viewed as having previously engaged in criminal, regulatory or other misconduct. Adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny and legal and enforcement proceedings can also have a negative impact on our reputation and on the morale and performance of our personnel, which could adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. The financial services industry generally and asset management in particular have been subject to negative publicity. Our reputation and businesses may be adversely affected by negative publicity or information regarding our businesses and personnel, whether or not accurate or true, that may be posted on social media or other internet forums or published by news organizations. As noted above, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations governing privacy and the protection of personal or other data in the U.S., EU and other jurisdictions we operate in . Any failure to properly safeguard and maintain confidential data creates risk that we could be found to be in violation of laws and regulations and subject us to Page 25 Table of Contents disclosure obligations, regulatory investigations, actions or fines, and litigation, and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover our liability which would impact our financial results. 
