Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business faces many risks. Certain risks of which we are currently aware and deem to be material are described below. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may significantly suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Strategic and Competitive Risks We may be unable to increase sales at our existing stores. We experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales at our existing stores, defined as sales in stores which have been open for at least twelve months. See Item 7. “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a further discussion of comparable store sales. Various factors affect the comparable store sales at our existing stores, including, among others, the general retail sales environment, our ability to efficiently source and distribute products, global supply chain disruptions, changes in our merchandise assortment, competition, proximity of our locations to one another or to the locations of other competing retailers, increased presence of online retailers, current economic conditions, customer satisfaction with our products, retail pricing, the timing of promotional events, the release of new merchandise, the success of marketing programs, weather conditions, and our ability to attract and retain qualified team members. These factors may cause the comparable store sales results at our existing stores to differ materially from prior periods and from expectations. Past comparable store sales are not an indication of future results, and there can be no assurance that our comparable store sales will not decrease in the future. 10 Table of Contents Our merchandising and marketing initiatives may not provide expected results. We believe our past performance has been based upon, and future success will depend in part upon, the ability to develop and execute merchandising initiatives with effective marketing programs. These merchandising initiatives and marketing programs may not deliver expected results, and there is no assurance that we will correctly identify and respond in a timely manner to evolving trends and consumer preferences and expectations. If we misjudge the market or our marketing programs are not successful, we may overstock unpopular products and be forced to take inventory impairment or retail price reductions that have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Failure to execute and promote such initiatives in a timely manner could harm our ability to grow the business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Shortages of key merchandise could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations, or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected weather conditions, public health issues (including pandemics and quarantines and related shut-downs, re-openings, or other actions by the government) or natural disasters, while also managing appropriate inventory levels in our stores and distribution or fulfillment centers and managing an excellent customer experience. It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customer will demand. As our customers increasingly expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use, and protect relevant customer data is important to our ability to effectively meet their expectations. Our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. In addition, each of our primary customer groups has different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. We also need to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local cultural and demographic tastes within each customer group. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. Customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also becoming more demanding. Customers routinely use technology and a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms to rapidly compare products and prices, read product reviews, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products. Once products are purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for delivery of those products, and they often expect quick, timely, and low-price or free delivery and/or convenient pickup options. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process. There is no guarantee that measures we take to address this, such as our store localization, direct sales, and Final Mile initiatives, will be successful or sufficient to address our customer’s needs. In addition, a greater concentration of online sales with direct fulfillment or curbside pickup could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our stores, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-selling of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our overall sales and adversely affect our financial performance. Failure to provide a compelling online presence; to timely identify or respond to changing consumer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs; to maintain appropriate inventory; to provide quick and low-price or free delivery alternatives and convenient pickup options; to differentiate the customer experience for our primary customer groups; to effectively implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment; and to ensure we have the correct processes and framework to monitor other necessary changes so we may continue to respond in a timely manner could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Failure to open and manage new stores in the number and manner currently contemplated could adversely affect our financial performance. An integral part of our business strategy includes the expansion of our store base through new store openings. Our expansion strategy is dependent on our ability to find suitable locations, and we face competition from many retailers and other businesses for such sites. If we are unable to implement this strategy, our ability to increase our sales, profitability, and cash flow could be impaired. To the extent that we are unable to open new stores in the manner we anticipate (due to, among other reasons, site approval or unforeseen delays in construction), our sales growth may be impeded. There can be no assurance that our new store openings will be successful or result in incremental sales and profitability for the Company. New stores build their sales volumes and refine their merchandise selection over time and, as a result, generally have 11 Table of Contents lower gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of net sales than our more mature stores. As we continue to open new stores, there may be a negative impact on our results from a lower contribution margin of these new stores until their sales levels ramp to chain average, if at all, as well as from the impact of related pre-opening costs. Additionally, new stores can also impact the sales and contribution margins of existing stores located in close proximity. As we execute this expansion strategy, we may also experience managerial or operational challenges which may prevent any expected increase in sales, profitability, or cash flow. Our ability to manage our planned expansion depends on the adequacy of our existing information systems, the efficiency and expansion of our distribution systems, the adequacy of the hiring and training process for new personnel (especially store managers), the effectiveness of our controls and procedures, and the ability to identify customer demand and build market awareness in different geographic areas. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our planned expansion, that the new stores will be effectively integrated into our existing operations or that such stores will be profitable. Competition may hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our operations. We operate in the highly competitive retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors. These competitors include general merchandise retailers, home center retailers, pet retailers, specialty and discount retailers, independently-owned retail farm and ranch stores, numerous privately-held regional farm store chains, and farm cooperatives, as well as internet-based retailers. We compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations, and team members. This competitive environment subjects us to various other risks, including the inability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. Our failure to compete effectively in this environment could adversely impact our financial performance. We may pursue strategic acquisitions and the failure of an acquisition to produce the anticipated results or the inability to fully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business. We may, from time to time, acquire businesses we believe to be complementary to our business, such as the acquisition of Allivet, Inc. (“Allivet”) in December 2024. The success of an acquisition is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration, and other factors relating to the target business. Acquisitions may result in difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and may result in the diversion of our capital and our management’s attention from other business issues and opportunities. We may not be able to successfully integrate an organization that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations, and general operating procedures. If we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, we could experience increased costs associated with operating inefficiencies which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Acquired businesses may not achieve desired profitability objectives or other expectations, causing lower than expected earnings and cash flows which could adversely affect our financial performance and subsequently require impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets. 12 Table of Contents Failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name or any of our Owned Brands. Our success depends in part on the value and strength of the Tractor Supply name, including our Owned Brands. The Tractor Supply name is integral to our business, as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide high quality merchandise and a consistent, high quality customer experience. Our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity, whether or not based on fact. Any failure to comply or accusation of our failure to comply with data privacy, environmental, ethical, labor, product, social, and other regulatory and industry standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback and information about our Company, including our products and services, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. We have been, and in the future may be, subject to criticism in the media and on social media regarding our company and management, as well as our stewardship strategies and changes in those strategies, which may be considered to be overreaching by some stakeholders and inadequate by other stakeholders. Widespread dissemination of such criticism at times has impacted our relationships with our customers and investors, and may do so in the future. Further, adverse publicity about our merchandise products or company, whether valid or not, may discourage customers from buying the products we offer. Additionally, our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. We may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized third party uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own. Any of these events could result in decreased revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business. Weather and Climate Risks Unseasonal and extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, and climate change may have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Weather conditions affect the demand for, timing of demand for, and in some cases the supply of, products, which in turn has an impact on prices. Historically, weather conditions, including unseasonably warm weather in the fall and winter months and unseasonably cool weather in the spring and summer months, have affected the timing and volume of our sales and results of operations. In addition, extreme weather conditions, such as more frequent or intense hurricanes and tropical storms, thunderstorms, tornadoes, flood, fires, droughts, earthquakes, and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels, have impacted operating results both positively and negatively and may positively or negatively impact our business in the future. While extreme weather conditions can positively impact our operating results by increasing demand in affected locations for products needed to cope with the weather condition and its effects, they can also negatively affect our business depending on the severity and length of these conditions, as a result of store closings, damage to our stores or merchandise, or the inability of customers to shop at our stores due to weather conditions. Our strategy is to manage product flow and adjust merchandise assortments and depth of inventory to capitalize on seasonal demand trends. Should such a strategy not be effective, the weather may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the long-term impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) or transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes, including the risk of evolving or diverging regulatory requirements and investor and consumer expectations in different jurisdictions) are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. These changes over time could affect, for example, consumer behavior and preferences, the availability and cost of certain consumer products and commodities, and energy (including utilities), which, in turn, may impact our ability to procure certain goods or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we or our customers require. As a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability. Weather conditions may cause a disruption in our distribution and transportation network that would adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations. We rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods to our stores and to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. Disruptions due to extreme weather conditions, including snow and ice storms, flood and wind damage, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme rain, fires and droughts have at times resulted and may in the future 13 Table of Contents result in delays in the transportation and delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers, our stores, or our customers. Significant disruptions or delays in our distribution and transportation network could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our customers which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory, or market responses to global climate change. Growing concern over climate change has led policy makers in the U.S. and elsewhere to consider the enactment of legislative and regulatory proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions. Such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. For example, we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline and electricity in conducting our operations. Increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance costs and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs, which could materially affect our profitability. We may also be subject to additional and more complex reporting requirements in the future. For example, the State of California recently amended the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act that will impose broad climate-related disclosure obligations on companies doing business in California. The implementation of certain of these requirements was paused in November 2025 and remains subject to litigation, with the result that the timing and outcomes of such court proceedings are currently unclear. If enacted, the disclosure rules could significantly increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or requirements, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. In addition, regulatory uncertainty, changes in applicable rules and regulations, and regulations in different jurisdictions that may conflict with each other may make compliance more costly or difficult to achieve. Our inability to appropriately respond to such changes could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, we could suffer adverse reputational impacts if we are not able to respond to any new regulatory or market changes in a timely fashion, on the same timeline as our peers, or at all. Our investors, other stakeholders, and regulators may not be satisfied with our ESG efforts including DE&I. In July 2024, we announced a change in our goals relating to our carbon emissions goals and DE&I efforts. In addition, in 2025, we determined not to adopt climate targets in line with the Science Based Targets initiative. Our stakeholders may not be satisfied with our efforts or the changes in our goals, which could adversely affect public perception of our business, team member morale, customer or stockholder support as well as business and/or financial performance. For example, certain of our investors, as well as shareholder advocates, are placing an emphasis on how corporations address ESG including DE&I issues in their business strategy when making investment decisions and when developing their investment theses and proxy recommendations. Additionally, certain stock indices consider ESG factors in determining which companies qualify for inclusion. If our investors, shareholder advocates, or indices in which we are included react negatively to future changes in our goals, it could have a negative impact on our stock price. Future changes to our ESG goals and strategies may further adversely impact our relationship with our team members, customers, stockholders, and other stakeholders, which could result in a reduction in sales, a negative impact on our stock price, and erosion of stockholder trust or consumer perception. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, including potential enforcement action, if any of our regulators has a negative reaction to the changes in our goals or perceives our goals to conflict with regulatory requirements. Macroeconomic Risks General economic and geopolitical conditions may adversely affect our financial performance. Our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic and geopolitical conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. A weakening of economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as lower employment levels, negative consumer outlook, uncertainty, instability or changes in business or political conditions, social and political causes and movements, including government shutdowns, changes in interest rates, inflation/deflation, higher tax rates or tariffs, changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies, higher fuel and energy costs, higher labor and healthcare costs, and other economic matters could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to competitors. A general reduction in the level of discretionary spending, shifts in consumer discretionary spending to our competitors or shifts in discretionary spending to less profitable products sold by us could result in lower net sales, slower inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, and a reduction in profitability due to lower margins. Furthermore, natural disasters or acts of terrorism, public health epidemics or pandemics, and geopolitical tensions or incidents such as war, civil unrest, terrorist attacks or other acts of violence in the United States or in other areas of the world could adversely affect consumer spending or our operations, which could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 14 Table of Contents Purchase price volatility, including inflationary and deflationary pressures, may adversely affect our financial performance. Although we cannot determine the full effect of inflation and deflation on our operations, we believe our sales and results of operations are affected by both. We are subject to market risk with respect to the pricing of certain products and services, which include, among other items, grain, corn, steel, petroleum, cotton, and other commodities, as well as duties, tariffs, diesel fuel, and transportation services. Therefore, we may experience both inflationary and deflationary pressure on product cost, which may impact consumer demand and, as a result, sales and gross margin. Our strategy is to reduce or mitigate the effects of purchase price volatility principally by taking advantage of vendor incentive programs, economies of scale from increased volume of purchases, adjusting retail prices, and selectively buying from the most competitive vendors while maintaining product quality. Should our strategy to mitigate purchase price volatility be ineffective, our financial performance could be adversely impacted. Team Member Risks Our failure to attract and retain qualified team members, increases in wage and labor costs, and changes in laws and other labor issues could adversely affect our financial performance. Our ability to maintain and continue expanding operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified team members. Our ability to meet labor needs while controlling wage and related labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, increases in legally required minimum wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs, changes in employment legislation and the potential for changes in local labor practices or union activities. If we are unable to locate, attract or retain qualified personnel, or if costs of labor or related costs increase significantly, our financial performance could be adversely affected. We are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing employment practices and working conditions. These laws cover wage and hour practices, labor relations, paid and family leave, workplace safety and immigration, among others. The laws and regulations being passed at the state and local level create unique challenges for a multi-state employer. We must continue to monitor and adapt our employment practices to comply with these various laws and regulations. If our costs of labor or related costs increase significantly as new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented, our financial performance could be adversely affected. The loss of current members of our senior management team and other key team members or the failure to successfully manage an executive officer transition may adversely affect our operating results. Our success depends in large part on the continued availability and service of our executive officers, senior management, and other key team members. Competition for senior management and key team members in our industry is strong and we may not be able to retain our key team members or attract new qualified team members. We must continue to recruit, retain, and motivate management and other team members sufficiently, both to maintain our current business and to execute our long-term strategic growth initiatives. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key senior management without sufficient advance notice could prevent or delay the implementation and completion of our strategic initiatives or divert management’s attention to seeking qualified replacements. Additionally, any failure by us to manage a successful leadership transition of an executive officer and to timely identify a qualified permanent replacement could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Supply Chain and Third-Party Vendor Risks We face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced. The products we sell are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors. We have agreements with our vendors in which the vendors agree to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and to indemnify us against certain liabilities and costs. Our ability to recover liabilities and costs under these vendor agreements is dependent upon the financial condition and integrity of the vendors. We rely on long-term relationships with our suppliers but have no significant long-term contracts with such suppliers. Our future success will depend in large measure upon our ability to maintain our existing supplier relationships or to develop new ones. This reliance exposes us to the risk of inadequate and untimely supplies of various products due to political, economic, social, global health, or environmental conditions, transportation delays, or changes in laws and regulations affecting distribution, including the imposition of higher tariffs or other changes in trade policies. Our vendors may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for 15 Table of Contents bankruptcy protection, which could make it difficult for us to serve the market’s needs and could have a material adverse effect on our business. The Company does not control third party vendors’ actions or the components or manufacture of their products. Any problems caused by these third-parties, or issues associated with their products or workforce, including customer or governmental complaints, breakdowns or other disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, and cyber-attacks or security breaches at a vendor could subject the Company to litigation and adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to its customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We rely on foreign manufacturers for various products that we sell. In addition, many of our domestic suppliers purchase a portion of their products from foreign sources. As an importer, our business is subject to the risks generally associated with doing business internationally, such as domestic and foreign governmental regulations, economic disruptions, global or regional health epidemics, delays in shipments, transportation capacity and costs, currency exchange rates, and changes in political or economic conditions in countries from which we purchase products. If any such factors were to render the conduct of business in particular countries undesirable or impractical or if additional U.S. quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes, or other charges or restrictions were imposed upon the importation of our products in the future, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The economic landscape in the U.S. contains uncertainty with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and regulations, and other geopolitical considerations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries. We source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the U.S., primarily in Asia and Central America. Major developments in tax policy, trade relations, or diplomatic relationships, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise, the imposition of tariffs on imported products or retaliatory actions by countries affected by changes in U.S. tax and trade policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We rely on manufacturers located in foreign countries, including China, for merchandise. Additionally, a portion of our domestically purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad. Our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international trade, including the impact of current or potential tariffs by the U.S. with respect to certain consumer goods imported from China. We source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the U.S., primarily in Asia and Central America, and many of our domestic vendors have a global supply chain. The U.S. has recently imposed new or higher tariffs on certain products imported into the U.S. from China and other countries and could propose additional tariffs. The imposition of tariffs on imported products has increased our costs and could result in reduced sales and profits. The changes in certain tax and trade policies, tariffs and other regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries enacted under the prior U.S. administration increased the cost of our merchandise sourced from outside of the U.S., which represents a large percentage of our overall merchandise. It remains unclear how tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations may change under the current U.S. administration, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity and net income. In addition, the imposition of tariffs by the U.S. has resulted in the adoption of tariffs by China and other countries on U.S. exports and could result in the adoption of additional tariffs by other countries as well. A resulting trade war or increasing trade tensions could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world economy. Further, the imposition of tariffs or other changes in world trade could have an impact on certain U.S. industries and consumers, could cause us to raise our prices and re-evaluate the sourcing of our products, and could consequently negatively impact the consumer demand for products that we sell. Through our enterprise risk management, we continue to evaluate the impact of the effective and potential tariffs on our supply chain, costs, sales, and profitability as well as our strategies to mitigate any negative impact, including negotiating with our vendors, seeking alternative sourcing options, and adjusting retail selling prices. Increased tariffs have impacted our costs and margins, and given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of the current and potential tariffs, as well as the potential for additional trade actions by the U.S. or other countries, the future impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition is uncertain but could be significant. Thus, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful in whole or in part. To the extent that our supply chain, costs, sales, or profitability are negatively affected by the tariffs or other trade actions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 16 Table of Contents A significant disruption to our distribution network or to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits. We rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. Any disruption, unanticipated expense, or operational failure related to this process could negatively affect our operations. For example, unexpected delivery delays (including delays due to weather, fuel shortages, work stoppages, global or regional health epidemics, product shortages from vendors, or other reasons) or increases in transportation costs (including increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments) could significantly decrease our ability to provide adequate products to meet increased customer demand for certain products, or products at a desired price, resulting in lower sales and profitability. In addition, labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries could negatively affect our business. Also, a fire, tornado, snow or ice storm, or other disaster at one of our distribution facilities could disrupt our timely receiving, processing, and shipment of merchandise to our stores which could adversely affect our business. Shortages or interruptions in the receipt or supply of products caused by unanticipated demand, such as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, problems in production or distribution, financial or other difficulties of supplies, inclement weather or other economic conditions, including the availability of qualified drivers and distribution center team members, could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of products, and our operating results. The implementation of our supply chain initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We maintain a network of distribution facilities and have plans to build new distribution facilities and expand existing facilities to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives. Delays in opening new or expanded distribution facilities could adversely affect our future operations by slowing store growth or negatively impacting our fulfillment capabilities, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. In addition, distribution-related construction or expansion projects, such as our Final Mile initiatives, entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental, or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. The completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. We cannot guarantee that all projects will be completed on time or within established budgets. We continue to make significant technology investments in our supply chain. These initiatives are designed to streamline our distribution process so that we can optimize the delivery of goods and services to our stores, distribution facilities, and customers in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost. The cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. In addition, our improved supply chain technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether. Technology, Data Security, Cybersecurity, Business Continuity, and Disaster Recovery Risks Any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our business, customers, team members, and vendors that we hold, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, team members, and vendors. Such a failure could also cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We depend on information systems and technology, some of which are managed or provided by third-parties, for many activities important to our business. As do most retailers, we receive and store in our information systems certain personal and other sensitive information about our business , customers, team members , and vendors. Additionally, we also receive and process information permitting cashless payments as part of our in-store and online operations at TractorSupply.com, Petsense.com, and Allivet.com , and on our mobile application, some of which depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. The information that we receive and store makes us subject to cybersecurity attacks and cyber incidents, which are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated, and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. We are the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and we continuously monitor our information technology networks and infrastructure in an effort to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. We have enhanced our cybersecurity processes and procedures in response to the general cybersecurity threat environment in recent years. We are not aware of any discrete cybersecurity threat, including as a result of 17 Table of Contents any previous cybersecurity incidents, that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, these security measures cannot provide absolute assurance or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing, detecting, or responding to every such breach or disruption and/or preventing the misuse of confidential information of our busines s, customers, team members, or vendors. Similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors on which we rely for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions, even if the attack or breach does not directly impact our systems or information. A compromise of our information security and privacy controls, or those of businesses and vendors with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorized or improper parties; loss or unavailability of data; disruptions to our business activities; or any other outcome stemming from a cybersecurity incident could materially adversely affect our reputation with our custome rs, team members, a nd vendors, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, and could result in significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of insurance coverage. Moreover, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources to respond to the attack or breach and could result in a disruption of our operations. In addition, states and the federal government have enacted laws and regulations relating to privacy, data breaches, and theft of team member and customer data. These laws have increased the costs of doing business and, if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations to implement appropriate safeguards or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these new laws, we could be subject to potential claims for damages and other remedies, which could harm our business. We are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label credit cards, gift cards, direct debit from a customer’s bank account, consumer invoicing, and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. These payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers, and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. They also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards and promotional financing, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, adequately encrypt payment transaction data, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks’ costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our business and operations could suffer material losses in the event of system interruptions or failures. Our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services managed or provided by third-parties, serve an important role in the operation and administration of our business. These systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including, but not limited to, human error, cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, fire, flood, power outages, telecommunication failures, facility or equipment damage, natural disasters, terrorism, and war. In addition, we continually make investments in technology to implement new processes and systems, as well as to maintain and update our existing processes and systems. Implementing process and system changes increases the risk of disruption. If our information technology systems are interrupted or fail and our redundant systems or recovery plans are not adequate to address such interruptions or failures on a timely basis, our revenues and profits could be reduced and the reputation of our brand and our business could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, remediation of any problems with our systems could result in significant, unplanned expenses. 18 Table of Contents Customer-facing technology systems are an important part of our sales and marketing strategy and the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Through our continued information technology enhancements, including the use of artificial intelligence, we believe we are able to provide an improved overall shopping environment and a Digital experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smart phones, and other mobile communication devices. We use our websites, TractorSupply.com , Petsense.com , and Allivet.com , and our mobile application as both a sales channel for our products and as a method of providing product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to drive in-store and online sales. Digital retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer expectations and new developments. The portion of total consumer expenditures with retailers occurring online and through mobile applications has continued to increase. The pace of this increase could further accelerate in the future. Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with customers across numerous channels, including in-store, online, mobile and social media, among others. Digital retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing customer expectations and new developments by our competitors. Our customers are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers, and other devices to shop and to interact with us through social media. We are making investments in our websites and mobile applications. If we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant customer-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Disruptions, failures, or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including any artificial intelligence or machine learning systems we use now or may use in the future, could impair the benefits that they provide to our in-store and online business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers. If we are unable to maintain or upgrade our management information systems and software programs or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient and our long-term strategic growth initiatives may not be successful. We depend on management information systems for many aspects of our business. We rely on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business. We could be materially adversely affected if we experienced a disruption or data loss relating to our management information systems and are unable to recover timely. We could also be adversely impacted if we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our management information systems, particularly in light of the contemplated continued store growth. The success of our long-term strategic growth initiatives designed to increase our sales and improve margin are dependent in varying degrees on the timely delivery and the functionality of information technology systems to support them. Extended delays or cost overruns in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support the long-term strategic growth initiatives would delay and possibly even prevent us from realizing the projected benefits of those initiatives. Our increasing use of and investment in artificial intelligence and other emerging technologies could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and reputation. We use internally developed and third-party artificial intelligence and machine learning technology systems to operate our retail business more efficiently and to enhance the experiences of our customers and team members. Our integrated use of these technology systems is intended to support more personalized customer experiences and improve forecasting, sourcing, inventory planning, labor planning, and fulfillment for seasonal and weather-sensitive demand. We are investing, and expect to continue to invest, in expanding our artificial intelligence capabilities and to consider the adoption of other emerging technologies. There can be no assurance, however, that our development or use of these technologies will achieve their intended benefits, operate as expected, be cost-effective, or not result in unintended consequences. Further, the rapidly evolving legal and regulatory environment relating to artificial intelligence and privacy could impact our implementation of these and other emerging technologies and increase compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. Flaws, breaches, or malfunctions in these systems could lead to operational disruptions, data loss, erroneous decision-making, regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, or legal liability that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial condition. In addition, we face risk of competitive disadvantage if our competitors more effectively use emerging technologies to better serve customers, drive internal efficiencies, and create new or enhanced products or services. 19 Table of Contents Financial Risks Changes in market conditions or in our credit rating could restrict capital and adversely affect our business operations and growth initiatives. We rely on the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities and our access to the credit and capital markets to fund our operations, growth strategy, capital expenditures, and return of cash to our stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. Changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to these potential sources of future liquidity. Our continued access to liquidity sources on favorable terms depends on multiple factors, including our operating performance and credit ratings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and/or improve our current credit ratings. A rating organization may lower our rating, or change our ratings’ outlook, or decide not to rate our securities, temporarily or permanently, in its sole discretion. In the event that our current credit ratings are downgraded or removed, we would most likely incur higher borrowing costs and experience greater difficulty in obtaining additional financing, which in turn would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity. We can make no assurances that our ability to obtain additional financing through the debt and equity markets will not be adversely affected by economic conditions or that we will be able to maintain or improve our current credit ratings. In addition, tight lending practices may make it difficult for our real estate developers to obtain financing under acceptable loan terms and conditions. Unfavorable lending conditions could impact the timing of our store openings and materially adversely affect our ability to open new stores in desirable locations. Longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced funding alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business. Any disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged. Such measures could include deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating future share repurchases, cash dividends, or other discretionary uses of cash. Our level of indebtedness could limit our cash flow available for operations and could adversely affect our ability to service our debt or obtain additional financing. As of December 27, 2025, our total outstanding consolidated debt was approximately $1.77 billion. Our level of indebtedness could restrict our operations and make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations. Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness, to refinance our indebtedness, and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This ability, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. Our business may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and future borrowings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. Our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all, will be dependent upon a number of factors, including our degree of leverage, the value of our assets, borrowing and other financial restrictions imposed by lenders and conditions in the credit markets at the time we refinance. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness on acceptable terms, we may be forced to agree to otherwise unfavorable financing terms. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, so long as we comply with any existing limitations in our credit and debt agreements while they are in effect, we may issue an indeterminate amount of debt securities from time to time. If new debt is added to our and our subsidiaries' current debt levels, the related risks that we and they now face could intensify. Our credit facilities, the indenture related to our 1.75% Senior Notes, 5.25% Senior Notes, and other debt instruments have restrictive covenants and change of control provisions that could limit our financial and business flexibility. Our credit agreement governing our senior credit facilities and our note purchase and private shelf agreement governing our senior unsecured notes due August 14, 2029 (the “3.70% Senior Notes”) each contain financial, operative and other restrictive covenants in addition to the restrictive covenants contained in the indentures governing our 1.75% Senior Notes and 5.25% Senior Notes (as defined in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition, upon certain events constituting a change of control, as that term is defined in the indenture for our 1.75% Senior Notes, 5.25% Senior Notes, and in our note purchase and private shelf 20 Table of Contents agreement for our 3.70% Senior Notes, we are required to make an offer in cash to repurchase all or any part of each holder's 1.75% Senior Notes as well as 5.25% Senior Notes at a repurchase price equal to 101% of the principal thereof, plus accrued interest, and to prepay all of each holder’s 3.70% Senior Notes at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the principal thereof, plus accrued interest. Sufficient funds may not be available to us, however, at the time of any change of control event to repurchase and prepay, as applicable, all or a portion of the tendered notes pursuant to these requirements. Our failure to offer to repurchase the 1.75% Senior Notes and the 5.25% Senior Notes and prepay 3.70% Senior Notes, or to repurchase and prepay, as applicable, notes tendered, following a change of control will result in a default under the indentures for our 1.75% Senior Notes, 5.25% Senior Notes, and the note purchase and private shelf agreement for our 3.70% Senior Notes, which could lead to a cross-default under our credit agreement for our senior credit facilities. We cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or any guaranty that we will continue to repurchase our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program. Although our Board of Directors has indicated an intention to pay future quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, any determination to pay or increase cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based primarily upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, and our Board of Directors’ continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our stockholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the dividend. Furthermore, although our Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $7.50 billion, we may temporarily pause or permanently discontinue this program at any time or significantly reduce the amount of repurchases under the program. The share r epurchase program does not have an expiration date. As of December 27, 2025, the Company had remaining authorization under the share repurchase program of $1.13 billion, exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses. The market price for our common stock might be volatile and could result in a decline in value. The price at which our common stock trades may be volatile and could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to our operating results, general trends and prospects for the retail industry, announcements by our competitors, analyst recommendations, our ability to meet or exceed analysts’ or investors’ expectations, the condition of the financial markets, and other factors. The Company’s stock price is dependent in part on the multiple of earnings that investors are willing to pay. That multiple is in part dependent on investors’ perception of the Company’s future earnings growth prospects. If investors’ perception of the Company’s earnings growth prospects change, the Company’s earnings multiple may decline and its stock price could be adversely affected. In addition, the stock market has at times experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. These fluctuations, as well as general economic and market conditions, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock notwithstanding our actual operating performance. Impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price of an acquired company and the related fair value of net assets acquired. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indication of impairment of goodwill exists. As with goodwill, we also test our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors indicating impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets may include, among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated or changing competition; the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and reduced growth rates. Any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that business conditions deteriorate or if changes in key assumptions and estimates differ significantly from management's expectations, it may be necessary to record additional impairment charges in the future which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 21 Table of Contents Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risks We are subject to personal injury, workers’ compensation, product liability, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination, wage and hour, and other claims in the ordinary course of business. Our business involves a risk of personal injury, workers’ compensation, product liability, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination, wage and hour, and other claims in the ordinary course of business. Product liability claims from customers and product recalls for merchandise alleged to be defective or harmful could lead to the disposal or write-off of merchandise inventories, the incurrence of fines or penalties, and damage to our reputation. We maintain general liability with a self-insured retention and workers’ compensation insurance with a deductible for each occurrence. We also maintain umbrella limits above the primary general liability and product liability coverage. In many cases, we have indemnification rights against the manufacturers of the products and their products liability insurance, as well as the property owners of our leased buildings. Our ability to recover costs and damages under such insurance or indemnification arrangements is subject to the financial viability of the insurers, manufacturers, and landlords and the specific allegations of a claim. No assurance can be given that our insurance coverage or the manufacturers’ or landlords’ indemnity will be available or sufficient in any claims brought against us. Additionally, we are subject to U.S. federal, state, and local employment laws that expose us to potential liability if we are determined to have violated such employment laws, including but not limited to, laws pertaining to minimum wage rates, overtime pay, discrimination, harassment, and wrongful termination. Compliance with these laws, including the remediation of any alleged violation, may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of federal, state, local, or foreign laws and regulations. We are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws and governmental regulations including those relating to competition, environmental protection, personal injury, intellectual property, consumer product safety, building, land use and zoning requirements, workplace regulations, wage and hour, privacy and information security, pricing, record management, and employment law matters, as well as laws, regulations and licensing requirements governing animal health products and services and pet pharmacy activities. Our operations, including our outsourced exclusive brand manufacturing partners, are subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”), the Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”), the Department of Agriculture (the “USDA”), the Environmental Protection Agency (the “EPA”) and by various other federal, state, local and foreign authorities regarding the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling and export of our products, including food and drug safety standards. If we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, or if these laws or regulations are violated by importers, manufacturers or distributors, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. In addition, our capital expenditures could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations. We are also subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), which prohibits U.S. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business, and the anti-bribery laws of other jurisdictions. Failure to comply with the FCPA and similar laws could subject us to, among other things, penalties and legal expenses that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Potential noncompliance with environmental regulations could materially impact our results of operations, financial condition, or reputation. Our business is subject to various federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and other requirements pertaining to protection of the environment and public health, including, for example, regulations governing the management of waste materials and waste waters. Governmental agencies on the federal, state, and local levels have, in recent years, increasingly focused on the retail sector’s compliance with such laws and regulations, and have at times pursued enforcement activities. We periodically receive information requests and notices of potential noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations from governmental agencies, which are addressed on a case-by-case basis with the relevant agency. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or reputation. 22 Table of Contents Failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could materially impact our business and results. The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. An internal control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all internal control systems, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud, and could expose us to litigation or adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Effective tax rate changes and results of examinations by taxing authorities could materially impact our results. Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by legislative tax reform, changes in statutory rates or changes in tax laws, or interpretations thereof. Additionally, our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by the earnings mix being lower than historical results in states where we have lower statutory rates and higher than historical results in states where we have higher statutory rates or by changes in the measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. We are subject to periodic audits and examinations by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), as well as state and local taxing authorities. Like many retailers, a portion of our sales are to tax-exempt customers. The business activities of our customers and the intended use of the unique products sold by us create a challenging and complex compliance environment. These circumstances create risk that we could be challenged as to the propriety of our sales tax compliance. Our results could be materially impacted by the determinations and expenses related to these and other proceedings by the IRS and other state and local taxing authorities. 
