RISK FACTORS We are subject to various risks and events that could adversely affect our business, our financial condition, our results of operations, our cash flows and the price of our common stock. In addition to the information presented elsewhere in this report, particularly in Our Business , Forward-Looking Statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) , you should consider the risk factors in this section, as well as those set forth from time to time in our other public statements, reports, registration statements, prospectuses, information statements and other filings we make from time to time with the SEC, in evaluating us, our business and an investment in our securities. The risks discussed below are not the only risks we face, and our descriptions of such risks, here and elsewhere, should not be considered exhaustive. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may adversely affect our business, our financial condition, our results of operations, our cash flows and the price of our common stock. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 30 Table of Contents RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY MARKET AND OTHER EXTERNAL RISKS The industries in which we operate are sensitive to macroeconomic conditions and consequently are highly cyclical. The overall levels of demand for the products we manufacture and distribute reflect fluctuations in levels of end-user demand, which consequently affect our sales and profitability. End-user demand depends in large part on general macroeconomic conditions, both in the U.S. and globally, as well as on local economic conditions. The length and magnitude of industry cycles vary over time, both by market and by product, but generally reflect changes in macroeconomic conditions and levels of industry capacity. Any decline or stagnation in macroeconomic conditions could cause us to experience lower sales volumes and reduced margins for our products. Low demand for new homes and home repair and remodeling can adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is particularly dependent upon the health of the U.S. housing market, and specifically on demand for new homes and home repair and remodeling. Demand in these markets is sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, inflation, consumer income, the availability of financing and interest rate levels. Other factors that could limit or adversely affect demand for new homes and home repair and remodeling, and hence demand for our products, include factors such as changes in consumer preferences, limited wage growth, increases in non-mortgage consumer debt, any weakening in consumer confidence, as well as any increase in foreclosure rates and distress sales of houses. Homebuyers ability to qualify for and obtain affordable mortgages could be affected by changes in interest rates, changes in home loan underwriting standards and government sponsored entities and private mortgage insurance companies supporting the mortgage market. Access to affordable mortgage financing is critical to the health of the U.S. housing market. Generally, increases in interest rates make it more difficult for home buyers to obtain mortgage financing, which could negatively affect demand for housing and, in turn, negatively affect demand for our wood products. After maintaining interest rates at historically low levels for an extended period of time, in the first quarter of 2022 the U.S. Federal Reserve began implementing a policy of incrementally raising rates, which it continued through 2023. Although the Federal Reserve began reducing rates in 2024, they remain well above pre-2022 levels. We cannot predict the extent to which the U.S. Federal Reserve's current policy will be maintained or the timing, number, extent or direction of future rate adjustments. Along with prevailing interest rates, other significant factors affecting the demand for new homes relate to the ability of home buyers to obtain mortgage financing. During the last U.S. recession, credit requirements for home lending were severely tightened and the number of mortgage loans available for financing home purchases were thereby severely reduced. Although the availability of credit has improved since that time, the housing market could be limited or adversely affected if credit requirements were to again tighten or become more restrictive for any reason. Additionally, the liquidity provided to the mortgage industry by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, both of which purchase home mortgages and mortgage-backed securities originated by mortgage lenders, has been critical to the home lending market. Any political or other developments that would have the effect of limiting or restricting the availability of financing by these government sponsored entities could also adversely affect interest rates and the availability of mortgage financing. Whether resulting from further direct increases in borrowing rates, tightened underwriting standards on mortgage loans or reduced federal support of the mortgage lending industry, a challenging mortgage financing environment could reduce demand for housing and, therefore, adversely affect demand for our products. Changes in regulations relating to tax deductions for mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes could harm our future sales and earnings. Significant costs of homeownership include mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes, both of which are generally deductible for an individual s federal and, in some cases, state income taxes. Federal legislation reduced the amount of mortgage interest and real estate taxes that certain taxpayers may deduct. These and any similar changes to income tax laws by the federal government or by a state government to eliminate or substantially reduce these income tax deductions, or any significant increase in real property taxes by local governments, may increase the cost of homeownership and thus could adversely affect the demand for our products. Catastrophic events may adversely affect the markets for our products and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to the risk of various catastrophic events, including but not limited to the occurrence of: severe regional or local weather events or trends and related fires or flooding; wide-spread insect or pest infestations on one or more of our properties; significant geological events such as earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and major erosion in the form of landslides; significant geopolitical events, conditions or developments such as significant international trade disputes or domestic or foreign terrorist attacks, domestic or foreign armed conflict and political unrest; and regional health epidemics or global health pandemics, such as the 2020 outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus and its many subsequent mutations. Any one or more of these events or conditions, or other catastrophic events or developments, could directly or indirectly significantly affect our ability to operate our businesses and adversely affect domestic and foreign general economic conditions and thus domestic or foreign market demand for our products. The impact of any one or more of these events or conditions may also trigger the occurrence of, or exacerbate, WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 31 Table of Contents other risks discussed herein, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. PRODUCT PRICING AND PROFITABILITY Our profitability is affected by market dynamics outside of our control. Because commodity products have few distinguishing properties from producer to producer, competition for these products is based largely on price, which is determined by supply relative to demand and competition from substitute products. Prices for our products are also affected by many other factors outside of our control. As a result, we have little influence or control over the timing and extent of price changes, which often are volatile in our industry. Moreover, our profit margins with respect to these products depend, in part, on managing our costs, particularly raw material, labor (including contract labor) and energy costs, which represent significant cost components that also fluctuate based upon market and other factors beyond our control. Excess supply of logs and wood products may adversely affect prices and margins. Producers in our industry have in the past put downward pressure on product pricing by selling excess supply into the market. Our industry may increase harvest levels, which could lead to an oversupply of logs. Wood products producers may likewise expand manufacturing capacity, which could lead to an oversupply of manufactured wood products. Any such increases of industry supply to our markets could adversely affect our prices and margins. THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS We depend heavily on third parties for logging and transportation services, and any increase in the cost or any disruption in the availability of these services could materially adversely affect our business and operations and our financial results. Our businesses depend heavily on the availability of third-party service providers for the harvest of our timber and the transportation of our wood products and wood fiber. We are therefore considerably affected by the availability and cost of these services. Any significant increase in the operating costs to our service providers, including without limitation an increase in the cost of fuel, labor or insurance, could have a material negative effect on our financial results by increasing the cost of these services to us, as well as result in an overall reduction in the availability of these services altogether. Our third-party transportation providers are also subject to several events outside of their control, such as disruption of transportation infrastructure, labor issues including shortages of commercial truck drivers and natural disasters. Any failure of a third-party transportation provider to timely deliver our products, including delivery of our wood products and wood fiber to our customers and delivery of wood fiber to our mills, could harm our supply chain, negatively affect our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our reputation. As a result of weak business conditions in the timber industry that persisted for several years, there are fewer third-party service providers in certain markets to harvest and deliver our logs. This shortage has resulted in an overall increase in logging and hauling costs and, in some cases, compromised the general availability of these contractors. Any increase in harvest levels due to positive changes in macroeconomic conditions driving demand for logs could further strain the existing supply of third-party logging and hauling service providers. This, in turn, could increase the cost of log supply and delivery, or prevent us from fully capitalizing on favorable market conditions by limiting our ability to access and deliver our logs to market. MANAGING COMMERCIAL TIMBERLANDS RISKS Our ability to harvest and deliver timber may be subject to limitations which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our primary assets are our timberlands. Weather conditions, timber growth cycles, access limitations and availability of contract loggers and haulers may adversely affect our ability to harvest our timberlands. Other factors that may adversely affect our timber harvest include damage to our standing timber by fire or by insect or pest infestation, disease, prolonged drought, flooding, severe weather and other natural disasters. As discussed in more detail in the following risk factors, changes in global climate conditions could intensify the severity and rate of occurrence of any one or more of these risks that we currently face or introduce other risks that we currently cannot predict. Although damage from such causes usually is localized and affects only a limited percentage of standing timber, there can be no assurance that any damage affecting our timberlands will in fact be limited. As is common in the forest products industry, we do not maintain insurance coverage for damage to our timberlands. Our revenues, net income and cash flow from operations are dependent to a significant extent on the pricing of our products and our continued ability to harvest timber at adequate levels. Therefore, if we were to be restricted from harvesting on a significant portion of our timberlands for a prolonged period of time, or if material damage to a significant portion of our standing timber were to occur, we could suffer materially adverse effects to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Future timber harvest levels may also be affected by our ability to timely and effectively replant harvested areas, which depends on several factors including changes in estimates of long-term sustainable yield because of silvicultural advances, natural disasters, fires, pests, insects and other hazards, regulatory constraints, availability of contractors, U.S. immigration policies and other factors beyond our control. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 32 Table of Contents Timber harvest activities are also subject to a number of federal, state and local regulations pertaining to the protection of fish, wildlife, water and other resources. Regulations, government agency policy and guidelines, and litigation, can restrict timber harvest activities and increase costs. Examples include federal and state laws protecting threatened, endangered and at-risk species, harvesting and forestry road building activities that may be restricted under the U.S. Federal Clean Water Act, state forestry practices laws, laws protecting aboriginal rights and other similar regulations. Our estimates of timber inventories and growth rates may be inaccurate and include risks inherent in calculating such estimates, which may impair our ability to realize expected revenues. Whether in connection with managing our existing timberland portfolio or assessing potential timberland acquisitions, we make and rely on important estimates of merchantable timber inventories. These include estimates of timber inventories that may be lawfully and economically harvested, timber growth rates and end-product yields. Timber growth rates and yield estimates are developed by forest biometricians and other experts using statistical measurements of tree samples on given property. These estimates are central to forecasting our anticipated timber harvests, revenues and expected cash flows. While the company has confidence in its timber inventory processes and the professionals in the field who administer them, future growth and yield estimates are inherently inexact and uncertain and subject to many external variables that could further affect their accuracy. These external variables include, among other things, disease, insect or pest infestation, natural disasters and changes in weather patterns, all of which could be exacerbated by the impacts of climate change. If these estimates are inaccurate, our ability to manage our timberlands in a sustainable or profitable manner may be compromised, which may cause our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our stock price to be adversely affected. Our financial condition, operating results and cash flows will be materially affected by supply and demand for timber. A variety of factors affect prices for timber, including available supply, changes in economic conditions that affect demand, the level of domestic new construction and remodeling activity, interest rates, credit availability, population growth, weather conditions, insect or pest infestation and other factors. These factors vary by region, by timber type (i.e., sawlogs or pulpwood logs) and by species. Timber prices are affected by changes in demand on a local, national and international level. The closure of a mill in a region where we own timber could have a material adverse effect on demand in that region, and therefore pricing. For example, as the demand for paper continues to decline, closures of pulp mills in some of our operating regions have adversely affected the regional demand for pulpwood and wood chips. Additionally, some of our Asian log export markets, particularly China, have a history of significant volatility. Lower demand for our export logs could have a negative effect on timber prices, particularly in the western region. Timber prices are also affected by changes in timber supply and availability at the local, national and international level. Our timberland ownership is concentrated in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Louisiana, Maine, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon and Washington. In some of these states, much of the timberland is privately owned. Increases in timber prices often result in substantial increases in harvesting on private timberlands, including lands owned by others and not previously made available for commercial timber operations, causing a short-term increase in supply that moderates such price increases. In western states such as Oregon and Washington, where a greater proportion of timberland is government-owned, any substantial increase in timber harvesting from government-owned land could significantly reduce timber prices. On a local level, timber supplies can fluctuate depending on factors such as changes in weather conditions and harvest strategies of local timberland owners, as well as occasionally high timber salvage efforts due to events such as insect or pest infestations, fires or other natural disasters. Demand for timber in foreign markets can fluctuate due to a variety of factors as well, including but not limited to: changes in the fundamental economic conditions that affect demand for logs in a given export market country or region; any substantial increase in supply of logs from local or regional sources, including such sources that periodically supply large amounts of salvage timber as a result of disease or infestation, and other factors. Timberlands make up a significant portion of our business portfolio and we are therefore subject to real estate investment risks. Our real property holdings are primarily timberlands and we may make additional timberlands acquisitions in the future. As the owner and manager of more than 10 million acres of timberlands, we are subject to the risks that are inherent in concentrated real estate investments. A downturn in the real estate industry generally, or the timber or forest products industries specifically, could reduce the value of our properties and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such a downturn could also adversely affect our customers and reduce the demand for our products, as well as our ability to execute upon our strategy of selling nonstrategic timberlands and timberland properties that have higher and better uses at attractive prices. These risks may be more pronounced than if we diversified our investments outside of real property holdings. MANUFACTURING AND SELLING WOOD PRODUCTS RISKS A material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales, and negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our equipment within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including: unscheduled maintenance outages; prolonged power failures; equipment failure; WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 33 Table of Contents chemical spill or release; explosion of a boiler; fires, floods, windstorms, earthquakes, hurricanes or other severe weather conditions or catastrophes affecting the production of goods or the supply of raw materials (including fiber); the effect of drought or reduced rainfall on water supply; labor difficulties; disruptions in transportation or transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, rail, tunnels, shipping and port facilities; terrorism or threats of terrorism; cyberattack; governmental regulations; other operational problems and effects of viral or disease outbreaks and any resulting epidemic or global pandemic. We cannot predict the duration of any such downtime or extent of facility damage. If one of our facilities or machines were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and satisfy customer demand could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and income. Additionally, we may be required to make significant unplanned capital expenditures. Although some risks are not insurable and some coverage is limited, we purchase insurance on our manufacturing facilities for damage from fires, floods, windstorms, earthquakes, other severe weather conditions, equipment failures and boiler explosions. Such insurance may not be sufficient to recover all of our damages. Some of our wood products are vulnerable to declines in demand due to competing technologies or materials. Our products compete with non-fiber based alternatives or with alternative products in certain market segments. For example, plastic, wood/plastic or composite materials may be used by builders as alternatives to our wood products such as lumber, veneer, plywood and oriented strand board. Changes in prices for oil, chemicals and wood-based fiber can change the competitive position of our products relative to available alternatives and could increase substitution of those products for our products. If use of these or other alternative products grows, demand for and pricing of our products could be adversely affected. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by changes in product mix or pricing. Our results may be materially adversely affected by a change in our product mix or pricing. Some of our wood products, such as lumber, veneer, plywood and oriented strand board, are commodities and are subject to fluctuations in market pricing. If pricing on our commodity products decreases and if we are not successful in increasing sales of higher-priced, higher-value products, or if we are not successful in implementing price increases, or there are delays in acceptance of price increases or higher-priced products, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Price discounting, if required to maintain our competitive position in one or more markets, could result in lower than anticipated price realizations and margins. We face intense competition in our markets; any failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We compete with North American producers and, for some of our product lines, global producers, some of which may have greater financial resources and lower production costs than we do. The principal basis for competition for many of our products is selling price. Our industries also are particularly sensitive to other factors including innovation, design, quality and service, with varying emphasis on these factors depending on the product line. To the extent that any of our competitors are more successful with respect to any key competitive factor, our ability to attract and retain customers and maintain and increase sales could be materially adversely affected. Any failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Competition from lumber imports could vary significantly and have a material effect on U.S. timber and lumber prices. The future amount and pricing of lumber imports entering U.S. markets remain uncertain. Historically, Canada has been the most significant source of lumber for the U.S. market, particularly in the new home construction market. We produce lumber in our Canadian mills, but the bulk of our lumber production is in the U.S. There have been many disputes and subsequent trade agreements regarding sales of softwood lumber between Canada and the U.S. The last agreement, which required Canadian softwood lumber facilities, including our mills, to pay an export tax when the price of lumber is at or below a threshold price, expired in October 2015. Since that time, the U.S. Department of Commerce has issued countervailing and antidumping duties on softwood lumber imports from Canada based on findings of injury to U.S. lumber producers. We are not able to predict when, or if, a new softwood lumber agreement with Canada will be reached or, if reached, what the terms of the agreement would be. Similarly, we are not able to predict if the current U.S. policy of imposing import duties on Canadian softwood lumber will continue. We could, therefore, experience significant downward pressure on timber and lumber prices caused by Canadian lumber imports. We also periodically face competition from lumber producers in Europe. Historically, European imports to U.S. markets have been more robust during strong domestic lumber market cycles, which can limit the benefits we realize from high timber and lumber prices by creating downward pressure on pricing. As with Canadian imports, we cannot predict the timing nor the extent of future levels of European lumber imports and could therefore experience significant downward pressure on timber and lumber prices stemming from this source of competition. For more discussion about U.S. trade policy and its potential effects on our business, see the following risk factor entitled U.S. and International Trade Policy . WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 34 Table of Contents Customer demand for certain brands of sustainably-produced products could reduce competition among buyers for our products or cause other adverse effects. We have adopted the Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) standard for wood fiber supplied to our manufacturing facilities, both from our timberlands and from third-party suppliers. If customer preference for a sustainability standard other than SFI increases, or if the SFI standard falls into disfavor , there may be reduced demand and lower prices for our products relative to competitors who can supply products sourced from forests certified to competing certification standards. If we seek to comply with such other standards, we could incur materially increased costs for our operations or be required to modify our operations, such as reducing harvest levels. FSC, in particular, employs standards that are geographically variable and could cause a material reduction in the harvest levels of some of our timberlands, most notably in the Pacific Northwest. Our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by changes in the cost or availability of raw materials and energy. We rely heavily on certain raw materials (principally wood fiber and chemicals) and energy sources (principally natural gas, electricity and fuel oil) in our manufacturing processes. Our ability to increase earnings has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials and energy sources. We may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw material or energy costs through price increases, productivity improvements, cost-reduction programs or hedging arrangements. The U.S. has experienced significant inflation, which could continue or worsen and therefore negatively affect the cost or availability of raw materials and energy, which we may not be able to fully pass onto our customers. PHYSICAL RISKS RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE Changes in global or regional climate conditions could significantly harm our timberland assets and have a negative impact on our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Climate change has the potential to cause significant disruptions to our business and results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. There is increasing concern that increases in global average temperatures caused by increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could cause significant changes in weather patterns, including changes to precipitation patterns and growing seasons. These changes could, in the long term and in some locations, lead to slower growth of our trees and, potentially, changes to the species mix that we manage in our timber assets. An increase in global temperature could also lead to an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and other natural disasters. Thus, damage or access to our timberland assets by existing causes, such as fire, insect or pest infestation, disease, prolonged drought, flooding, windstorms and other natural disasters, could be significantly worsened by climate change. Extreme weather and temperatures could also lead to interruptions of normal work conditions in our operations. Any one or more of these negative effects on commercial timberland operations from climate change, both our own and that of other commercial timberland operators, could also have a material adverse impact on our Wood Products business by significantly affecting the availability, cost and quality of the wood fiber used in our mill operations. WORKFORCE RISK Our business is dependent upon attracting, retaining and developing key personnel. Our success depends, to a significant extent, upon our ability to attract, retain and develop employees to help run our business, including but not limited to employees needed to staff our operations and key personnel capable of performing at a high level to fill roles in senior corporate and operations management. Our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be significantly adversely affected if we were to fail to recruit, retain, and develop such employees, or if there were to occur any significant decrease in the availability of such employees or any significant increase in the cost of providing such employees with competitive total compensation and benefits. For the last few years, we have experienced a competitive and challenging labor market. In addition, most of our operations are located in rural communities where we draw from local labor forces to fill many positions in both our Timberlands and Wood Products operations. These communities are often beset with many challenges ranging from struggling economies to limited community resources and access to educational opportunities, any one or more of which could lead to decreases in location populations and therefore decreases in the availability of an able and qualified workforce. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base, whether caused by any singular event such as a global pandemic or as a result of general macroeconomic, demographic or other factors, could disrupt our operations and lead to increased labor costs, such as an increased need for overtime work by current employees to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees. A strike or other work stoppage, or our inability to renew collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms, could adversely affect our financial results. A significant number of employees in our Western Timberlands and in our Wood Products businesses located in the Pacific Northwest are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and these employees have in the recent past commenced a work stoppage that was subsequently resolved. We also have collective bargaining agreements with smaller groups of employees in various other parts of our business operations. If our unionized employees were to engage in a protracted work stoppage or if our non-unionized employees were to become unionized and thereafter commence a work stoppage, we could experience a significant disruption of operations. If we are unable to reach or renew collective bargaining agreements with our unionized workers, we could also experience higher ongoing labor costs. Any work stoppage by any one or more of our significant customers, transportation providers or suppliers could also have similar negative effects on us. Depending on scope and duration, any of these labor disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 35 Table of Contents PENSION PLAN LIABILITY RISK Volatility in interest rates and lower than expected returns on our pension assets could reduce the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans, requiring us to make significant additional cash contributions to our benefit plans. A portion of our current and former employees have accrued benefits under our defined benefit pension plans. Although the plans are not open to newly hired or rehired employees, current employees hired before the plan closure continue to accrue benefits. Requirements for funding our pension plan liabilities are based on a number of actuarial assumptions, including the expected rate of return on our plan assets and the discount rate applied to our pension plan obligations. Fluctuations in equity market returns and changes in long-term interest rates could increase our costs under our defined benefit pension plans and may significantly affect future contribution requirements. It is unknown what the actual investment return on our pension assets will be in future years and what interest rates may be at any given point in time. We cannot therefore provide any assurance of what our actual pension plan costs will be in the future, or whether we will be required under applicable law to make future material plan contributions. See Note 8: Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans for additional information about these plans, including funding status. STRATEGIC INITIATIVES AND EXECUTION RISK Our business and financial results may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully execute on important strategic initiatives. Our strategic initiatives are designed to improve our results of operations and drive long-term shareholder value, and our financial plans contemplate a combination of important strategic growth initiatives across segments. These initiatives include, among others, optimizing cash flow through operational excellence and opportunistic acquisitions and divestitures, expanding capacity and distribution for our timber and wood products, reducing costs to achieve industry-leading cost structure, innovating in higher-margin products and pursuing opportunities in new and emerging markets. For example, through our Timberlands business we are pursuing opportunities to expand exports in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and through our Real Estate, Energy Natural Resources business we are pursuing opportunities to participate in new and emerging markets for forest carbon credits, renewable energy, carbon storage and biocarbon. In our Wood Products segment, we are making strategic capital investments in our Lumber business, expanding the footprint of our Distribution business and investing resources in new product development. The success of these endeavors is subject to many known and unknown risks. Known risks include but are not limited to market acceptance or changes in demand for our products and services as these markets evolve over time. Domestic and foreign political and regulatory developments could also make these business opportunities less profitable or even impossible to pursue. We are also investing significant capital resources in constructing a new TimberStrand manufacturing facility, and our ability to realize our projected financial and other benefits of the project is also subject to many known and unknown risks. These include but are not limited to our ability to timely complete construction of the facility, our ability to procure necessary government licenses, approvals and permits, our receipt of certain tax abatement and related financial incentives from state and local governments and the performance of vendors and contractors. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement any one or more of our important strategic growth initiatives in accordance with our expectations or that our initiatives, even if implemented, will lead to successful achievement of our objectives. If we are not able to successfully implement our initiatives, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. We may be unsuccessful in carrying out our acquisition strategy. We intend to strategically pursue acquisitions in all of our business segments when market conditions warrant. As with any investment, our acquisitions may not perform in accordance with our expectations. In addition, we anticipate financing many of these acquisitions through cash from operations, borrowings under our unsecured credit facilities, proceeds from equity or debt offerings or proceeds from strategic asset dispositions, or any combination thereof. Our inability to finance future acquisitions on favorable terms, or at all, could adversely affect our ability to successfully execute strategic acquisitions and thereby adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our joint ventures may pose unique risks. We currently participate in joint venture and other business partnering structures, and we may in the future participate in additional such arrangements with the same or other parties and with varying business objectives and investment terms. We may also increase our capital investment or otherwise expand our interests in existing joint venture arrangements and partnering structures. Any of these arrangements involve risks including, but not limited to, the risk that one or more of our partners, none of which we control, fail to abide by our agreed upon terms or otherwise take actions that are contrary to our interests, policies or objectives, which could adversely affect our ability to achieve our goals and thereby adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK We will be affected by changes in currency exchange rates. We have manufacturing operations in Canada. We are also an exporter and compete with global producers of products very similar to ours. Therefore, we are affected by changes in the strength of the U.S. dollar, particularly relative to the Canadian dollar, euro, yuan and yen, and the strength of the euro relative to the yen. Changes in exchange rates could materially and adversely affect our sales volumes, margins and results of operations. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 36 Table of Contents LEGAL, REGULATORY AND TAX RISKS ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS We could incur substantial costs as a result of compliance with, violations of, or liabilities under applicable environmental laws and other laws and regulations. We are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and wildlife, including those governing: air emissions, wastewater discharges, harvesting, silvicultural activities, including use of pesticides and herbicides, forestry operations and endangered species habitat protection, surface water management, the storage, usage, management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites, landfill operation and closure obligations, building codes and health and safety matters. We have incurred, and we expect to continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations and as a result of remedial obligations, and there can be no assurances that existing accruals for specific matters will be adequate to cover future costs. We also could incur substantial costs, such as civil or criminal fines, sanctions and enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or other remedial actions), cleanup and closure costs, and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws and regulations. As the owner and operator of real estate, we may be liable under environmental laws for cleanup, closure and other damages resulting from the presence and release of hazardous substances on or from our current or former properties or operations. In addition, surface water management regulations may present liabilities and are subject to change. The amount and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and in some cases, our liability may exceed forecasted amounts or the value of the property itself. The discovery of additional contamination or the imposition of additional cleanup obligations at our sites or third-party sites may result in significant additional costs. We also lease some of our properties to third-party operators for the purpose of exploring, extracting, developing and producing oil, gas, rock and other minerals in exchange for fees and royalty payments. These activities are also subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations. These operations may create risk of environmental liabilities for any unlawful discharge of oil, gas or other chemicals into the air, soil or water. Generally, these third-party operators indemnify us against any such liability, and we require that they maintain liability insurance during the term of our lease with them. However, if for any reason our third-party operators are not able to honor their indemnity obligation, or if the required liability insurance were not in effect, then it is possible that we could be deemed responsible for costs associated with environmental liability caused by such third-party operators. Any material liability we incur as a result of activities conducted on our properties by us or by others with whom we have a business relationship could adversely affect our financial condition. We also anticipate public policy developments at the state, federal and international level regarding climate change and energy access, security and competitiveness. As discussed below, we expect these developments to address emission of carbon dioxide, renewable energy and fuel standards, and the monetization of carbon. These developments may also include mandated changes to energy use and building codes which could affect homebuilding practices. Enactment of new environmental laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the interpretation of these laws or regulations, might require significant expenditures. We also anticipate public policy developments at the state, federal and international level regarding taxes and a number of other areas that could require significant expenditures. LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE Governmental response to climate change at the international, federal and state levels may affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. There continue to be numerous international, U.S. federal and state-level initiatives and proposals to address domestic and global climate issues. Within the U.S. and Canada, some of these proposals would regulate and/or tax the production of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases to facilitate the reduction of carbon compound emissions into the atmosphere and provide tax and other incentives to produce and use cleaner energy. Indeed, such regulations have already been passed into law in some Canadian provinces and in Washington state, where we have mill operations. Climate change effects, if they occur, and governmental initiatives, laws and regulations to address potential climate WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 37 Table of Contents concerns, could increase our costs and have a long-term adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations. Future legislation or regulatory activity in this area remains uncertain, and its effect on our operations is unclear at this time. However, climate change legislation or related government mandates, standards or regulations intended to mitigate or reduce carbon compound, greenhouse gas emissions or other climate change effects could have significant adverse effects on our business and operations as well as our ability to achieve our recently announced business goals in emerging carbon credit and carbon storage markets. Any one or more of such new legal requirements and regulations could, for example, significantly increase the costs for our mills to comply with stricter air emissions regulations. They could also limit harvest levels for commercial timberland operators, which could in turn adversely affect our timberland operations as well as potentially lead to significant increases in the cost of energy, wood fiber and other raw materials for our wood products businesses. Any one or more of these developments, as well as other unforeseeable governmental responses to climate change, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. LEGAL MATTERS We are involved in various environmental, regulatory, product liability and other legal matters, disputes and proceedings that, if determined or concluded in a manner adverse to our interests, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We are, from time to time, involved in a number of legal matters, disputes and proceedings (legal matters), some of which involve ongoing litigation. These include, without limitation, legal matters involving environmental clean-up and remediation, warranty and non-warranty product liability claims, regulatory issues, contractual and personal injury claims and other legal matters. In some cases, all or a portion of any loss we experience in connection with any such legal matters will be covered by insurance; in other cases, any such losses will not be covered. The outcome, costs and other effects of current legal matters in which we are involved, and any related insurance recoveries, cannot be determined with certainty. Although the disclosures in Note 13: Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies contain management s current views of the effect such legal matters could have on our financial results, there can be no assurance that the outcome of such legal matters will be as currently expected. It is possible that there could be adverse judgments against us in some or all major litigation matters against us, and that we could be required to take a charge and make cash payments for all or a portion of any related awards of damages. Any one or more of such charges or cash payment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows for the quarter or year in which we record or pay it. REIT STATUS AND TAX IMPLICATIONS If we fail to remain qualified as a REIT, our taxable income would be subject to tax at corporate rates and we would not be able to deduct dividends to shareholders. In any taxable year in which we fail to qualify as a REIT, unless we are entitled to relief under the IRC: We would not be allowed to deduct dividends to shareholders in computing our taxable income. We would be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at applicable corporate rates. We also would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we lost qualification. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC or Code) to our operations and the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions. We closely monitor our compliance with all of the various requirements for maintaining our REIT status. For example, we regularly test our compliance with the general requirement that at least 75 percent of the market value of our total assets consist of REIT-qualifying interests in real property (such as timberlands) and certain other specified qualifying assets, and that no more than 25 percent of the market value of our total assets may consist of assets that are not REIT-qualifying assets. Although we operate in a manner consistent with these REIT qualification rules, we cannot provide assurance that we are or will remain qualified. Certain of our business activities are subject to corporate-level income tax and potentially subject to prohibited transactions tax. Under the IRC, REITs generally must engage in the ownership and management of income producing real estate. For the company, this generally includes owning and managing a timberland portfolio for the production and sale of standing timber. Certain activities that generate non-qualifying REIT income could constitute prohibited transactions. Prohibited transactions are defined by the Internal Revenue Code generally to be sales or other dispositions of property to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. Accordingly, the harvesting and sale of logs, the development or sale of certain timberlands and other real estate, and the manufacture and sale of wood products are conducted through one or more of our wholly-owned TRSs, the net income of which is subject to corporate-level tax. By conducting our business in this manner, we believe that we satisfy the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. However, if the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) were to successfully assert that these or any of our activities conducted at the REIT constituted prohibited transactions, we could be subject to the 100 percent tax on the net income from such activities. The extent of our use of our TRSs may affect our REIT qualification and affect the price of our common shares relative to the share price of other REITs. We conduct a significant portion of our business activities through one or more TRSs. The use of our TRSs enables us to engage in non-REIT qualifying business activities such as the harvesting and sale of logs, manufacture and sale of wood products, and the development and sale of certain higher and better use (HBU) property. Our TRSs are subject to corporate-level income tax. Under the Code, effective January 1, 2026, no WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 38 Table of Contents more than 25 percent (previously 20 percent) of the value of the gross assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. This limitation may affect our ability to increase the size of our TRSs operations. While we intend to monitor the value of our investments in the stock and securities of our TRSs to ensure compliance with the 25 percent limitation, we cannot provide assurance that we will always be able to comply with the limitation so as to maintain REIT status. If we were to exceed the 25 percent limitation, we may be forced to sell or otherwise distribute assets of our TRSs in order to remain a qualified REIT. Furthermore, our use of TRSs may cause the market to value our common shares differently than the shares of other REITs, which may not use TRSs at all, or as extensively as we use them. The failure of either of our two subsidiary REITs to maintain their separate REIT qualification could affect the company s own REIT qualification. The vast majority of our timberlands are held in two subsidiaries that we operate to qualify as REITs. Our western timberlands and related assets are held in a subsidiary that began qualifying as a REIT beginning in the tax year 2022 and our southern timberlands and related assets are held in another subsidiary that began qualifying as a REIT beginning in the tax year 2025. While our ownership interests in these subsidiaries are qualifying real estate assets for purposes of the company s 75 percent asset test described above, any failure of either subsidiary REIT to maintain its own separate REIT status would generally result in the subsidiary being subject to regular U.S. corporate income tax, as described above, and the company s ownership interest in the subsidiary no longer qualifying as a real estate asset for purposes of the 75 percent asset test. If this were to occur, the company s own REIT qualification could be adversely affected. We may be limited in our ability to fund distributions using cash generated through our TRSs. The ability of the company to receive dividends from our TRSs is limited by the rules with which we must comply to maintain our status as a REIT. In particular, at least 75 percent of gross income for each taxable year as a REIT must be derived from real estate sources including sales of our standing timber and other types of qualifying real estate income, and no more than 25 percent of our gross income may consist of dividends from our TRSs and other non-real estate income. This limitation on our ability to receive dividends from our TRSs may affect our ability to fund cash distributions to our shareholders using cash flows from our TRSs. The net income of our TRSs is not required to be distributed, and income of our TRSs that is not distributed to the company will not be subject to the REIT income distribution requirement. To maintain our qualification as a REIT and to avoid an excise tax, we are generally required to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our shareholders. Generally, REITs are required to distribute 90 percent of their ordinary taxable income and (to avoid an excise tax) 95 percent of their net capital gains income. Capital gains may be retained by the REIT but would be subject to corporate income taxes. If capital gains were retained rather than distributed, our shareholders would be deemed to have received a taxable distribution (about which we would notify them), with a credit or refund for any federal income tax paid by the company. We believe that we are not required to distribute material amounts of cash since substantially all of our taxable income is treated as capital gains income. As previously discussed in these Risk Factors, our board of directors, in its sole discretion, determines the amount, timing and frequency of our dividends to shareholders. Changes in tax laws or their interpretation could adversely affect our shareholders and our results of operations. Federal and state tax laws are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS, the United States Department of the Treasury and state taxing authorities. Changes to tax laws could adversely affect our shareholders or increase our effective tax rates. We cannot predict with certainty whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws applicable to us or our shareholders may be changed. U.S. AND INTERNATIONAL TRADE POLICY Recent and future changes in U.S. foreign trade policy and responses from other countries may substantially increase the cost of our products in our export markets as well as increase the cost of imported products and raw materials that we use in our operations. Our ability to conduct business can be significantly affected by changes in tariffs, duties, taxes or customs resulting from changes in U.S. and foreign trade policy. For example, we export logs and finished wood products to foreign markets, including Canada and China, and our ability to do so profitably could be affected by trade disputes that result in tariffs being charged on these products. The U.S. presidential administration has taken multiple actions in 2025 to significantly increase tariffs on foreign imports into the United States, including imports from countries to which we export our products, such as Canada and China. For example, on February 1, 2025, the United States imposed tariffs on imports from Canada, Mexico and China, and on April 2, 2025, the United States announced a universal baseline tariff of 10% on almost all imports, plus additional country-specific tariffs for select trading partners, including China. The rates and effective dates of these tariffs have been adjusted on several occasions since the initial announcements, and certain of these tariffs are subject to legal and other challenges, the outcome of which could further change tariff rates and effective dates. In addition to increasing the cost of the wood products that we export to U.S. markets from our Canadian operations, these policies could result in one or more of our foreign export market jurisdictions adopting retaliatory trade policy that makes it more difficult or costly for us to export our products to those countries including, for example, by increasing tariffs, taxes or duties on our products or by placing significant import restrictions on our products such as onerous and excessive phytosanitary requirements. Several countries, including Canada and China, have imposed retaliatory tariffs, and the imposition of U.S. and foreign tariff regimes is fluid and changing. We could experience reduced revenues and margins in our businesses that are adversely affected by international trade policy or disputes, including the terms of any settlement of such disputes. To the extent such trade policies increase prices, they could also reduce the overall demand for our products in affected markets. Likewise, U.S.-imposed tariffs on imports could also increase our costs for products and raw materials that we use in our operations. We may not be able to pass on those cost increases to our customers, and if WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 39 Table of Contents we do pass on those cost increases to our customers, it could reduce demand for our products. Further, tariff-related disruptions could cause supply chain delays and increase our operational expenses. These changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including facility closures or impairments of assets. We cannot predict future U.S. or foreign trade policy or the terms and conditions of any resolutions or settlements of international trade disputes and their effects on our business, and the evolving landscape of global trade policies, including the potential for further tariff escalations or broader economic impacts, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. OTHER RISKS RISKS RELATED TO OWNING OUR STOCK Our cash dividends are not guaranteed and may fluctuate. Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, determines the amount and timing of our cash dividends to shareholders based on consideration of a number of factors. These factors include, but are not limited to: our results of operations and cash flows; current and forecasted economic conditions; changes in the current or expected prices and demand for our products and the general market demand for timberlands, including those timberland properties that have higher and better uses; current and forecasted harvest levels; balancing various capital allocation priorities and considerations including without limitation the company s capital requirements and debt repayment obligations; various finance considerations, including the company s credit ratings, borrowing capacity, debt covenant restrictions that may impose limitations on cash payments and other related factors and tax considerations. Consequently, the amount, timing and frequency of our dividends, including our quarterly base dividend and annual supplemental dividend, may fluctuate. The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control. The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including without limitation those described above and elsewhere in this report, as well as the following: actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results or our competitors' operating results; announcements by us or our competitors of new products, capacity changes, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments or initiatives; our growth rate and our competitors growth rates; general economic conditions; conditions in the financial markets; market interest rates and the relative yields on other financial instruments; general perceptions and expectations regarding housing markets, interest rates, commodity prices and currencies; changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding us, our competitors or the forest products industry generally, or lack of analyst coverage of our common stock; sales of our common stock by our executive officers, directors and significant shareholders; sales or repurchases of substantial amounts of common stock; fluctuation in the market price of our products (see Product Pricing and Profitability above); changes in accounting principles and changes in tax laws and regulations. In addition, there has been significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of companies, including companies operating in the forest products industry, that often has been unrelated to individual company operating performance. Some companies that have experienced volatile market prices for their securities have had securities litigation brought against them. If litigation of this type is brought against us, it could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources. CAPITAL MARKETS RISKS Deterioration in economic conditions and capital markets could adversely affect our access to capital. Challenging market conditions could impair the company s ability to raise debt or equity capital or otherwise access capital markets on terms acceptable to us, which may, among other effects, reduce our ability to refinance debt maturities or take advantage of growth and expansion opportunities. Moreover, our businesses require substantial capital for repair or replacement of existing facilities or equipment. While we believe our capital resources will be adequate to meet our current projected operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements, if for any reason we are unable to access capital for our operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements on acceptable economic terms, or at all, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. Credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include our operating results and balance sheet, actions that we take, their view of the general outlook for our industry and their view of the general outlook for the economy. Ratings decisions by these agencies include WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 40 Table of Contents maintaining, upgrading or downgrading our current rating, as well as placing the company on a "watch list" for possible future ratings actions. Any downgrade of our credit rating, or decision by a rating agency to place us on a "watch list" for possible future downgrading could have an adverse effect on our ability to access credit markets, increase our cost of financing, and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS AND CYBERSECURITY Risks associated with our Information Technology (IT) systems, including but not limited to security breaches, system failures or other significant disruptions, as well as risks relating to implementation of new IT systems such as delays, cost overruns and platform integration problems, could compromise our data and adversely affect our operations, reported financial results and reputation and thereby expose us to potential liability or litigation. We use IT systems to carry out our operating activities, maintain our business records, and collect and store sensitive data, including but not limited to intellectual property and personally identifiable information. Some of our systems are internally managed and some are maintained by third-party service providers. Although we employ, and we believe our third-party service providers employ, what we deem to be reasonably adequate security measures and controls, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be effective against the risks we face from cyber-attacks, including from: computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists; malicious code (such as malware, viruses and ransomware); an intentional or unintentional personnel action; a natural disaster; a hardware or software corruption, failure or error; a telecommunications system failure or disruption; a service provider failure or error; or any one or more other causes of a security breach, system failure or disruption. The increased prevalence and sophistication of Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools, such as AI-enabled malware, could increase the risks of cyber-attacks to our systems and to those of our third-party service providers. Implementation of new IT systems, including replacement of legacy systems with new or upgraded versions, could also pose a significant risk to us, as any such implementation could involve system failure, potential loss or corruption of our important data, security or internal control failures, delays, cost overruns and disruption to our operations. Although we have, on occasion, experienced cybersecurity threats to our data and IT systems, including phishing attacks, to date no events of this nature have had a material adverse effect on our business or otherwise caused material harm to the company. However, if in the future our IT systems are significantly disrupted, shut down or otherwise compromised for any reason, or if our data is destroyed, misappropriated or inappropriately disclosed, our operations and financial results could be negatively affected. Additionally, we could suffer significant losses or incur significant liabilities, including without limitation damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence or goodwill and significant expenditures of time and money to address and remediate any resulting damages to affected individuals or business partners or to defend ourselves in resulting litigation or other legal proceedings by affected individuals, business partners or regulators. For more information about our cybersecurity program, see Item 1C Cybersecurity . We may experience risks, liabilities or other issues relating to the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in our business. We have recently begun using third-party developed AI tools for internal purposes, such as data and inventory management and sales and logistics optimization. Over time, we may explore the use of AI in additional areas. There can be no assurance that any current or future use of AI or machine learning technologies will achieve desired results, improve efficiency or otherwise benefit our business. AI systems are complex and may not always operate as intended, and could produce inaccurate, incomplete or biased outputs, and ineffective or inadequate AI deployment practices could result in unintended consequences. In addition, our business could be disrupted if any of the AI systems we use become unavailable due to extended outages or interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices. Laws, regulations and industry standards applicable to AI are rapidly evolving and may require us or our third-party providers to incur significant costs to modify or enhance our business practices to comply with such requirements, which may vary across jurisdictions. Furthermore, our competitors or other third parties may adopt AI capabilities more quickly or more effectively than we do, which could adversely affect our ability to compete and affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the use of AI, even in limited internal applications, may give rise to new risks or liabilities, including increased governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation exposure, compliance requirements, ethical considerations and confidentiality or security risks. These risks could, in turn, adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. UNRESOLVED ST AFF COMMENTS There are no unresolved comments that were received from the SEC staff relating to our periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 41 Table of Contents CYBERSECURITY RISK MANAGEMENT Our risk management program includes focused efforts on identifying, assessing and managing cybersecurity risk, including the following: A robust information security training program that requires all company employees with access to our networks to participate in regular and mandatory training on how to be aware of, and help defend against, cyber risks, combined with periodic testing to measure the efficacy of our training efforts. Highlights of our training program include: o At least annual training for company employees who have access to our information systems. o Specialized training for all new hires. o Targeted training for all employees aimed at responding to current and emerging risks and threats using tools such as situational simulations and frequent testing of our employees' ability to identify and appropriately respond to cybersecurity threats. Alignment of our program with the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework to prevent, detect and respond to cyberattacks. Ongoing adoption of a zero trust cybersecurity model. Regular and robust testing of our systems to assess our vulnerability to cyber risk, which includes targeted penetration testing, tabletop incident response exercises, periodic audits of our systems by outside industry experts and regular vulnerability scanning. A third-party cybersecurity risk management process for service providers and vendors who access our systems. Engaging external cybersecurity experts in incident response development and management. Business continuity plans and critical recovery backup systems. Requiring employees and third parties who have access to our systems to treat confidential and private information and data with care. Insurance for damage to property caused by a cyberattack. Our chief information security officer (CISO) is primarily responsible for leading the technical team that assesses and manages cybersecurity risk for the company on a day-to-day basis . He and other members of the cybersecurity team have deep and broad experience and training in cybersecurity management, as well as relevant education and industry recognized certifications in information systems security . CYBERSECURITY INCIDENT RESPONSE PROCESS We maintain and actively update a cybersecurity incident response plan that outlines the steps we take to identify, investigate and take action in response to any potentially material cyber incidents. Our response plan ensures that our Cyber Incident Response Team, which includes our CISO, members of our senior management team and select members of our legal staff, is timely informed of and consulted with respect to any potentially material cyber incidents. BOARD OVERSIGHT OF CYBERSECURITY RISK Members of management, including our CISO, regularly report on the company s cybersecurity matters to both our board s Audit Committee and to the full board , which has primary oversight responsibility in this area, as follows: Our cybersecurity program and risks are specifically discussed at least three times per year (including as part of our discussions regarding enterprise risk management). Our internal audit function s reviews of our information security programs and controls are included in quarterly reports to the Audit Committee . Current information security issues that arise during the year are discussed throughout the year if potentially significant to the company and are discussed with our chairman and Audit Committee chair between board meetings as appropriate. RISK MITIGATION We also manage cybersecurity risk by limiting our threat landscape. For example, we do not store, transmit or process many of the types of data commonly targeted in cyberattacks, such as consumer credit card or financial information, nor do we store or maintain significant proprietary data on our systems. Moreover, our businesses do not involve or represent national infrastructure, the likes of which are common targets of cyber attackers (e.g., energy, oil and gas, transportation, communications and banking and financial systems). We recognize that cyber threats are a permanent part of the risk landscape and that new threats are constantly evolving. For these and other reasons, cybersecurity is a top risk management priority at Weyerhaeuser. Like many companies, we face a number of cybersecurity risks in the day-to-day operation of our business. Although during the three-year period ended December 31, 2025 and to date these risks have not materialized i nto any incident or series of incidents that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the company , its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition or otherwise caused material harm to the company , we have, on occasion, experienced cybersecurity threats to our data and information systems, including phishing attacks. Over this same time period, certain of our vendors and service providers have notified us of cybersecurity incidents involving their own systems and these cybersecurity incidents, likewise, have not materially affected us, our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition or otherwise caused material harm to the company. To date, we have incurred no expenses for penalties or settlements with a WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 42 Table of Contents third party relating to any cybersecurity incidents. For more information about the cybersecurity risks we face, see the risk factor entitled "Information Systems and Cybersecurity" in Item 1A Risk Factors . PROPERTIES Details about our facilities, production capacities and locations are found in the Our Business What We Do section of this report. For details about our Timberlands properties, go to Our Business/What We Do/Timberlands/Where We Do It . For details about our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources properties, go to Our Business/What We Do/Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources/Where We Do It . For details about our Wood Products properties, go to Our Business/What We Do/Wood Products/Where We Do It . LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Refer to Note 13: Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies . SEC regulations require us to disclose certain information about proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental provisions if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions above a stated threshold. In accordance with these regulations, the company uses a threshold of $1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required pursuant to this item. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol WY. As of December 31, 2025, there were 10,555 holders of record of our common shares. INFORMATION ABOUT COMMON SHARE REPURCHASES The following table provides information with respect to purchases of common shares made by the company during fourth quarter 2025: TOTAL NUMBER APPROXIMATE OF SHARES DOLLAR VALUE PURCHASED AS OF SHARES THAT PART OF MAY YET BE PUBLICLY PURCHASED TOTAL NUMBER AVERAGE ANNOUNCED UNDER THE COMMON SHARE REPURCHASES DURING FOURTH OF SHARES PRICE PAID PLANS OR PLANS OR QUARTER 2025 PURCHASED PER SHARE PROGRAMS PROGRAMS October 1 - October 31 $ $ 948,405,098 November 1 - November 30 $ $ 948,405,098 December 1 - December 31 427,576 $ 23.39 427,576 $ 938,405,144 Total 427,576 $ 23.39 427,576 During second quarter 2025, we completed the $1 billion purchase authorization under the share repurchase program approved by the board in September 2021 (the 2021 Repurchase Program). On May 8, 2025, we announced the board approved a new share repurchase program (the 2025 Repurchase Program) under which we are authorized to repurchase up to $1 billion of outstanding shares. Concurrently, the board terminated the completed purchase authorization under the 2021 Repurchase Program. During fourth quarter 2025, we repurchased 427,576 common shares for approximately $10 million (including transaction fees) under the 2025 Repurchase Program in open-market transactions. Transaction fees incurred for repurchases are not counted as use of funds authorized for repurchase under the 2025 Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2025, we had remaining authorization of $938 million for future share repurchases. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 43 Table of Contents COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN Weyerhaeuser Company, S P 500 and S P Global Timber Forestry Index PERFORMANCE GRAPH ASSUMPTIONS Assumes $100 invested on December 31, 2020, in Weyerhaeuser common stock, the S P 500 Index and the S P Global Timber Forestry Index. Total return assumes dividends received are reinvested immediately. Measurement dates are the last trading day of the calendar year shown. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANC IAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (MD A) WHAT YOU WILL FIND IN THIS MD A Our MD A includes the following major sections: economic and market conditions affecting our operations; financial performance summary; results of operations; liquidity and capital resources; environmental matters, legal proceedings and other contingencies; accounting matters and performance and liquidity measures. For Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) related to the year ended December 31, 2023, refer to this same section in our 2024 annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2025. ECONOMIC AND MARKET CONDITIONS AFFECTING OUR OPERATIONS Our market conditions and the strength of the broader U.S. economy are, and will continue to be, influenced by the trajectory of activity in the U.S. housing and repair and remodel segments, inflation trends and interest rates. The demand for sawlogs within our Timberlands segment is directly affected by domestic production of wood-based building products. The strength of the U.S. housing market, particularly new residential construction, strongly affects demand in our Wood Products segment, as does repair and remodeling activity. Seasonal weather patterns impact the level of construction activity in the U.S., which in turn affects demand for our logs and wood products. Our Timberlands segment, particularly the Western region, is also 