Item 1A for risks and uncertainties related to strategic and sustainability goals and objectives. Zero-Carbon Electricity by 2050 Xcel Energy s operating footprint includes some of the best wind and solar resources in the country, providing for higher capacity factors and lower electricity costs. Xcel Energy s wind capacity is now approximately 11,000 MW, including nearly 4,500 MW of owned wind. In 2025, we completed the second phase of our Sherco Solar project in Minnesota, with a third phase coming online in 2026, making it the largest solar facility in the upper Midwest. We are also proposing to add a fourth phase, which would bring the facility s total generating capacity to 910 MW by 2029, providing enough clean energy to power 190,000 homes across the upper Midwest. In our base 2026 - 2030 capital investment plan, we have ~9,500 MW of new and repowered wind, solar, and battery storage resources included and ~3,000 MW of new natural gas generation to ensure reliability. Through 2025, we reduced carbon emissions from generation serving customers by an estimated 58% (from 2005 levels) and remain on track to fully exit coal by the end of 2030. Natural Gas Use in Buildings Net-Zero GHG by 2050 Xcel Energy continues on the path to achieve our 2050 goal to provide net-zero natural gas service to our customers. Our net-zero natural gas frameworks include the following priorities: Operating a safe, reliable gas system with net-zero methane gas service by 2030. Optimizing the energy system with voluntary electrification-first approaches for new growth. Providing customers with a portfolio of energy solutions while ensuring we meet requirements of our regulators. Electrification of the Transportation Sector We are also helping reduce carbon emissions in other sectors, including transportation. By 2035, Xcel Energy aims to enable the charging infrastructure for 1.5 million electric vehicles across the areas we serve. We have approved clean transportation programs and plans in Colorado, New Mexico, Minnesota and Wisconsin. Wildfire Resiliency and Mitigation Protecting our customers and our system from the threats of extreme weather is a top priority for Xcel Energy. In 2025, we received commission approvals from both the Colorado and Texas commissions for our wildfire mitigation and system resiliency plans, as well as have public facing wildfire mitigation plans in each of our states. This includes investments in advanced camera and weather station technologies, enhanced powerline safety setting installations, pole inspections and replacements, and operational measures such as wildfire safety operations and public safety power shutoffs. In 2025, supportive utility wildfire legislation also passed in Texas and North Dakota, and we continue to explore similar structures in our other states. 7 Table of Contents Utility Subsidiaries NSP-Minnesota Electric customers 1.6 million NSP-Minnesota conducts business in Minnesota, North Dakota and South Dakota and has electric operations in all three states including the generation, purchase, transmission, distribution and sale of electricity. NSP-Minnesota and NSP-Wisconsin electric operations are managed on the NSP System. NSP-Minnesota also purchases, transports, distributes and sells natural gas to retail customers and transports customer-owned natural gas in Minnesota and North Dakota. Natural gas customers 0.6 million Total assets $31.0 billion Rate Base (estimated) $19.4 billion GAAP ROE 9.19% Electric generating capacity (owned) 8,700 MW Gas storage capacity 16.9 Bcf Electric transmission lines (conductor miles) 34,000 miles Electric distribution lines (conductor miles) 87,000 miles Natural gas transmission lines 78 miles Natural gas distribution lines 11,000 miles NSP-Wisconsin Electric customers 0.3 million NSP-Wisconsin conducts business in Wisconsin and Michigan and generates, purchases, transmits, distributes and sells electricity. NSP-Minnesota and NSP-Wisconsin electric operations are managed on the NSP System. NSP-Wisconsin also purchases, transports, distributes and sells natural gas to retail customers and transports customer-owned natural gas. Natural gas customers 0.1 million Total assets $4.7 billion Rate Base (estimated) $3.5 billion GAAP ROE 9.09% Electric generating capacity (owned) 500 MW Gas storage capacity 4.3 Bcf Electric transmission lines (conductor miles) 12,000 miles Electric distribution lines (conductor miles) 29,000 miles Natural gas transmission lines 3 miles Natural gas distribution lines 3,000 miles PSCo Electric customers 1.6 million PSCo conducts business in Colorado and generates, purchases, transmits, distributes and sells electricity. PSCo also purchases, transports, distributes and sells natural gas to retail customers and transports customer-owned natural gas. Natural gas customers 1.5 million Total assets $31.8 billion Rate Base (estimated) $23.8 billion GAAP ROE 5.66% Ongoing ROE (See Item 7) 7.55% Electric generating capacity (owned) 6,500 MW Gas storage capacity 32.1 Bcf Electric transmission lines (conductor miles) 27,000 miles Electric distribution lines (conductor miles) 84,000 miles Natural gas transmission lines 2,000 miles Natural gas distribution lines 24,000 miles SPS SPS conducts business in Texas and New Mexico and generates, purchases, transmits, distributes and sells electricity. Electric customers 0.4 million Total assets $12.0 billion Rate Base (estimated) $9.1 billion GAAP ROE 8.70% Electric generating capacity (owned) 5,100 MW Electric transmission lines (conductor miles) 41,000 miles Electric distribution lines (conductor miles) 25,000 miles 8 Table of Contents Operations Overview Utility operations are generally conducted as either electric or gas utilities in our four utility subsidiaries. Electric Operations Electric operations consist of energy supply, generation, transmission and distribution activities across all four utility subsidiaries. Xcel Energy had electric sales volume of 109,401 (millions of KWh), 3.9 million customers and electric revenues of $12,160 million for 2025. Electric Operations (percentage of total) Sales Volume Number of Customers Revenues Residential 24 % 86 % 32 % C I 61 12 49 Other 15 2 19 Retail Sales/Revenue Statistics (a) 2025 2024 KWh sales per retail customer 24,177 23,908 Revenue per retail customer $ 2,568 $ 2,357 Residential revenue per KWh 14.91 13.82 C I revenue per KWh 8.87 8.24 Total retail revenue per KWh 10.62 9.86 (a) See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. Owned and Purchased Energy Generation 2025 Electric Energy Sources Total electric energy generation by source for the year ended Dec. 31: 9 Table of Contents Carbon-Free Xcel Energy s carbon-free energy portfolio includes wind, nuclear, hydroelectric, biomass and solar power from both owned generation facilities and PPAs. Carbon-free percentages will vary year-over-year based on system additions, commodity costs, weather, system demand and transmission constraints. See Item 2 Properties for further information. Wind Wind capacity is shown as net maximum capacity. Net maximum capacity is attainable only when wind conditions are sufficiently available. Owned Owned and operated wind farms with corresponding capacity: Utility Subsidiary 2025 2024 Wind Farms Capacity (MW) Wind Farms Capacity (MW) NSP System 17 2,451 17 2,445 PSCo 2 1,059 2 1,059 SPS 2 986 2 985 Total 21 4,496 21 4,489 PPAs Number of PPAs with capacity range: Utility Subsidiary 2025 2024 PPAs Range (MW) PPAs Range (MW) NSP System 95 1 206 116 1 206 PSCo 16 23 301 16 23 301 SPS 15 1 250 16 1 250 PPAs Contracted wind capacity (MW) for PPAs: Utility Subsidiary 2025 2024 NSP System 2,026 2,061 PSCo 2,996 2,996 SPS 1,482 1,562 Average Cost Average cost per MWh of wind energy from owned generation and existing PPAs: Type Utility Subsidiary 2025 2024 Owned Generation (a) NSP System $ 6 $ 7 PPA NSP System 33 32 Owned Generation (a) PSCo 2 4 PPA PSCo 44 43 Owned Generation (a) SPS 3 1 PPA SPS 27 28 (a) Includes the impact of PTCs. Solar Owned Owned and operated solar projects with corresponding capacity: Utility Subsidiary 2025 2024 Solar Projects Capacity (MW) Solar Projects Capacity (MW) NSP System 1 460 1 223 PSCo 1 325 Total 2 785 1 223 PPAs Solar PPAs capacity by type: Type Utility Subsidiary Capacity (MW) Distributed Generation NSP System 1,405 Utility-Scale NSP System 454 Distributed Generation PSCo 1,184 Utility-Scale (a) PSCo 1,530 Distributed Generation SPS 57 Utility-Scale SPS 192 Total 4,822 (a) Includes battery storage capacity of 225 MW. Average Cost Average cost per MWh of solar energy under existing distributed and utility-scale generation PPAs: Type Utility Subsidiary 2025 2024 Owned Generation (a) (b) NSP System $ 54 N/A PPA NSP System 97 100 PPA PSCo 31 31 PPA SPS 69 68 (a) Average cost per MWh includes projects placed in service in 2024. For projects placed in service in 2025, cost per MWh will be available after a full year of operations. (b) Includes the impact of PTCs. Nuclear Xcel Energy has two nuclear plants with approximately 1,700 MW of total 2025 net summer dependable capacity that safely and reliably generates carbon free electricity for the NSP System. Xcel Energy secures contracts for uranium concentrates, uranium conversion, uranium enrichment and fuel fabrication to operate its nuclear plants. We use varying contract lengths as well as multiple producers for uranium concentrates, conversion services and enrichment services to minimize potential impacts caused by supply interruptions due to geographical and world political issues. Nuclear Fuel Cost Delivered cost per MMBtu of nuclear fuel consumed for owned electric generation and the percentage of total fuel requirements (nuclear, natural gas and coal): Utility Subsidiary Nuclear NSP System Cost Percent 2025 $ 0.82 54 % 2024 $ 0.83 43 % Other Xcel Energy s other carbon-free energy portfolio includes hydro from owned generating facilities. See Item 2 Properties for further information. Fossil Fuel Xcel Energy s fossil fuel energy portfolio includes coal and natural gas power from both owned generating facilities and PPAs. Coal Xcel Energy owned and operated coal units with approximately 4,500 MW of total 2025 net summer dependable capacity. This amount includes the coal unit at Pawnee, which is in the process of being converted to natural gas (net summer dependable capacity of 505 MW) and approximately 100 MW derived from RDF and wood fuel sources. 10 Table of Contents Xcel Energy has plans to retire or convert to natural gas all of its existing coal generation by the end of 2030. Approved early coal plant retirements: Year Utility Subsidiary Plant Unit Capacity (MW) 2026 PSCo Craig 1 (a) 42 (b) 2026 PSCo Comanche 2 (c) 330 2026 NSP-Minnesota Sherco 1 680 2027 PSCo Hayden 2 98 (b) 2028 PSCo Hayden 1 135 (b) 2028 PSCo Craig 2 40 (b) 2028 NSP-Minnesota A.S. King 511 2028 SPS Tolk 1 532 2028 SPS Tolk 2 535 2030 NSP-Minnesota Sherco 3 517 (b) 2030 PSCo Comanche 3 500 (b) (a) In December 2025, the DOE issued an emergency order pursuant to section 202(c) of the Federal Power Act to Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association and other co-owners including Xcel Energy directing the co-owners to take all measures necessary to ensure that Unit 1 at the Craig Station in Craig, Colorado is available to operate. This order is in effect from December 30, 2025 through March 30, 2026. PSCo is working with Tri-State and the other partners in complying with the order. (b) Based on Xcel Energy s ownership interest. (c) In December 2025, the CPUC issued a decision approving a variance that allows for the continued operation of Comanche Unit 2 in 2026, past the previously established retirement date of Dec. 31, 2025. The decision was issued in response to a joint petition filed by the trial staff of the CPUC, the Colorado Energy Office, the Colorado Office of the Utility Consumer Advocate, and PSCo seeking to modify the Comanche Unit 2 retirement date. PSCo also entered into an agreement with the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment that establishes compliance obligations for continued operation of the unit through 2026. Coal Fuel Cost Delivered cost per MMBtu of coal consumed for owned electric generation and the percentage of fuel requirements (nuclear, natural gas and coal): Coal (a) Utility Subsidiary Cost Percent NSP System 2025 $ 1.97 31 % 2024 2.24 22 PSCo 2025 1.71 42 2024 1.91 44 SPS 2025 2.95 21 2024 2.87 34 (a) Includes RDF and wood for the NSP System. Natural Gas Xcel Energy owned and operated natural gas plants with approximately 9,000 MW of total 2025 net summer dependable capacity. Natural gas supplies, transportation and storage services for power plants are procured to provide an adequate supply of fuel. Remaining requirements are procured through a liquid spot market. Generally, natural gas supply contracts have variable pricing that is tied to natural gas indices. Natural gas supply and transportation agreements include obligations for the purchase and/or delivery of specified volumes or payments in lieu of delivery. Natural Gas Cost Delivered cost per MMBtu of natural gas consumed for owned electric generation and the percentage of total fuel requirements (nuclear, natural gas and coal): Natural Gas Utility Subsidiary Cost Percent NSP System 2025 $ 4.46 15 % 2024 1.94 35 PSCo 2025 3.63 58 2024 2.77 56 SPS 2025 1.99 79 2024 0.94 66 Capacity and Demand Uninterrupted system peak demand and occurrence date: 2025 2024 Utility Subsidiary MW Date MW Date NSP System 8,445 July 15 8,822 Aug. 26 PSCo 7,010 July 28 7,084 Aug. 1 SPS 4,519 Aug. 8 4,437 Aug. 19 Transmission Transmission lines deliver electricity at high voltages and over long distances from power sources to substations closer to customers. A strong transmission system ensures continued reliable and affordable service, ability to meet state and regional energy policy goals, and support for a diverse generation mix, including renewable energy. Xcel Energy owns approximately 115,000 conductor miles of transmission lines across its service territory. See Item 2 - Properties for further information. Distribution Distribution lines allow electricity to travel at lower voltages from substations directly to customers. Xcel Energy has a vast distribution network, owning and operating approximately 225,000 conductor miles of distribution lines across our eight-state service territory. See Item 2 - Properties for further information. Natural Gas Operations Natural gas operations consist of purchase, transportation and distribution of natural gas to end-use residential, C I and transport customers in NSP-Minnesota, NSP-Wisconsin and PSCo. Xcel Energy had natural gas deliveries of 400,982 (thousands of MMBtu), 2.2 million customers and natural gas revenues of $2,452 million for 2025. Natural Gas (percentage of total) Deliveries Number of Customers Revenues Residential 35 % 92 % 58 % C I 24 8 30 Transportation and other 41 1 12 11 Table of Contents Sales/Revenue Statistics (a)(b) 2025 2024 MMBtu sales per retail customer 108 105 Revenue per retail customer $ 981 $ 896 Residential revenue per MMBtu 10.02 9.48 C I revenue per MMBtu 7.78 7.04 Transportation and other revenue per MMBtu 1.06 1.10 (a) See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. (b) Fluctuations in natural gas revenues associated with changes in natural gas sold and transported generally do not significantly impact earnings. Capability and Demand Natural gas supply requirements are categorized as firm or interruptible. Maximum daily output (firm and interruptible) and occurrence date: 2025 2024 Utility Subsidiary MMBtu Date MMBtu Date NSP-Minnesota 927,557 Dec. 12 841,164 Jan. 19 NSP-Wisconsin 177,201 Jan. 20 163,246 Jan.17 PSCo 2,148,039 Jan. 20 2,357,931 Jan.15 Natural Gas Supply and Cost Xcel Energy seeks natural gas supply, transportation and storage alternatives to yield a diversified portfolio, which increases flexibility and decreases interruption, financial risks and customer rates. In addition, the utility subsidiaries conduct natural gas price hedging activities approved by their states commissions. Average delivered cost per MMBtu of natural gas for regulated retail distribution: Utility Subsidiary 2025 2024 NSP-Minnesota $ 4.31 $ 3.97 NSP-Wisconsin 4.31 3.77 PSCo 3.68 3.36 NSP-Minnesota, NSP-Wisconsin and PSCo have natural gas supply transportation and storage agreements that include obligations for purchase and/or delivery of specified volumes or to make payments in lieu of delivery. General General Economic Conditions Economic conditions may have a material impact on Xcel Energy s operating results. Management cannot predict the impact of fluctuating energy or commodity prices, pandemics, terrorist activity, war or the threat of war. We could experience a material impact to our results of operations, future growth or ability to raise capital resulting from a sustained general slowdown in economic growth or a significant increase in interest rates or inflation. Seasonality Demand for electric power and natural gas is affected by seasonal differences in the weather. In general, peak sales of electricity occur in the summer months and peak sales of natural gas occur in the winter months. As a result, the overall operating results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. Additionally, Xcel Energy s operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer. Sales true-up and decoupling mechanisms mitigate the impacts of weather in certain jurisdictions. Competition Xcel Energy is subject to public policies that promote competition and development of energy markets. Xcel Energy s industrial and large commercial customers have the ability to generate their own electricity. In addition, customers may have the option of substituting other fuels or relocating their facilities to a lower cost region. Customers have the opportunity to supply their own power with distributed generation including solar generation and can currently avoid paying for most of the fixed production, transmission and distribution costs incurred to serve them in most jurisdictions. Several states have incentives for the development of rooftop solar, community solar gardens and other distributed energy resources. Distributed generating resources are potential competitors to Xcel Energy s electric service business with these incentives and federal tax subsidies. The FERC has continued to promote competitive wholesale markets through open access transmission and other means. Xcel Energy s wholesale customers can purchase energy from other generation resources and transmission services from other service providers to serve their native load. FERC Order No. 1000 established competition for ownership of certain new electric transmission facilities under Federal regulations. Some states have state laws that allow the incumbent a Right of First Refusal to own these transmission facilities. FERC Order 2222 requires that RTO and ISO markets allow participation of aggregations of distributed energy resources. This order is expected to incentivize distributed energy resource adoption, however implementation is expected to vary by RTO/ISO and the near, medium, and long-term impacts of Order 2222 remain unclear. Xcel Energy Inc. s utility subsidiaries have franchise agreements with cities subject to periodic renewal; however, a city could seek alternative means to access electric power or gas, such as municipalization. No municipalization activities are occurring presently. While each utility subsidiary faces these challenges, Xcel Energy believes their rates and services are competitive with alternatives currently available. Governmental Regulations Public Utility Regulation See Item 7 for discussion of public utility regulation. Environmental Regulation Our facilities are regulated by federal and state agencies that have jurisdiction over air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous wastes or substances. Certain Xcel Energy activities require registrations, permits, licenses, inspections and approvals from these agencies. 12 Table of Contents Xcel Energy has received necessary authorizations for the construction and continued operation of its generation, transmission and distribution systems. Our facilities strive to operate in compliance with applicable environmental standards and related monitoring and reporting requirements. There are significant environmental regulations to encourage use of clean energy technologies and regulate emissions of GHGs. We have undertaken numerous initiatives to meet current requirements and prepare for potential future regulations, reduce GHG emissions and respond to state renewable and energy efficiency goals. Future environmental regulations may result in substantial costs. However, costs to comply with past environmental regulations have largely been recoverable through rates. Emerging Environmental Regulation Throughout 2025, the EPA has announced various regulatory actions addressing a wide range of environmental regulations. Xcel Energy will continue to monitor these proposed rules as they move toward final action. Additionally, any other amendments and changes to rules will be evaluated as proposed by the EPA. Clean Air Act Power Plant Greenhouse Gas Regulations In April 2024, the EPA published final rules addressing control of CO 2 emissions from the power sector. The rules regulate new natural gas generating units and emission guidelines for existing coal and certain natural gas generation. Based on current estimates and assumptions, Xcel Energy has determined that due to scheduled plant retirements, there is minimal financial or operational impact associated with these requirements and believes that the cost of these initiatives or replacement generation would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. In June 2025, the EPA proposed to repeal these and all other GHG emissions standards for the power sector. In the alternative, the EPA proposed to repeal a narrower subset of the 2024 regulations. In February 2026, the EPA issued a final rule repealing the 2009 Endangerment Finding and associated regulations addressing GHG emissions from the transportation sector under the Clean Air Act. Xcel Energy will monitor any additional proposed rules and evaluate the impacts of any final rule on the utility sector. Waste-to-Energy Air Regulations In January 2024, the EPA proposed air regulations addressing new and existing large municipal waste combustors. The proposed rules lower current emission standards for certain pollutants and would require installation of new pollution controls and/or more intense use of existing pollution controls at French Island Generating Station, Red Wing Generating Plant and Wilmarth Generating Plant. Until final rules are issued, it is not certain what the impact will be on Xcel Energy. Xcel Energy believes that the cost of these initiatives or replacement generation would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. Regional Haze In July 2025, the EPA proposed to partially approve and partially disapprove the 2022 Colorado SIP revision implementing the Regional Haze rule in Colorado. The proposal sought to remove mandatory retirement dates as enforceable provisions in the SIP. In January 2026, the EPA issued a final rule fully disapproving the 2022 Colorado SIP revision, thereby removing the mandatory retirement dates. The removal of the retirement dates from a federally approved SIP would only impact whether the SIP provisions become federally enforceable. Colorado has a state regulation that reflects the SIP requirements, including retirement dates for Cherokee Unit 4, Comanche Unit 2, Craig Units 1 and 2, and Hayden Units 1 and 2 at a state level and would require amendment to modify or remove retirement dates. Emerging Contaminants of Concern PFAS are man-made chemicals that are widely used in consumer products and can persist and bio-accumulate in the environment. Xcel Energy does not manufacture PFAS, but because PFAS are so ubiquitous in products and the environment, it may impact our operations. In June 2024, the EPA finalized a rule that designated certain PFAS as hazardous substances under CERCLA. In July 2024, the EPA finalized another rule that set enforceable drinking water standards for certain PFAS. Potential costs for these rules and any additional proposed regulations related to PFAS are uncertain and will be determined on a site specific basis where applicable. If costs are incurred, Xcel Energy believes the costs will be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. Effluent Limitation Guidelines In April 2024, the EPA published final rules under the Clean Water Act, setting Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for steam generating coal plants. This rule establishes more stringent wastewater discharge standards for bottom ash transport water, flue-gas desulfurization wastewater, and combustion residuals leachate from steam electric power plants, particularly coal-fired power plants. Based on current estimates and assumptions, Xcel Energy has determined that there is minimal financial or operational impact associated with these requirements and that any costs would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. Environmental Costs Environmental costs include amounts for nuclear plant decommissioning and payments for storage of spent nuclear fuel, disposal of hazardous materials and waste, remediation of contaminated sites, monitoring of discharges to the environment and compliance with laws and permits with respect to emissions. Costs charged to operating expenses for spent nuclear fuel disposal, environmental monitoring and remediation and disposal of hazardous materials and waste and depreciation of previously incurred capital expenditures for environmental improvements were approximately: $280 million in 2025. $290 million in 2024. $275 million in 2023. Average annual expense of approximately $295 million from 2026 2030 is estimated for similar costs. The precise timing and amount of environmental costs, including those for site remediation and disposal of hazardous materials, are unknown. Additionally, the extent to which environmental costs will be recovered through rates may fluctuate. Capital expenditures for environmental improvements were approximately: $35 million in 2025. $25 million in 2024. $20 million in 2023. 13 Table of Contents Certain previously collected nuclear storage costs for the federal nuclear waste program are reimbursed to customers by the federal government as a result of a settlement we pursued regarding the government s failure to deliver a disposal program. Installments received are reimbursed to customers as approved by the MPUC and other state regulators. Other Our operations are subject to workplace safety standards under the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 ( OSHA ) and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of worker health and safety. In addition, the Company is subject to other government regulations impacting such matters as labor, competition, data privacy, etc. Based on information to date and because our policies and business practices are designed to comply with all applicable laws, we do not believe the effects of compliance on our operations, financial condition or cash flows are material. Capital Spending and Financing See Item 7 for discussion of capital expenditures and funding sources. Information about our Executive Officers (a) Name Age Current and Recent Positions Time in Position Robert C. Frenzel 55 Chairman of the Board of Directors, Xcel Energy Inc. December 2021 Present President and Chief Executive Officer and Director, Xcel Energy Inc. August 2021 Present Chief Executive Officer, NSP-Minnesota, NSP-Wisconsin, PSCo and SPS August 2021 Present President and Chief Operating Officer, Xcel Energy Inc. March 2020 August 2021 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Xcel Energy Inc. May 2016 March 2020 Patricia Correa 52 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, Xcel Energy Inc. February 2022 Present Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Eaton Corporation, a power management company July 2019 January 2022 Michael Lamb 61 Executive Vice President, Chief Delivery Officer Xcel Energy Inc. May 2025 Present Senior Vice President, Customer Delivery, Xcel Energy Inc. September 2024 April 2025 Senior Vice President, Distribution and Gas, Xcel Energy Inc. June 2023 August 2024 Senior Vice President, Transmission, Xcel Energy Inc. April 2018 May 2023 Mr. Lamb has been with Xcel Energy since 1985 Ryan Long 41 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Compliance Officer, Xcel Energy Inc. June 2025 Present Interim President, NSP-Minnesota June 2025 October 2025 President, NSP-Minnesota January 2024 June 2025 Interim General Counsel, Xcel Energy Inc. October 2023 January 2024 Vice President, Deputy General Counsel, Xcel Energy Services Inc. May 2021 October 2023 Managing Attorney, Xcel Energy Services Inc. June 2020 May 2021 Mr. Long has been with Xcel Energy since 2015 Amanda Rome 45 Executive Vice President, Group President, Utilities, and Chief Customer Officer, Xcel Energy Inc. October 2023 Present Interim General Counsel, Xcel Energy Inc. January 2024 May 2024 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Compliance Officer, Xcel Energy Inc. June 2022 October 2023 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Xcel Energy Inc. June 2020 June 2022 Ms. Rome has been with Xcel Energy since 2015 Scott Sharp 57 Executive Vice President, Chief Generation Officer, Xcel Energy Inc. May 2025 Present Senior Vice President, Energy Supply and Commercial Operations, Xcel Energy Inc. April 2023 April 2025 Vice President, Energy Supply Operations, Xcel Energy Inc. October 2020 April 2023 Mr. Sharp has been with Xcel Energy since 2014 Brian J. Van Abel 44 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Xcel Energy Inc. March 2020 Present Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development, Xcel Energy Services Inc. September 2018 March 2020 Mr. Van Abel has been with Xcel Energy since 2010 (a) No family relationships exist between any of the executive officers or directors. 14 Table of Contents ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS Xcel Energy is subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control. Risks that may adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows are described below. Although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. These risks should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and future reports that Xcel Energy files with the SEC. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future. Risks Associated with Our Business Operational Risks Our natural gas and electric generation/transmission and distribution operations involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs. Our natural gas transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, explosions, outages and mechanical problems. Our electric generation, transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks such as contact, fire and outages. These risks could result in loss of life, significant property damage, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial financial losses to customers, the public, employees or third-party contractors. We maintain insurance against most, but not all, of these risks and losses. The occurrence of these events, if not fully covered by insurance, could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as well as potential reputational impact. Additionally, compliance with existing and potential new regulations related to the operation and maintenance of our natural gas infrastructure could result in significant costs. The PHMSA is responsible for administering the DOT s national regulatory program to assure the safe transportation of natural gas, petroleum and other hazardous materials by pipelines. The PHMSA continues to develop regulations and other approaches to risk management to assure safety in design, construction, testing, operation, maintenance and emergency response of natural gas pipeline infrastructure. We have programs in place to comply with these regulations, however, a significant incident or material finding of non-compliance could result in penalties and higher costs of operations. Our natural gas and electric transmission and distribution operations are dependent upon complex information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could disrupt our normal business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to process transactions and provide services. Other uncertainties and risks inherent in operating and maintaining Xcel Energy's facilities include, but are not limited to: Risks associated with facility start-up operations, such as whether the facility will achieve projected operating performance on schedule and otherwise as planned. Failures in the availability, acquisition or transportation of fuel or other supplies. Impact of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including, wildfires, tornadoes, avalanches, icing events, floods, high winds, droughts and the availability or changes to wind patterns. Performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency. Availability of replacement or new equipment. Availability of adequate water resources and ability to satisfy water intake and discharge requirements. Inability to identify, manage properly or mitigate equipment defects. Use of new or unproven technology. Inability to use information effectively given the rapidly increasing volume of data. Risks associated with dependence on a specific type of fuel or fuel source, such as commodity price risk, availability of adequate fuel supply and transportation and lack of available alternative fuel sources. Risks associated with increased reliance on natural gas generation, including gas price volatility and supply constraints during extreme weather events. Increased competition due to, among other factors, new facilities, excess supply, shifting demand and regulatory changes. Risks of thermal runaway incidents associated with large battery storage facilities Risks associated with aging infrastructure. Risks associated with failures of other business processes and systems. Risks associated with regulatory requirements that may extend the operation of our coal facilities beyond planned retirement dates and require additional investments. Inability to deliver energy across transmission facilities, including due to congestion, outages, extreme weather, physical or cyber events, delays in construction or upgrades, permitting or siting challenges, or interconnection constraints. Our utility operations, resource adequacy and system reliability are subject to long-term planning and project risks. Our ability to reliably serve customer demand depends on the availability of sufficient generation and capacity resources. Changes in load growth, resource retirements, accreditation of resources, generation performance, extreme weather events, or delays in development or delivery of new resources, including the necessary transmission infrastructure, could affect resource adequacy and system reliability. 15 Table of Contents Most utility investments are planned to be used for decades. Transmission and generation investments typically have long lead times and are planned well in advance of in-service dates and typically subject to long-term resource plans. These plans are based on numerous assumptions such as: sales growth, customer usage, commodity prices, economic activity, costs, regulatory mechanisms, customer behavior, available technology, equipment availability and public policy. Xcel Energy s long-term resource plan is dependent on our ability to obtain required approvals (including regulatory approval in jurisdictions where Xcel Energy operates), develop necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources and adhere to budgets and timelines. In addition, the long-term nature of both our planning processes and our asset lives are subject to risk. The utility sector is undergoing significant change (e.g., the addition of large loads, increases in energy efficiency, wider adoption of distributed generation and shifts away from fossil fuel generation to renewable generation). Customer adoption of these technologies and increased energy efficiency or other reductions in expected sales growth could result in excess transmission and generation resources, downward pressure on sales growth, and potentially stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments. Additionally, increasing uncertainty surrounding federal policy to renewable deployment could negatively impact wind, solar and storage development. The magnitude and timing of resource additions and changes in customer demand may not coincide with evolving customer preference for generation resources and end-uses, which introduces further uncertainty into long-term planning. Efforts to electrify the transportation and building sectors to reduce GHG emissions may result in higher electric demand and lower natural gas demand over time. New data centers and crypto mining facilities could generate significant increase in demand. Higher electric demand may require us to adopt new technologies and make significant generation, transmission and distribution investments including advanced grid infrastructure, which increases exposure to overall grid instability and technology obsolescence. Enterprise level financial and customer billing technology systems may be unable to support the increasing customer complexity. Evolving stakeholder preference for lower emissions from generation sources and end-uses, like heating, may impact our resource mix and put pressure on our ability to recover capital investments in natural gas generation and delivery. Multiple states may not agree as to the appropriate resource mix, which may lead to costs to comply with one jurisdiction that are not recoverable across all jurisdictions served by the same assets. We require inputs such as coal, natural gas, uranium and water. Lack of availability of these resources could jeopardize long-term operations of our facilities or make them uneconomic to operate. Our utilities are highly dependent on suppliers to deliver components in accordance with short and long-term project schedules. Our products contain components that are globally sourced from suppliers. A shortage of key components in which an alternative supplier is not identified could significantly impact operations and project plans for Xcel Energy and our customers. Such impacts could include timing of projects and the potential for project cancellation. Failure to adhere to project budgets and timelines could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change and other weather, natural disaster and resource depletion impacts. Climate change can create physical and financial risk. Physical risks include changes in weather conditions and extreme weather events. Our customers energy needs vary with weather. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers energy use could increase or decrease. Increased energy use due to weather changes over the long-term may require us to invest in generating assets, transmission and infrastructure. Decreased energy use due to weather changes may result in decreased revenues. Severe weather impacts our service territories, primarily when thunderstorms, flooding, tornadoes, wildfires, snow, ice storms or extreme temperatures (high heating/cooling days) occur. Extreme weather conditions in general require system backup and can contribute to increased system stress, including service interruptions. Extreme weather conditions creating high energy demand may raise electricity prices, increasing the cost of energy we provide to our customers. To the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service and result in more frequent service interruptions. Periods of extreme temperatures could also impact our ability to meet demand. Drought or water depletion could adversely impact our ability to provide electricity to customers, cause early retirement of power plants that require water or increase the cost for energy. Adverse events may result in increased insurance costs and/or decreased insurance availability. We may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks. Our utilities have significant risks associated with wildfires. In recent years, wildfires have impacted the utility industry. More frequent and severe drought conditions, extreme swings in amount and timing of precipitation, changes in availability of vegetation, unseasonably warm temperatures, very low humidity, stronger winds and other environmental factors have increased both the frequency and duration of fire weather conditions and the potential impact of an event. The expansion of the wildland urban interface increases the wildfire risk to surrounding communities and Xcel Energy's electric and natural gas infrastructure. Also, wildfires could jeopardize Xcel Energy s electric and gas infrastructure and third-party property and result in temporary power outages or shortages in our service territories. Our current wildfire mitigation initiatives may not be effective in preventing or reducing ignitions and wildfire-related losses. Other potential risks associated with wildfires and other climate events include the inability to secure sufficient insurance coverage, increased costs of insurance, or ability for insurers to meet their obligations, regulatory recovery risk, and the potential for a credit downgrade and subsequent additional costs to access capital markets. While we carry liability insurance, given an extreme event, damage amounts could exceed our coverage (as experienced with the Marshall Wildfire settlement in 2025) and negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 16 Table of Contents We are subject to commodity risks and other risks associated with energy markets and energy production. A significant increase in fuel costs could cause a decline in customer demand, adverse regulatory outcomes and an increase in bad debt expense which may have a material impact on our results of operations. Despite existing fuel cost recovery mechanisms in most of our states, higher fuel costs could significantly impact our results of operations if costs are not recovered. Delays in the timing of the collection of fuel cost recoveries could impact our cash flows and liquidity. A significant disruption in supply could cause us to seek alternatives at potentially higher costs. Additionally, supply shortages may not be fully resolved, which negatively impacts our ability to provide services to our customers. Failure to provide service due to disruptions may also result in fines, penalties or cost disallowances through the regulatory process. We also engage in wholesale sales and purchases of electric capacity, energy and energy-related products as well as natural gas. In many markets, emission allowances and/or RECs are also needed to comply with various statutes and commission rulings. As a result, we are subject to market supply and commodity price risk. Commodity price changes can affect the value of our commodity trading derivatives. We mark certain derivatives to estimated fair market value on a daily basis. Settlements can vary significantly from estimated fair values recorded and significant changes from the assumptions underlying our fair value estimates could cause earnings variability. The management of risks associated with hedging and trading is based, in part, on programs and procedures which utilize historical prices and trends. Public perception often does not distinguish between pass through commodity costs and base rates. High commodity prices that are passed through to customer bills could impact our ability to recover costs for other improvements and operations. Additionally, due to the uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing, our risk management programs may not be effective to protect against significant adverse market fluctuations and our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially impacted. Failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on operations. The competition for talent has become increasingly prevalent, and we have experienced increased employee turnover due to the condition of the labor market and decisions related to strategic workforce planning. In addition, specialized knowledge and skills are required for many of our positions, which may pose additional difficulty for us as we work to recruit, retain and motivate employees in this climate. Failure to hire, adequately train replacement employees, transfer knowledge/expertise or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate our business. Inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Our businesses have collective bargaining agreements with labor unions. Failure to renew or renegotiate these contracts could lead to labor disruptions, including strikes or boycotts. Such disruptions or any negotiated wage or benefit increases could have a material adverse impact to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. National unionization efforts could affect our business, as an increase in unionized workers could challenge our operational efficiency and increase costs. Our operations use third-party contractors in addition to employees to perform periodic and ongoing work. We rely on third-party contractors to perform operations, maintenance and construction work. Poor vendor performance or contractor unavailability could impact ongoing operations, restoration operations, regulatory recovery and our reputation and could introduce financial risk or risks of fines. Also, suppliers of key assets critical to long-term planning may be limited, creating vendor concentration risk that could increase costs and negatively impact investment execution. Actions of our employees, directors, third-party contractors or suppliers could expose us to reputational risks. We could suffer negative impacts to our reputation as a result of actual or perceived fraud, misconduct, legal or regulatory violations, violations of corporate policies, inappropriate use of social media, or other actions by our employees, directors, third-party contractors or suppliers. Reputational damage could have a material adverse effect and could result in negative customer perception, litigation and increased regulatory oversight. Our subsidiary, NSP-Minnesota, is subject to the risks of nuclear generation. NSP-Minnesota has two nuclear generation plants, Prairie Island and Monticello. Risks of nuclear generation include: Hazards associated with the use of radioactive material in energy production, including management, handling, storage and disposal. Limitations on insurance available to cover losses that may arise in connection with nuclear operations, as well as obligations to contribute to an insurance pool in the event of damages at a covered U.S. reactor. Technological and financial uncertainties related to the costs of decommissioning nuclear plants may cause our funding obligations to change. The NRC has authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities, including the ability to impose fines and/or shut down a unit until compliance is achieved. NRC safety requirements could necessitate substantial capital expenditures or an increase in operating expenses. In addition, the INPO reviews NSP-Minnesota s nuclear operations. Compliance with the INPO s recommendations could result in substantial capital expenditures or a substantial increase in operating expenses. If a nuclear incident did occur, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Furthermore, non-compliance or the occurrence of a serious incident at other nuclear facilities could result in increased industry regulation, which may increase NSP-Minnesota s compliance costs. Financial Risks Our profitability depends on the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover their costs and changes in regulation may impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs from their customers. We are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies, including siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that we can charge customers. 17 Table of Contents The profitability of our utility operations is dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services and earn a return on capital investment. Our rates are generally regulated and are based on an analysis of the utility s costs incurred in a test year. The utility subsidiaries are subject to both future and historical test years depending upon the regulatory jurisdiction. Thus, the rates a utility is allowed to charge may or may not match its costs at any given time. Rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. There can also be no assurance that our regulatory commissions will judge all the costs of our utility subsidiaries to be prudent, which could result in disallowances, or that the regulatory process will always result in rates that will produce full recovery. Overall, management believes prudently incurred costs are recoverable given the existing regulatory framework. However, there may be changes in the regulatory environment that could impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs historically collected from customers, or these subsidiaries could exceed caps on capital costs required by commissions and result in less than full recovery. Changes in the long-term cost-effectiveness or to the operating conditions of our assets may result in early retirements of utility facilities. While regulation typically provides cost recovery for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs. Higher than expected inflation, shortages of skilled labor, tariffs or federal policies may increase costs of construction and operations. Also, rising fuel costs could increase prices to consumers, all of which could increase the risk that our utility subsidiaries will not be able to fully recover their costs from their customers. Regulators may challenge rate increases due to increased customer affordability pressures. Public policy developments, including legislative actions and electoral changes at the state level, may affect recovery mechanisms or allowed returns and may limit recovery timing or cost allocation, negatively impacting our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Growth in large load customers, including data centers, may increase customer concentration, capital requirements and revenue variability risks. Additional demand from a limited number of customers may increase our credit risk exposure and require incremental infrastructure investment. If anticipated load growth does not materialize as expected or regulatory cost allocation mechanisms evolve, it could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. Our credit ratings are subject to change, and our credit ratings may be lowered or withdrawn by a rating agency. Significant events including disallowance of costs, use of historic test years, elimination of riders or interim rates, increasing depreciation lives, lower returns on equity, changes to equity ratios, impacts of tax policy and unfavorable litigation outcomes may impact our cash flows and credit metrics, potentially resulting in a change in our credit ratings. In addition, our credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies or change in the methodologies used by the various rating agencies. Any credit ratings downgrade could lead to higher borrowing costs or lower proceeds from equity issuances. It could also impact our ability to access capital markets. Also, our utility subsidiaries may enter into contracts that require posting of collateral or settlement if credit ratings fall below investment grade. The credit rating agencies may change their assessment or our regulatory or business risk, such as with the increase of climate events, which could negatively impact our credit ratings. We are subject to capital market and interest rate risks. Utility operations require significant capital investment. As a result, we frequently need to access capital markets. Any disruption in capital markets could have a material impact on our ability to fund our operations. Capital market disruption and financial market distress could prevent us from issuing commercial paper, issuing new securities or cause us to issue securities with unfavorable terms and conditions, such as higher interest rates or lower proceeds from equity issuances. Higher interest rates on short-term borrowings with variable interest rates could also have an adverse effect on our operating results. The performance of capital markets impacts the value of assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission NSP-Minnesota s nuclear plants and satisfy our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plan obligations. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected returns. A decline in the market value of these assets may increase funding requirements. Additionally, the fair value of the debt securities held in the nuclear decommissioning and/or pension trusts may be impacted by changes in interest rates. We are subject to credit risks. Credit risk includes the risk that our customers will not pay their bills, which may lead to a reduction in our cash flows and liquidity and an increase in bad debt expense. Credit risk is comprised of numerous factors including the price of products and services provided, the overall economy and unemployment rates. Credit risk also includes the risk that counterparties that owe us money or product will become insolvent and may breach their obligations. Should the counterparties fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. In that event, our financial results could be adversely affected and we may incur losses. This could be particularly impactful for long-lead time equipment contracts that require significant deposits and milestone payments, for items that may be difficult to procure elsewhere in the event of non-performance. Xcel Energy may have direct credit exposure in our short-term wholesale and commodity trading activity to financial institutions trading for their own accounts or issuing collateral support on behalf of other counterparties. We may also have some indirect credit exposure due to participation in organized markets, (e.g., MISO, SPP, ERCOT and California ISO), in which any credit losses are socialized to all market participants. We have additional indirect credit exposure to financial institutions from letters of credit provided as security by power suppliers under various purchased power contracts. If any of the credit ratings of the letter of credit issuers were to drop below investment grade, the supplier would need to replace that security with an acceptable substitute. If the security were not replaced, the party could be in default under the contract. 18 Table of Contents Increasing costs of our defined benefit retirement plans and employee benefits may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We have defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that cover most of our employees. Assumptions related to future costs, return on investments, interest rates and other actuarial assumptions have a significant impact on our funding requirements of these plans. Estimates and assumptions may change. In addition, the Pension Protection Act sets the minimum funding requirements for defined benefit pension plans. Therefore, our funding requirements and contributions may change in the future. Also, the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year, due to high numbers of retirements or employees leaving, would trigger settlement accounting and could require Xcel Energy to recognize incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year liabilities are paid. Changes in industry standards utilized in key assumptions (e.g., mortality tables) could have a significant impact on future obligations and benefit costs. Increasing costs associated with health care plans may adversely affect our results of operations. Increasing levels of large individual health care claims and overall health care claims could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Health care legislation could also significantly impact our benefit programs and costs. We must rely on cash from our subsidiaries to make dividend payments. Investments in our subsidiaries are our primary assets. Substantially all our operations are conducted by our subsidiaries. Consequently, our operating cash flows and ability to service our debt and pay dividends depends upon the operating cash flows of our subsidiaries and their payment of dividends. Our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that have no obligation to pay any amounts due pursuant to our obligations or to make any funds available for dividends on our common stock. In addition, each subsidiary s ability to pay dividends depends on statutory and/or contractual restrictions which may include requirements to maintain minimum levels of equity ratios, working capital or assets. If the utility subsidiaries were to cease making dividend payments, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or otherwise meet our financial obligations could be adversely affected. Our utility subsidiaries are regulated by state utility commissions, which possess broad powers to prioritize that the needs of the utility customers are met. We may be negatively impacted by the actions of state commissions that limit the payment of dividends by our utility subsidiaries. Federal tax law may significantly impact our business. Our utility subsidiaries collect estimated federal, state and local tax payments through their regulated rates. Changes to federal tax law may benefit or adversely affect our earnings and customer costs. Tax depreciable lives and the value/availability of various tax credits or the timeliness of their utilization may impact the economics or selection of resources. If tax rates are increased, there could be timing delays before regulated rates provide for recovery of such tax increases in revenues. In addition, certain IRS tax policies, such as tax normalization, may impact our ability to economically deliver certain types of resources relative to market prices. Changes to the availability of tax credit transferability could impact our cash flows and the cost of certain types of resources. Macroeconomic Risks Economic conditions impact our business. Xcel Energy s operations are affected by economic conditions, which correlates to customers/sales growth (decline). Economic conditions may be impacted by recessionary factors, rising interest rates, inflation, the impacts of federal policy and insufficient financial sector liquidity leading to potential increased unemployment, which may impact customers ability to pay their bills, which could lead to additional bad debt expense. Our utility subsidiaries face competitive factors, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition , results of operations and cash flows. Further, worldwide economic activity impacts the demand for basic commodities necessary for utility infrastructure, which may inhibit our ability to acquire sufficient supplies. We operate in a capital-intensive industry and federal trade policy could significantly impact the cost of materials we use. There may be delays before these additional material costs can be recovered in rates. The oil and gas industry represents our largest C I customer base. Oil and natural gas prices are sensitive to market risk factors which may impact demand. We face risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, which may have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Health epidemics impact countries, communities, supply chains and markets. Uncertainty continues to exist regarding epidemics; the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally); the potential impact on the workforce including shortages of employees and third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions; impacts on the transportation of goods, and the generalized impact on the economy. We cannot ultimately predict whether an epidemic will have a material impact on our future liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. Nor can we predict the impact on the health of our employees, our supply chain or our ability to recover higher costs associated with managing an outbreak. Operations could be impacted by war, terrorism or other events. Our generation plants, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities and information and control systems may be targets of terrorist activities. Any disruption could impact operations or result in a decrease in revenues and additional costs to repair and insure our assets. These disruptions could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The potential for terrorism has subjected our operations to increased risks and could have a material effect on our business. We have incurred increased costs for security and capital expenditures in response to these risks. The insurance industry has also been affected by these events and the availability of insurance may decrease. In addition, insurance may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms. A disruption of the regional electric transmission grid, interstate natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources, could negatively impact our business, brand and reputation. Because our facilities are part of an interconnected system, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption caused by the actions of a neighboring utility. 19 Table of Contents We also face the risks of possible loss of business due to significant events such as severe storms, temperature extremes, wildfires, widespread pandemic, generator or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, railroad disruption, operator error, sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation or a workforce disruption. In addition, major catastrophic events throughout the world may disrupt our business. While we have business continuity plans in place, our ability to recover may be prolonged due to the type and extent of the event. Xcel Energy participates in a global supply chain, which includes materials and components that are globally sourced. A prolonged disruption could result in the delay of equipment and materials that may impact our ability to connect, restore and reliably serve our customers. A major disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues, additional costs to repair assets, and an adverse impact on the cost and availability of insurance, which could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. A cybersecurity incident or security breach could have a material effect on our business. We operate in an industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology, control systems and network infrastructure. In addition, we use our systems and infrastructure to create, collect, use, disclose, store, dispose of and otherwise process sensitive information, including Company data, customer energy usage data, and personal information regarding customers, employees and their dependents, contractors, shareholders and other individuals. Xcel Energy s generation, transmission, distribution and fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure or physical assets as well as information processed in our systems (e.g., information regarding our customers, employees, operations, infrastructure and assets) could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, including those caused by human error. The utility industry has been the target of several attacks on operational systems and has seen an increased volume and sophistication of cybersecurity incidents from international activist organizations, other countries and individuals. We expect to continue to experience attempts to compromise our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. Cybersecurity incidents could harm our businesses by limiting our generation, transmission and distribution capabilities, delaying our development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects to existing facilities, disrupting our customer operations or causing the release of customer information, all of which would likely receive state and federal regulatory scrutiny and could expose us to liability. Xcel Energy s generation, transmission systems and natural gas pipelines are part of an interconnected system. Therefore, a disruption caused by the impact of a cybersecurity incident on the regional electric transmission grid, natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources of our third-party service providers operations, could also negatively impact our business. Advancements in artificial intelligence and large language models may increase cybersecurity threats and operational risks. Threat actors may use artificial intelligence to enhance their attacks, increasing the frequency, sophistication and potential impact of cyber incidents affecting our IT and OT environment. Our supply chain for procurement of digital equipment and services may expose software or hardware to these risks and could result in a breach or significant costs of remediation. We are unable to quantify the potential impact of cybersecurity threats or subsequent related actions. Cybersecurity incidents and regulatory action could result in a material decrease in revenues and may cause significant additional costs (e.g., penalties, third-party claims, repairs, insurance or compliance) and potentially disrupt our supply and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels. We maintain security measures to protect our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. However, these assets and the information they process may be vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents, including asset failure or unauthorized access to assets or information. A failure or breach of our technology systems or those of our third-party service providers could disrupt critical business functions and may negatively impact our business, our brand, and our reputation. The cybersecurity threat is dynamic and evolves continually, and our efforts to prioritize network protection may not be effective given the constant changes to threat vulnerability. While the Company maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs or damages experienced. Also, the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events is evolving as the industry matures. Our operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be adversely affected by milder weather. Our electric and natural gas utility businesses are seasonal, and weather patterns can have a material impact on our operating performance. Demand for electricity is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. Because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial heating, the demand depends heavily upon weather patterns. A significant amount of natural gas revenues are recognized in the first and fourth quarters related to the heating season. Accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. Unusually mild winters and summers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Public Policy Risks Increased risks of regulatory penalties could negatively impact our business. The Energy Act increased civil penalty authority for violation of FERC statutes, rules and orders. FERC can impose penalties of up to $1.5 million per violation per day, particularly as it relates to energy trading activities for both electricity and natural gas. In addition, NERC electric reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection requirements are mandatory and subject to potential financial penalties. Also, the PHMSA, Occupational Safety and Health Administration and other federal agencies have the authority to assess penalties. In the event of serious incidents, these agencies may pursue penalties. In addition, certain states have the authority to impose substantial penalties. If a serious reliability, cybersecurity or safety incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 20 Table of Contents The continued use of natural gas for both power generation and gas distribution have increasingly become a public policy advocacy target. These efforts may result in a limitation of natural gas as an energy source for both power generation and heating, which could impact our ability to reliably and affordably serve our customers. In recent years, there have been various local and state agency proposals within and outside our service territories that would attempt to restrict the use and availability of natural gas. If such policies were to prevail, we may be forced to make new resource investment decisions which could potentially result in stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments and impact the overall reliability of our service. Environmental Policy Risks We may be subject to legislative and regulatory responses to climate change, with which compliance could be difficult and costly. Legislative and regulatory responses related to climate change may create financial risk as our facilities may be subject to additional regulation at either the state or federal level in the future. International agreements could additionally lead to future federal or state regulations. In 2015, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change reached consensus among 190 nations on an agreement (the Paris Agreement) that establishes a framework for GHG mitigation actions by all countries, with a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to below 2 Celsius above pre-industrial levels and an aspiration to limit the increase to 1.5 Celsius. Although the United States has withdrawn from the Paris Agreement, many states and localities continue to pursue their own climate policies which could result in future additional GHG reductions. The steps Xcel Energy has taken to date to reduce GHG emissions, including energy efficiency measures, adding renewable generation and retiring or converting coal plants to natural gas, occurred under state-endorsed resource plans, renewable energy standards and other state policies. We may be subject to climate change lawsuits. An adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures and possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. Defense costs associated with such litigation can also be significant and could affect results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates. If our regulators do not allow us to recover the costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, with which compliance could be difficult and costly. We are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect many aspects of our operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges and the generation, transport and disposal of solid wastes and hazardous substances. Laws and regulations require us to obtain permits, licenses, and approvals and to comply with a variety of environmental requirements. Environmental laws and regulations can also require us to restrict or limit the output of facilities or the use of certain fuels, shift generation to lower-emitting facilities, install pollution control equipment, clean up spills and other contamination and correct environmental hazards. Failure to meet requirements of environmental mandates may result in fines or penalties. We may be required to pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate sites where our past activities, or the activities of other parties, caused environmental contamination. Changes in environmental policies and regulations or regulatory decisions may result in early retirements of our operational facilities. While regulation typically provides relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs. We are subject to mandates to provide customers with clean energy, renewable energy and energy conservation offerings. It could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if our regulators do not allow us to recover the cost of capital investment or O M costs incurred to comply with the requirements. Additionally, the impact of environmental laws and regulations may impact the economic health of consumers through higher prices of energy and purchased goods. While we establish strategies and expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters, our ability to achieve any such strategies or expectations is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving legal, regulatory, and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. The potential for unprecedented load growth and the need for additional generation resources to support such growth may further impact the timing or achievement of our climate goals. Failures or delays (whether actual or perceived) in achieving our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, operations, and reputation, and increase risk of litigation. In addition, existing environmental laws or regulations may be revised and new laws or regulations may be adopted. We may also incur additional unanticipated obligations or liabilities under existing environmental laws and regulations. 