ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In evaluating our business and investment in our securities, investors should carefully consider the following discussion of material factors and events, along with all of the other information in this Report and in our other filings with the SEC. The events and consequences discussed below could, in circumstances that we may not be able to accurately predict, recognize or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or market price of our common stock. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, and the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past, but are provided because future occurrences of such factors, events, or contingencies could have a material adverse effect. These risk factors do not identify all of the risks we face. Our business is also subject to general risks that affect many other companies. In addition, we operate in a continually changing business, economic and geopolitical environment, and as a result, new risk factors, or changes to our risk profile, may emerge from time to time. Risks not currently known to us, or that we currently believe are immaterial, may impact our business, operations, financial condition or share price. The global macroeconomic and geopolitical climate amplify many of the risks below. Risks in this section are grouped in the following categories: (1) Risks Related to Geopolitical, Macroeconomic and Industry Factors; (2) Risks Related to Our Business and Operations; (3) Risks Related to Financial and Tax; and (4) Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory. Many risks affect more than one category, and as a result the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence. Risks Related to Geopolitical, Macroeconomic and Industry Factors Industry and economic conditions may adversely affect our markets and our customers operating conditions and demand. With sales, directly or indirectly, in approximately 150 countries, we compete across a wide range of geographies and end markets. Economic and industry factors that have had, or may in the future have, a material impact on our businesses and demand for our products and services include: (i) overall strength of, and our customers confidence in, local and global macroeconomic conditions; (ii) inflation and related monetary policy actions by governments in response; (iii) overall strength of industrial, governmental, public and private sector spending; (iv) overall strength of the industrial, residential and commercial real estate markets; (v) federal, state, local and municipal governments environmental, energy efficiency, fiscal, trade and procurement laws, regulations and policies, including domestic content requirements; (vi) availability of commercial financing for our customers and end-users; and (vii) availability of funding for our public sector customers, including for water infrastructure investments. These and other macroeconomic impacts, including actual or potential economic slowdowns, recessions or other prolonged downturns in the global economy or our markets, supply chain dynamics and shortages, labor shortages, inflation, and significant government debt and deficit levels, have had and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on demand for our products and solutions and therefore our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and stock price. Geopolitical, regulatory, economic, foreign exchange and other risks associated with our global sales, supply chain and operations may adversely affect our business. In 2025, 58% of our total revenue was from sales to U.S. customers and 42% was from sales to customers outside the U.S. We expect a similar revenue profile going forward. Many of our manufacturing operations, employees, suppliers and distribution channels are located outside of the U.S. Our operations, supply chain and sales both within the U.S. and internationally are subject, to varying degrees, to risks and uncertainties inherent in doing business globally, including: nationalism, populism, protectionism, anti-global sentiment and changes in trade protection measures, including the imposition of increased or new embargoes, tariffs and other trade barriers, import and export regulations or restrictions, licensing requirements, domestic content requirements, and retaliatory measures; uncertainty, volatility and impacts from the evolving global geopolitical environment involving the U.S. and other countries governments, including the relationships among the U.S., European Union ( EU ), Middle East, Latin America, Russia, India, China, Taiwan, or other foreign countries, and the international community at large; any actual or potential threat, outbreak, uncertainty or escalation of terrorism, political instability, insurrection, war, or other armed conflicts, including between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. and Venezuela or Iran, and in the Middle East, and other global safety and security concerns; 15 threat or outbreak of epidemics, global health crises, or pandemics and related uncertainties; impacts from significant shifts in U.S. immigration policy, such as a tightened labor market and inflation; disruptions in global or regional supply chains, our operations, or those of third parties upon which we rely, including due to labor disruptions, supply shortages, trade restrictions, increased or new tariffs and freight and logistics challenges; changes to applicable U.S. or host country laws, regulations or policies, including those related to tax, water quality, the environment, energy efficiency, infrastructure, data transmission, security or privacy, labor, and artificial intelligence ( AI ), as well as potential negative consequences from the interpretation, application and enforcement of such measures; theft, compromise, misappropriation or challenges in protecting our technology, intellectual property or data, including from cybersecurity and AI threats. Beyond the risks indicated above, our operations in emerging markets are subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including: (i) imposition of or increases in withholding or other taxes on remittances and other payments to us; (ii) nationalization of our assets; (iii) imposition of or increases in investment barriers or other restrictions; (iv) difficulty enforcing commercial agreements or collecting receivables; (v) pricing pressure on our products and services; (vi) elevated business conduct risks; and (vii) challenges in attracting and retaining qualified talent and labor. Geopolitical changes in China-Taiwan relations could disrupt the operations of companies in Taiwan that are critical to the global supply chain for semiconductors ( chips ) and other electronic components, as well as the supply of lithium batteries, carbide seals, and rare earth elements. Such changes could have significant negative effects on the global supply chain for these components and materials and could adversely affect our ability to manufacture certain of our digitally-enabled products, such as pumps, controllers and smart meters. We cannot predict the impact that such factors might have on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations an share price. Inflation, tariffs, customs duties, and other manufacturing and operating cost increases or fluctuations have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our cash flows and results of operations. Our manufacturing and operating costs fluctuate with volatility in the prices of commodities, parts, raw materials, energy, utilities, freight, logistics, and labor. These fluctuations have been, and may continue to be, driven by a variety of factors, such as inflation, tight labor markets, exchange rates, trade agreements, tariffs and other trade protection measures, and other macroeconomic, political or geopolitical factors. For example, ongoing or escalation of conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, and the increasing tensions or outbreak of conflict between China and Taiwan, could further increase logistics, energy and supply costs, and potentially delay customer shipments. We rely on a large and complex network of suppliers (and their suppliers) and contract manufacturers globally, including in China and Mexico. The U.S. has enacted or threatened various trade actions, including tariffs on goods imported from China, Mexico, Canada, Europe and other countries, which has or may result in retaliatory measures. On August 29, 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled that many of the tariffs imposed by the U.S. federal government under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act exceed presidential authority and therefore are invalid. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court affirmed that ruling. As of the date of this filing, tariffs issued under the different statutes remain in place, and the scope and durability of existing and future tariffs, as well as tariffs in place prior to the U.S. Supreme Court s ruling, remain uncertain. U.S. and international trade actions could increase the cost of our products, which we may not be able to offset through pricing or productivity, and could impair our competitiveness. In a declining price environment, our operating margins may contract because we account for inventory using the first-in, first-out method. Actions we take to mitigate cost volatility may not be successful and, as a result, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We may be unable to compete successfully in our markets or develop and commercialize innovative and disruptive solutions and technologies. We operate in highly competitive markets for our technologies, products and services. The principal points of competition are performance, quality, reliability, price, life cycle cost, security, speed of development and commercialization of new technologies, processes and business models, brand reputation, application expertise, energy efficiency, delivery timeliness, proximity of our service centers to customers, effectiveness of our distribution channels, and customers experience in doing business with us directly or through our channel partners. Maintaining 16 and improving our competitive position requires successful management of these factors in a volatile business environment marked by rapid change and disruption. Our competitive position and future growth depend on a number of factors, including our ability to: (i) enhance and differentiate our offerings, business models and customer experience through efficiency, security, and the addition of innovative features or technologies, such as AI, that address emerging regulations and trends, meet customers needs, and prevent commoditization; (ii) defend our market share against an ever-expanding number of competitors, including new or non-traditional competitors from outside our industry, such as large technology firms; (iii) invest in and maintain our network of channel partners; (iv) attract, develop, retain and train talent with commercial, innovation, digital and technical expertise, and understanding of customers needs to develop and commercialize new technologies; (v) leverage and expand our ecosystem of innovation partners, including universities, venture capital, start-ups, and other technology innovators; (vi) invest in manufacturing, research and development, engineering, sales, marketing, systems modernization, AI, and digitization of customer solution and support tools; (vii) win and execute large contracts on schedule and on budget; and (viii) optimize our supply chain and manufacturing to enable predictable and efficient delivery to customers, and to compete for business subject to procurement laws, regulations and government policies, and regulations governing sustainability and domestic content in various jurisdictions. Competitors may develop and commercialize new technologies, such as AI, more effectively to drive internal efficiencies or create new or enhanced products or services that may adversely affect our competitiveness. Customers may be slow to adopt new solutions and technologies, delaying returns on our innovation investments and impacting our growth. Pricing pressures, tariffs, procurement policies, and disruptive or emerging technologies, such as AI, may require price adjustments or rationalization of certain of our offerings and affect our profitability. As a result, we may not maintain our competitive position or market share, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Cybersecurity incidents, data breaches, or other disruptions, and software and system implementations involving our enterprise or operational information technology, connected products and services, or information technology on which we or our customers rely, could materially and adversely affect our business. We rely on information technology ( IT ), including operational technology and communication networks, to operate our manufacturing processes and equipment, enable business processes, support employee productivity, interface with customers and channel partners, and manage our electronic information, including confidential business information and data relating to employees, customers, and partners. We also rely on key third parties, such as direct and indirect suppliers, contract manufacturers, cloud-based service providers, and outsourced business process providers, including in our businesses and functions, such as Information Technology, Finance, Human Resources, Commercial Services, Procurement and Travel. Regardless of the protection measures we, or the third parties we rely on, have implemented, IT and communication networks may be susceptible to damage or disruption due to causes, such as: equipment, system or application failure, including as a result of maintenance, obsolescence, unsupportability or age; application upgrades or implementations; human error or malfeasance; vandalism; natural disasters; fire; utility outages; and cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware, denial-of-service, e-mail compromises, deepfake attacks, malware, phishing, and viruses resulting from a wide ranging threat landscape, including attacks by nation states and others. In addition to damage or disruption, these cybersecurity incidents may also result in security and data breaches. Cybersecurity and other IT disruption risks may increase during integration or separation of businesses or during the provision of transition services. We provide certain digitally enabled or internet-connected products, which may include the use of AI, such as pumps, controllers, meters, intelligent solutions, remote monitoring and condition assessment capabilities, and an interoperability platform via Idrica, our strategic joint venture. These products and services are used by us and our customers for operational purposes or to collect data. Our connected products and services may be susceptible to damage or disruption from the same causes described above. Cybersecurity incidents may impact hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted by our products and services after they have been purchased and incorporated into customers and other third parties products, facilities, systems or infrastructure, including critical infrastructure applications. While we attempt to provide our customers with reasonable measures to safeguard our products and services from cybersecurity threats, the potential for a cybersecurity incident remains. In addition, certain of our customers continue to use older digitally enabled products that lack current security features. A cybersecurity incident or other damage or disruption to IT and communications networks, or involving our connected products and services, may have adverse effects on us, our customers or third parties on which we rely by interfering with operations and services, potentially with public health and safety risks involving certain of our 17 customers; disrupting production, supply chain, shipments, billing, collections and customer service; disrupting data analytics or remote monitoring and control of operational systems; enabling unauthorized access, disclosure, misappropriation, misuse, destruction, compromise, or theft of our financial, operational or other proprietary information, including intellectual property and trade secrets, or data pertaining to our employees, customers or suppliers; damaging employee, customer or partner relationships; triggering product recalls, legal claims, or regulatory actions, fines or penalties; increasing prevention and response costs; and harming our brands and reputation. Additionally, application upgrades and software implementations, such as the launch of our Enterprise Resource Planning software, may increase our exposure to such risks as upgrades may have undiscovered vulnerabilities or provide threat actors with new avenues of attack. Any delay in or failure to detect a cybersecurity incident or the full extent of an incident could exacerbate the effects of the incident. To mitigate risks, we maintain policies, standards, procedures, and technologies applicable to all employees and contractors, including: patching; passwords; network and data access; business continuity and disaster recovery plans; monitoring for external and insider risks; technology obsolescence or end-of-life of operating technologies or applications operating systems; IT general computing controls; network segmentation; secure software development; and system integration testing. As implementation and compliance is the responsibility of employees across the enterprise, we cannot guarantee full adherence with our policies, standards and procedures, or that our technologies will be sufficient to fully mitigate the aforementioned or evolving risks. We, and some third parties upon which we rely, have previously experienced cybersecurity incidents or other attempts from unauthorized parties, including criminal threat actors, nation states, or insiders (including employees or contractors engaged in fraudulent or malicious activities), to gain unauthorized access to IT and connected products and services. As technology, including generative AI models, continue to evolve, such incidents may occur more frequently, affect a broader range of devices, and grow in sophistication, with threat actors leveraging these technologies to develop new attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted, coordinated and difficult to defend against. To date, none have resulted in any material adverse impacts or theft, misuse, or loss of information of our business, operations, products and services, or customers. Although we maintain a cybersecurity program that we believe is reasonably designed to protect our IT, products and services, the unpredictable and evolving nature of attacks and incidents, and the difficulty of detecting unauthorized access may prevent us from anticipating or preventing intrusions or implementing adequate protective or remedial measures. Additionally, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of cybersecurity incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks, which may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about an incident to our investors, customers, regulators, and the public. While we maintain insurance coverage designed to address aspects of business interruption and cybersecurity risks, such coverage may not be sufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. Although we assess risks, implement safeguards to mitigate risks, and conduct business continuity and disaster recovery planning, we cannot ensure that material cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions will not occur, or that our efforts will be fully effective. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Lack of or delays in availability of products, parts, raw materials, transportation, or energy from our supply chain, or supplier failures to meet requirements, could adversely affect our business. Our business depends on a large and complex network of suppliers and indirect suppliers, contract manufacturers and subcontractors that perform manufacturing and customer-related services for us, commodities markets, and logistics providers to secure and ship finished goods and raw materials, parts, and electronic and other components used in our products. Certain key components are available only from sole- or single-source suppliers or a limited group of suppliers. We also have significant direct and indirect suppliers in China, Taiwan, Mexico and Europe. We expect that our reliance on, and the complexity of, this supply chain will remain significant and, in some cases, increase. Parts, components and raw materials commonly used in our products include motors, fabricated parts, castings, magnets, bearings, seals, batteries, PCBs and electronic components, including semiconductors, as well as commodities, including steel, brass, nickel, copper, aluminum, rare earth minerals and plastics. Availability of these items has been, and may in the future be, affected by delays, shortages, curtailment, or changes due to macroeconomic, geopolitical and other factors, including: supply and demand dynamics; labor shortages or disputes; changes in supplier strategy or production planning including decisions to exit production of key components on which we rely; production interruptions from cybersecurity or information technology disruptions, or humanmade or natural disasters; supplier financial distress; capacity allocations to other purchasers; trade agreements, or trade protection measures including tariffs or export restrictions; ability to meet regulatory 18 requirements; weather emergencies and the effects of volatile weather patterns; public health crises; and threatened or actual terrorism, armed conflict or war. Actual or threatened escalation of these conditions may disrupt supply, increase energy or logistics costs, or delay or interrupt supplies from suppliers. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, fluctuating freight and logistics costs, and delivery delays from port congestion, labor actions and other challenges. If supply disruptions occur (including in rare earths, semiconductors, or other key inputs), or if our mitigation efforts are insufficient or unsuccessful, we may be delayed or unable to execute our backlog, fill new orders, or timely deliver products, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Although we maintain insurance coverage for business continuity and supply chain risks, such coverage may not remain available at a reasonable cost or adequately cover disruptions. A material disruption to any of our facilities or operations, or those of third parties upon which we rely, may adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our operations and businesses depend on our facilities and a complex and highly reactive global supply chain, including suppliers, indirect suppliers, and multi-tiered suppliers, some of which are single- or sole-source, as well as distributors, contract manufacturers, subcontractors, joint venture partners, and utilities and logistics providers. We also outsource certain critical business processes and activities, including in the areas of Finance, Human Resources, Commercial Services, Procurement, Travel and Information Technology. Some of our businesses require us or our subcontractors to access customer sites to provide our products and services. Our facilities, operations, customers, and third parties on which we rely, have experienced, or may in the future experience, disruptions or delays from actual or threatened events or circumstances, including due to: equipment or system failure; application upgrades or implementations (such as our Enterprise Resource Planning software); natural disasters; weather events or volatile weather patterns; utility outages; fire; explosion; supply chain failures; export restrictions on critical materials; terrorism; cybersecurity incidents; political disruption; pandemics or other public health crises; insurrection; armed conflict or war; rising tensions or potential outbreak of conflict between China and Taiwan; labor disputes; or financial distress. Our facilities, or those of third parties on which we rely, may operate certain equipment and manufacturing technology that may be unique and difficult or slow to replace. Significant disruption to any of our facilities or operations, or that of customers or third parties on which we rely, could materially impact our business, by preventing us from meeting demand or contractual commitments, increasing costs, reducing market share or sales, and impacting our business processes and activities, including our ability to timely report financial results. Interruptions may be lengthy, have lasting effects, demand significant management time and focus, and require substantial mitigation costs, which could negatively affect our operations, profitability, financial condition and reputation. Any recovery under our insurance policies may not fully offset lost sales, increased costs, or longer-term supplier or customer losses resulting from disruptions. Although we assess our critical processes and risks, implement mitigation plans, and conduct business continuity and disaster recovery planning, we cannot guarantee that interruptions with material adverse effects on our operational and financial performance will not occur. Water and wastewater treatment operations, including those related to emerging contaminants, as well as the generation, handling, storage, use, transport, treatment, release or disposal of hazardous materials may result in contamination, environmental, personal or other liabilities, or pose other significant risks that could result in significant costs and reputational harm. Our water and wastewater treatment offerings involve unique risks and require compliance with a variety of laws and regulations, including the Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act. System failures, spills, or operational errors could discharge untreated or partially treated wastewater onto property or into bodies of water and groundwater, causing environmental harm and triggering regulatory enforcement, litigation, and reputational damage. Emerging contaminants, such as PFAS, PFOA, selenium, microplastics, chemicals, or pathogens, pose additional risk. Failure to adequately handle emerging contaminants may result in illness, death, and significant liability. Changes in environmental laws or regulations, or increased public awareness of the presence and health impacts of human-made chemicals and naturally occurring contaminants in drinking water, could increase or decrease demand for our products and services, increase costs, render products obsolete, increase our potential liability with respect to the handling or disposal of these contaminants or lead to an interruption or suspension of our operations. Our Water Solutions and Services segment engages in manufacturing, waste recycling, and treatment processes involving the use, treatment, storage, transfer, handling and/or disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous materials, chemicals and wastes, subject to applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations may increase, resulting in increased operating expenses, or require additional facility investments. These activities create risks of accidental contamination or injury to the environment, employees, customers, third parties, and the general public. Under environmental laws and regulations, such as the 19 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA") and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ("CERCLA"), we could be strictly, jointly and severally liable for releases of regulated substances at our current or former properties or the properties of others, or by other businesses that previously owned or used our current or former properties. We could also face liability or reputational harm if we transport such materials, generate, or arrange for the disposal of such hazardous materials or waste if they are subsequently released or cause harm. If these activities result in legal or environmental claims, damage or liabilities, we could incur significant costs, liabilities or reputational damage in connection with legal defense, investigation, remediation of environmental contamination, property or natural resource damage, or personal injuries. Such costs and liabilities could exceed our insurance coverage and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, and reputation. We may be unable to successfully execute large projects or meet customer timelines, budget, performance, or safety requirements. A portion of our revenue comes from complex, multi-year projects that involve significant risks, including delays, cost overruns, scope changes, unanticipated site conditions, design and engineering issues, incorrect cost assumptions, rising material and labor costs, health and safety hazards, subcontractor performance issues, supply chain disruptions, weather events, and changes in laws, regulations or permitting requirements. Failure to manage these risks may result in higher costs, liquidated damages, and other liabilities, potentially reducing our profitability and harming our reputation. Many customers require performance guarantees for effluent produced by our water treatment equipment and services. If our products and services fail to meet these guarantees, we may incur added costs related to engineering, replacement of parts, equipment, or consumables, or customer reimbursements. Estimating performance guarantee obligations involves uncertainties and judgments, including changing product designs, variations in customer installation processes, and differences in influent conditions. Substantial performance guarantee claims could materially and adversely affect our reputation, earnings, and future business prospects. Many customers require us to meet safety standards to be allowed access to their sites, perform services, install products, and execute projects. Unsafe products or employee performance may cause delays or suspension of site access needed to service or deliver our products. Workplace or product-related accidents or near-accidents, or failure to follow our or our customers safety policies could damage our reputation, reduce demand for our products and services, increase costs, cause customer loss or litigation, or increase government or regulatory oversight. We may be unable to retain key leadership, engineering, technology, sales, service and other talent or attract new qualified talent with diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. Our success depends to a significant extent on our ability to attract, retain and develop highly qualified employees in leadership positions, and in strategic or core areas, such as engineering, innovation, systems modernization, digital technologies, commercial excellence, service, project management, and production. The market for highly skilled talent, leaders and labor with diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives remains highly competitive in our industry. Success in attracting and retaining employees, particularly in the areas of services, digital technologies, including AI, innovation, and data science, depends in part on our ability to offer attractive career growth opportunities, work arrangements, compensation and benefits, and policies and ways of working that support employee well-being. We continue to evolve our culture, where colleagues are inspired to innovate, empowered to lead and accountable to deliver. This high-impact culture is critical to attracting and retaining the talent needed to execute our strategy, drive innovation, remain competitive and create long-term value. We must continue developing qualified talent to support growth and succession planning, which are critical to our long-term success. Failure to attract or retain highly engaged and skilled talent and labor could adversely affect our ability to meet and exceed the customer needs, grow our business and execute our strategy. Defects, unanticipated or improper use, or inadequate disclosures about our products could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial condition. Defects or quality issues in the manufacture, design, software, AI capabilities, security or service of our products (including finished goods, parts or components that we source from third parties), unanticipated or improper use, or inadequate disclosure of risks about the use of our products, could result in product safety, product security, regulatory or environmental risks, personal injury, death, and property or environmental damage. These events could trigger product recalls or withdrawals, safety or security alerts, issuance of credits, or warranty, liability or contractual claims and damages. Although we maintain liability insurance, coverage may not remain available at a reasonable cost or adequately cover all claims. Defects or inadequacies in manufacturing, design, software, 20 security, or service may result in significant costs, reduced profitability, and negative publicity and reputational harm, reducing demand for our products and materially affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not achieve the expected benefits of our simplification, productivity, restructuring, or realignment plans, or such initiatives and plans may adversely affect our business. Periodically, we have and may continue to initiate simplification, productivity, restructuring, and realignment actions for various reasons, including to optimize our cost structure, increase profitability, drive growth, improve our operational efficiency and effectiveness, and enable us to better serve our customers, or respond to business and economic conditions. Starting in 2024, we launched initiatives focused on improving margins and customer centricity through a range of business simplification, strategic pricing and productivity measures across our offerings, operations and customer base. Such measures may include differentiating our offerings and pricing among customers and channels; adjusting the prices of certain offerings; rationalizing certain of our offerings; modernizing our systems by standardizing key enterprise applications; rationalizing footprint; writing off assets; and simplifying our supply chain. These measures could adversely affect our market share, competitiveness, profitability and growth, and may cause unanticipated customer service disruptions. We are engaged in an ongoing, multi-year effort to transform our operating model, including our businesses and supporting functions, and have initiated related restructuring and realignment actions. Challenges with enabling technologies, systems modernization, and implementing planned restructuring and realignment activities have and may continue to delay realization of some of the expected operational, financial and customer centricity benefits. We may not achieve the cost savings and benefits initially anticipated from our transformation, restructuring and realignment plans. These plans may also cause a loss of talent or reduced institutional knowledge, or inefficiencies during transitional periods. Transforming, realigning and restructuring our company requires significant management and employee time and focus, potentially diverting attention from operations and growth. Successful implementation and execution of these actions are critical to achieving our strategy and long-range plan through cost savings, competitiveness, and growth. Factors that may impede success include failure to retain key customers or employees, regulatory or tax matters, challenges with third-party service providers selected to assist us, including staffing, technology, and compliance of service providers with our internal controls over financial reporting, and adverse economic conditions. If these actions are not executed successfully or we do not realize the anticipated benefits, our competitive position, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our strategy includes acquisitions and divestitures, which we may be unable to execute successfully. To support our growth strategy, we continue to realign and enhance our portfolio by pursuing the acquisition of companies, assets, technologies, product lines and customer channels that complement or expand our business or improve competitiveness, while divesting non-core or less strategic businesses. We may be unable to complete acquisitions or divestitures on favorable terms, timing, or at all, or obtain financing needed to consummate acquisitions. In addition, we may be adversely impacted by: (i) failure to efficiently, effectively and timely integrate acquired businesses into our operations, technology, financial and other systems; (ii) failure of acquired businesses to meet expected returns, which in the past has led to, and in the future may lead to, accounting impairments; or (iii) failure to discover liabilities, adverse operational issues, cybersecurity issues, control or compliance issues, environmental matters, labor difficulties, or other issues for which we lack contractual protections, insurance or indemnities. Failure to successfully execute our growth strategy via acquisitions or successfully integrate them, or failure to execute divestitures could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition or results of operations. Acquisitions involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including: diversion of management s time and attention from existing businesses and operations; insufficient internal controls over financial or compliance activities or financial reporting of acquired businesses; failure to realize expected synergies; impact on our ability to achieve some or all of our sustainability aspirations; assumption of new material risks associated with the acquired businesses; and loss of key employees of the acquired businesses. As a result, the anticipated benefits of acquisitions may take longer to realize or not be fully realized, or may cost more than expected, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. A significant portion of our products and offerings in our Measurement and Control Solutions segment are affected by the availability, regulation of and interference with radio spectrum that we use. A significant portion of the offerings in our Measurement and Control Solutions segment use radio spectrum that is subject to government regulation. In the U.S., our products are primarily designed to use FCC-licensed spectrum in 21 the 900MHz range. The FCC may decline to renew our licenses, or materially change regulations affecting these licenses. Some markets may lack sufficient frequencies to sustain or develop our operations at a feasible cost or at all. Outside the U.S., certain products require the use of radio frequency and are subject to regulations. In some jurisdictions, radio station licenses may be granted for a fixed term and must be periodically renewed. Our advanced and smart metering systems offerings transmit to (and receive information from, if applicable) handheld, mobile, or fixed network reading devices in licensed bands made available to us through strategic partnerships and are reliant, to some extent, on the licensed spectrum continuing to be available through our partners or our customers. We may be unable to secure partners or customers that have access to sufficient frequencies in some markets to sustain or develop our planned operations, or that have access to sufficient frequencies at a commercially feasible cost or at all. New products designed for use in the U.S. or another country may require significant modification or redesign to meet frequency requirements and other regulatory specifications. Limitations on frequency availability or the cost of making necessary modifications may preclude us from selling our products in certain countries. The regulations that govern our use of radio spectrum may change or new products may be allowed under the regulations that cause interference with our products, which may require us to modify our products or seek new partnerships. We may also be unable to secure suitable partners for co-development of products. Lack of radio spectrum availability or an inability or delay in modifying our products to meet frequency requirements, or the cost of completing such modifications, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Weather conditions, including the effects of changing climate patterns and related governmental or regulatory efforts to mitigate such effects, may cause volatility in our served markets and demand for our products. The unpredictable nature, frequency, and severity of, and changes in weather events, patterns and related conditions - such as heavy flooding, prolonged droughts, wildfires, rainfall amounts and intensity, sea levels, and fluctuations in temperatures - can positively or negatively impact portions of our business and create volatility in our financial results. For example, certain events may disrupt customer operations, causing shutdowns that prevent site access or delay performance of services or equipment sales. Heavy flooding and rain events may increase demand for our solutions that help manage water and stormwater overflows or remove and transfer excess or unwanted water. Prolonged drought conditions may increase demand for our pumping technology used in agriculture and turf irrigation applications. Demand for water reuse applications, such as those provided by our treatment business, may increase as communities address water scarcity. Temperature fluctuations may result in varying demand for our products used in residential and commercial hydronic applications, where homes and buildings use circulating water to heat and cool living spaces. Some of our products, services and solutions enable our customers to meet increasingly stringent scarcity, efficiency, environmental and safety requirements, including laws limiting greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions, or improve water supply resilience and quality. Our future growth is dependent in part on the impact and timing of new or changing laws and regulations. If stricter laws or regulations are delayed, repealed, weakened, unenforced, or phased in slowly, demand for our products and services may decline. We cannot predict how legal and regulatory changes will affect demand for our products and services. Regulatory uncertainty or any corresponding negative impacts could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Severe weather events and other effects of volatile weather patterns have caused, and may continue to cause, disruptions to our facilities and operations, and those of our customers and suppliers, as well as fluctuations in demand for our products and services, and increased competition. In 2024, a physical risk analysis of our facilities using the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures framework indicated that our exposure to certain reviewed physical hazards (e.g. drought, wildfire, temperature extremes, water stress, etc.) is expected to remain low through 2030 under assessed GHG emission mitigation scenarios; but as we approach 2050, exposure to drought and temperature extremes may increase. We cannot ensure that disruptions with material adverse effects will not occur despite our continued assessment of these risks, investments in resilience, and business continuity, and disaster recovery planning. Sustainability-related laws, regulations, targets and objectives, and stakeholder expectations expose us to numerous risks. In support of our strategy, we have and will continue to establish goals, targets, and other objectives related to sustainability matters. Achieving these goals, targets and objectives requires evolving our business, making capital investments, and developing new or existing technologies. These efforts may result in additional expenses or require us to recognize impairment charges. These goals, targets and objectives reflect our current plans but there 22 is no guarantee that they will be achieved or maintained. Efforts to establish, achieve and accurately report on these goals, targets and objectives expose us to operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks. Achievement of our goals, targets and objectives depends on varied factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control, including the availability of renewable energy from the grid, the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. We may face increased scrutiny from the investment community, regulators, media (including social media) and other stakeholders regarding our sustainability activities, goals, targets and objectives, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. At the same time, some governmental representatives and other stakeholders have expressed or pursued opposing views, legal and investment expectations around sustainability initiatives, including the enactment or proposal of anti-ESG legislation, enforcement actions, or investigations. We are subject to increasing regulatory requirements around sustainability-related disclosures in the U.S. (federal and state-level), EU, and other countries that are uncertain, inconsistent and evolving, which may expose us to unpredictable reporting obligations or business requirements. Complying with these disclosure requirements has, and will continue to, impose substantial costs and require additional resources, and we may also experience operational disruption. If our reporting or practices fail to meet evolving stakeholder expectations, standards and requirements, or if we are unable to satisfy all stakeholders in light of their varied and sometimes conflicting expectations, our reputation, ability to attract and retain talent, and attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquiror could be negatively impacted. Failure or perceived failure to pursue or meet our goals, targets and objectives, or comply with evolving standards could have adverse operational, reputational, financial and legal impacts. Risks Related to Financial and Tax Our business is subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Sales outside the U.S. for the year ended December 31, 2025 accounted for approximately 42% of our net sales. We also have significant operations in various locations outside the U.S. Our principal currency exposures for which we enter into cash flow hedges include the Euro, Swedish Krona, Canadian Dollar, Polish Zloty, British Pound and Australian Dollar. Changes in the value of currencies of the countries in which we do business relative to the value of the U.S. Dollar or Euro could affect our ability to sell products competitively and control our cost structure, which has had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We are also subject to foreign exchange translation risk due to changes in the value of foreign currencies in relation to our reporting currency, the U.S. Dollar and the Euro, Canadian Dollar, British Pound, Chinese Yuan, Swedish Krona and Indian Rupee. As the U.S. Dollar fluctuates against other currencies in which we transact business, revenue and income may be impacted. Refer to Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" for additional information on foreign exchange risk. Our financial results may fluctuate from period to period and can be difficult to predict. Our businesses are impacted by short cycle and book-and-bill business to varying degrees, which may be difficult to predict, or we may have limited visibility into particularly for the business we transact through our significant distribution network. Our businesses are also impacted by long-cycle business including large projects, which could be unexpectedly canceled, or whose timing can change based upon customer requirements due to a number of factors beyond our knowledge or control, such as funding, project readiness, or regulatory approvals. We rely on a complex global supply chain, which is subject to volatile and dynamic conditions, unexpected changes and disruptions from macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions. These supply chain challenges have affected, and may continue to affect, our costs, production, and ability to timely fill customer orders. As a result, our financial results for any given period have been, and will remain, difficult to predict. We may incur impairment charges for our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. We have a significant amount of goodwill and purchased intangible assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as a result of acquisitions. As of December 31, 2025, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled approximately $9 billion. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we evaluate these assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if changes in events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that a potential impairment could exist. Impairment may result from significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our or our customers business, inability to effectively integrate or scale acquired businesses, increases in cost of capital, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, FCC non-renewal of our radio spectrum licenses, divestitures, or decline in our market 23 capitalization. Material impairment charges have, and could in the future, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in our effective tax rates and tax expenses may adversely affect our financial results. We have sales in approximately 150 countries and 42% of our revenue was generated outside the U.S. for the year ended December 31, 2025. Given the global nature of our business, a number of factors may increase our effective tax rates and tax expense, including: (i) the geographic mix of jurisdictions in which profits are earned and taxed; (ii) the statutory tax rates and tax laws in jurisdictions in which we conduct business; (iii) the resolution of tax issues arising from tax examinations by various tax authorities; and (iv) the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may change, with or without notice, due to economic, political and other conditions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax provisions and accruals. We continue to monitor the developments and tax implications concerning changes in the global tax environment, including global minimum taxes. We will continue to monitor countries pending legislation and guidance and evaluate the potential impacts on our business in future periods. Our businesses are regularly examined by various tax authorities worldwide. For example, following an examination regarding aspects of the 2013 reorganization of our European business, the Swedish tax authority issued a tax assessment to Xylem s Swedish subsidiary in 2019, which we are appealing as further described in Note 7, Income Taxes. This and other examinations can result in increased tax assessments, and settlement or litigation outcomes that could be unfavorable to Xylem. We regularly assess the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, including unrecognized tax benefits; however, unanticipated audit or litigation developments could materially and adversely affect us. Although we believe our tax estimates and accruals are reasonable, final determinations may differ materially from our historical income tax provisions, accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Failure to comply with business conduct laws, regulations and policies, including anti-corruption, anti-trust, trade, and data privacy and security, could have a material adverse impact on us. Our global operations are subject to a wide variety of U.S. and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies related to anti-bribery and corruption, trade (such as tariffs, exports and imports), anti-trust and competition, money laundering, and employment. Our policies mandate compliance with these laws and regulations. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"), the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and similar anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate in many parts of the world that are recognized as having governmental and commercial corruption and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-corruption laws may disadvantage us competitively with local businesses that may have less robust compliance frameworks. Despite our compliance efforts, we cannot guarantee that our internal controls, policies and procedures will prevent improper conduct by employees, agents, distributors, or other business partners. If we believe or have reason to believe that employees or business partners have or may have violated applicable anti-corruption or other laws, regulations or policies, we are required to investigate the relevant facts and circumstances. Investigations can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. Violations could result in fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties, termination of relationships with business partners, or curtailment of operations, and as a result might materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Actual or alleged violations could also harm our reputation and ability to do business. To conduct our business and operations, we collect, process, use, maintain, and move data across borders and are continuing to implement AI. Consequently, we are subject to data privacy and cybersecurity laws, including California s Consumer Protection Act, the EU's Data Act, the EU s AI Act and GDPR, and China s PIPL. The scope of these and other applicable laws continues to evolve, is often uncertain, and may conflict across jurisdictions. Privacy regulations expand and impose strict requirements for handling personal data, including the enforcement of data subject rights, enhanced security requirements, obligations to see that data subject rights are not compromised, and public disclosure of significant data breaches. Compliance costs associated with these legal and operational requirements are significant and are likely to increase over time. We cannot guarantee that we will at all times be in compliance with all requirements. Violations could result in fines, sanctions, civil penalties, and reputational harm and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 24 Failure to comply with, and the cost of complying with, laws, regulations, policies and taxes applicable to our operations, products and services, including those involving the environment and health and safety, could have a material adverse impact on us. Our operations, products and services are subject to various federal, state, and local or foreign laws and regulations designed to protect the public, employees and the environment, including those related to: emissions; potable and non-potable water; wastewater treatment and discharge; the generation, handling, storage, use, transport, treatment and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous materials and wastes; use of U.S. FCC-licensed radio spectrum (as detailed above); and employee health and safety. These laws and regulations include the Occupational Health and Safety Act, the federal Safe Drinking Water Act, the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, RCRA, CERCLA, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, the EU s Restriction of Hazardous Substance Directive, and the EU s Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals Directive, and others enacted to address environmental concerns. Some of our products may be subject to product safety regulations. For example, certain of our products supplied to the medical industry are subject to Section 510(k) of the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. These laws and regulations establish, among other things, criteria and standards we must comply with and may require licensing, permitting, approvals or reporting. We cannot guarantee that our operations, products or services will always comply fully with all applicable laws or regulations, or that we will be able to obtain or renew permits in a timely manner. Non-compliance or delays in obtaining permits could result in enforcement actions, fines, penalties, or operational restrictions. Increasing public and governmental concern regarding the environment and the effects of volatile weather and changing climate patterns has, and may continue to, result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements, policies and taxes intended to limit environmental damage and GHG emissions. These may encompass pollution and discharges, emissions trading schemes, and carbon, fuel or other taxes. In addition, as discussed above, we are subject to increasing regulatory requirements around disclosures of our business impacts on the environment. Compliance with all of these requirements is complex. Requirements change frequently and the timing and substance of future changes is uncertain and difficult to predict. We incur, and expect to continue to incur, increased costs to comply, including: i) operating and capital expenditures for our facilities and equipment; ii) R D costs, including to design or re-design products to conform to changing emissions and efficiency requirements, and iii) costs for tools, talent, and resources to meet the increasing disclosure requirements (discussed above). Failure to comply may result in litigation and defense costs, fines, penalties and criminal sanctions; facility shutdowns to address violations; and investments in costly pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit emissions or discharges. Developments such as new environmental laws and regulations, enforcement actions, litigation, discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination conditions, product obsolescence, operational disruptions, inability to recover costs associated with any such developments, or the financial insolvency of other responsible parties, could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, and reputation. We face risks related to legal and regulatory proceedings. We are subject to various U.S. and foreign laws, regulations and other requirements, any violation of which could potentially create substantial liability and damage our reputation. Changes in laws, ordinances, regulations or other government policies -- the nature, timing, and effect of which are uncertain -- may significantly increase our expenses and liabilities. From time to time, we are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings that are incidental to the operation of our businesses (including that of acquired or previously owned entities). These proceedings may seek remedies relating to environmental matters, tax, securities, intellectual property, acquisitions or divestitures, product liability, property damage, personal injury, privacy, employment, labor and pensions, governmental and commercial or contractual issues or disputes. Our connected products and services and digital technologies and solutions have increased our exposure to intellectual property litigation and to evolving AI, data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, a risk we expect will grow as we execute on our innovation and technology priorities. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome of claims, investigations, regulatory proceedings, and lawsuits. We have in the past and could in the future incur judgments, fines or penalties, or enter into settlements. Regulatory determinations of non-compliance could require us to modify or cease operations at one or more facilities. With global and diverse operations and increasing regulation and enforcement globally, we will continue to face legal and compliance risks. Additional legal and regulatory proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, have in the past and may in the future arise from time to time. Subsequent developments in legal and regulatory proceedings may affect our assessments and estimates of loss contingencies recorded as a reserve and require us to make payments in excess of reserves. Any of these impacts could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 25 Infringement or expiration of our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of third parties could adversely affect us. We rely on numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property, as well as licenses to third-party intellectual property that are important to our business. These rights help differentiate our technologies, products and services and may provide competitive advantage. However, our rights may be limited in scope or duration and could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, misappropriated, independently developed by others, or designed around, particularly in jurisdictions where laws governing intellectual property rights are not highly developed, protected or enforced. Additionally, changes in intellectual property laws or regulations could adversely affect our ability to protect our rights, and rapid technological changes may render some intellectual property less valuable or useful, reducing our competitive advantage. Failure to obtain, maintain or protect intellectual property rights or the cost of enforcing them - could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We periodically receive claims alleging infringement or misappropriation of third-party intellectual property. We may not prevail in defending against these claims, asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating licenses on favorable terms. As a result, we could lose rights to critical technology, be required to pay substantial damages or license fees, or incur significant costs to redesign our products, any of which could adversely impact our competitive position and financial results. Even if we successfully defended such claims, we may incur significant legal costs and it may result in diversion of management attention and resources, which could negatively impact our operations. Furthermore, the loss or renegotiation of licenses to third-party intellectual property could disrupt our operations or increase costs. 