Item 1A. Risk Factors . You should carefully review the risks described below as they identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, expectations and historical trends. Any of the following risk factors, either by itself or together with other risk factors, could materially adversely affect our business, growth prospects, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. Risks Related to Food Safety and Catastrophic Events Food safety and food- or beverage-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business and/or our growth prospects. Food or beverage-borne illnesses (that can be caused by food-borne pathogens such as E. coli, Listeria, Salmonella, Cyclospora and Trichinosis) and food safety issues (such as food tampering and contamination including with respect to allergens or adulteration) have occurred and may occur within our system from time to time. In addition, the health and environmental risks of certain ubiquitous substances (including per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS)) commonly found in packaging have been the subject of increased regulatory scrutiny and lawsuits against us and other restaurant companies. Any report linking our or our Concepts franchisees restaurants, our suppliers or distributors or otherwise involving the types of products used at our restaurants, or linking our competitors, suppliers, distributors or the retail food industry generally, to instances of food- or beverage-borne illness or food safety issues or substances having perceived health or environmental risks could result in adverse publicity and otherwise adversely affect us and lead to consumer complaints, litigation and/or governmental investigations. There is also a risk that we or our Concepts franchisees restaurants, suppliers or distributors underreport food safety incidents or system failures, which could hinder response and tracking of such risks. Moreover, our Concepts restaurants' reliance on third-party food suppliers and distributors and increasing reliance on food delivery aggregators may increase the risk that food- or beverage-borne illness incidents and food safety issues could be caused by factors outside of our control. If a customer is believed to have become ill from food or beverage-borne illnesses or as a result of food safety issues, remediation efforts could include temporary closure of restaurants, which could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our reputation, business and/or our growth prospects. The occurrence of food-borne pathogens in restaurant products or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, which could result in disruptions in our supply chain and/or lower margins for us and our Concepts franchisees. Our business may be adversely affected by adverse public health conditions or the occurrence of other catastrophic or unforeseen events. Our business and/or growth prospects could be adversely impacted by various catastrophic or other unforeseen events (which may be beyond our control), including health epidemics or pandemics, natural disasters, geopolitical events, military conflict, terrorism, political, financial or social instability, boycotts, social or civil unrest, workplace violence, or other events that lead to avoidance of public places or restrictions on public gatherings, particularly if located in regions where we have significant operations. We could also be adversely affected if government authorities impose mandatory or voluntary closures, impose restrictions on operations of restaurants, or restrict the import or export of products, or if suppliers issue mass recalls of products, in connection with any such events. In addition, our operations could be disrupted if any employees at our or our Concepts franchisees restaurants had or were suspected of having avian flu or swine flu, or other highly communicable illnesses, since this may require us, or our Concepts franchisees, to quarantine employees and close facilities, including restaurants. Prior outbreaks of avian flu have resulted in confirmed human cases and it is possible that outbreaks could reach pandemic levels. Public concern over avian flu may cause fear about the consumption of chicken, eggs and other poultry products derived from poultry, which could adversely affect us given that poultry is widely offered at our Concepts restaurants. Avian flu outbreaks could also adversely affect the price and availability of poultry, which could negatively impact our business. 9 Risks Related to our Business Strategy and Reliance upon Franchisees Our operating results and growth strategies are closely tied to the success of our Concepts franchisees. The vast majority (97%) of our restaurants are operated by our Concepts franchisees. Our long-term growth depends on maintaining the pace of our new unit growth rate largely through our Concepts franchisees. We also rely on master franchisees, who have rights to license to sub-franchisees the right to develop and operate restaurants, to achieve our expectations for new unit development. If our Concepts franchisees and master franchisees do not meet our expectations for new unit development, we may not achieve our desired growth. We have limited control over how our Concepts franchisees businesses are run, and their inability to operate successfully could adversely affect our operating results through decreased royalties, advertising funds contributions, and fees paid to us for other discrete services we may provide to our Concepts franchisees Our control is further limited where we utilize master franchise arrangements, which require us to rely on our master franchisees to enforce sub-franchisee compliance with our operating standards. If our Concepts franchisees fail to adequately capitalize their businesses or incur too much debt, if their operating expenses or commodity prices increase or if economic or sales trends deteriorate such that franchisees are unable to operate profitably or repay existing debt, it could result in their financial distress, including insolvency or bankruptcy, or the inability to meet development targets or obligations. If any significant franchisee of our Concepts individually or in the aggregate becomes financially distressed, as has occurred from time to time, our operating results could be adversely impacted, and we could experience reduced new unit development. In addition, we are secondarily liable on certain Concepts franchisees restaurant lease agreements, including lease agreements that we have guaranteed or assigned to franchisees, and our operating results and/or growth prospects could be impacted by any rent obligations to the extent such franchisees default on these lease agreements. Our results may also be impacted by whether our Concepts franchisees implement marketing programs or other major initiatives, such as restaurant remodels or equipment or technology upgrades, which may require financial investment by such franchisees. Our Concepts may be unable to successfully implement strategies that we believe are necessary for growth if our Concepts franchisees do not participate, which may harm our growth prospects and financial results. Additionally, the failure of our Concepts franchisees to focus on key elements of restaurant operations, such as compliance with our operating standards addressing quality, service and cleanliness (even if such failures do not breach the franchise documents), may be attributed by guests to our Concepts brand and could negatively impact our reputation, business and/or our growth prospects. Franchisee noncompliance with our franchise agreements and/or or brand standards including by failing to meet health and safety standards, to engage in quality control or maintain product consistency or to comply with cybersecurity requirements, as well as through participation in improper business practices. Moreover, franchisee noncompliance with our franchise agreements and/or brand standards may lead to us to terminate franchise agreements and close related stores, which may have an impact on our results. For example, on January 8, 2025, we terminated franchise agreements with the owner and operator of KFC and Pizza Hut restaurants in Turkey after failure to meet our brand standards. We have franchise relationships that are particularly important to our business due to their scale and/or growth prospects such as our relationship with Yum China, our largest franchisee. We are a party to a Master License Agreements ( MLA ) with Yum China, pursuant to which Yum China is the exclusive licensee of the KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut Concepts and their related marks and other intellectual property rights for restaurant services in mainland China. Any failure to realize the expected benefits of key franchise relationships, including with Yum China, may adversely impact our business and growth prospects. Our growth strategy depends upon our and our Concepts franchisees ability to successfully open new restaurants and to operate these restaurants profitably. Our growth strategy depends on our and our Concepts franchisees ability to increase the number of restaurants around the world. The successful development of new units depends in large part on the ability of our Concepts franchisees to open new restaurants and to operate these restaurants profitably. Effectively managing growth can be challenging, particularly as we expand into new markets, and we cannot guarantee that we, or our Concepts franchisees, including Yum China, will be able to achieve our expansion goals or that new restaurants will be operated profitably, consistent with results of existing restaurants or with our or our Concepts franchisees expectations. Other risks that could impact our ability to open new restaurants include: (i) economic conditions and trade policy or economic policies or sanctions, (ii) our ability to attract new franchisees, (iii) new restaurant construction and development costs, (iv) our Concepts franchisees ability to meet new restaurant permitting, 10 construction, development and team member training timelines, and (v) consumer sentiment related to our Concepts, and (vi) supply chain challenges, including our ability to secure sufficient supply to support new restaurants. Expansion could also be affected by our Concepts franchisees willingness to invest capital or ability to obtain financing to construct and open new restaurants. If it becomes more difficult or more expensive for our Concepts franchisees to obtain financing to develop new restaurants, or if the perceived return on invested capital is not sufficiently attractive, our expected growth and future financial results could be adversely impacted. In addition, new restaurants could impact the sales of our Concepts existing restaurants nearby, and the risks of such sales cannibalization may become more significant in the future as we increase our presence in existing markets. We may not realize the anticipated benefits from past or potential future acquisitions, investments or other strategic transactions, or our portfolio business model. From time to time we have completed, and we may evaluate and continue to complete, mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, strategic partnerships, minority investments and other strategic transactions. Past and potential future strategic transactions may involve various inherent risks, including, without limitation: (i) expenses, delays or difficulties in integrating acquired companies, joint ventures, strategic partnerships or investments into our organization, including the failure to realize strategic alignment or expected synergies and/or the inability to retain key personnel; (ii) diversion of management s attention from other initiatives and/or day-to-day operations to effectively execute our growth strategy; (iii) inability to generate sufficient revenue, profit, and cash flow from acquired companies, joint ventures, strategic partnerships or investments; and (iv) the possibility that we have acquired substantial contingent or unanticipated liabilities in connection with acquisitions or other strategic transactions. Past and potential future strategic transactions may not ultimately create value for us and may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, growth prospects and financial results. In addition, our investments, including minority investments in certain franchisees, are potentially subject to changes in value, including through impairment, which have caused and could continue to cause, fluctuations in our results of operations. We have initiated a process to explore strategic options for the Pizza Hut brand, and there can be no assurance that this process will result in any transaction or outcome, that we will be able to realize the anticipated benefits of any transaction, if completed, or other outcome, or that this process will not adversely impact our business. We have initiated a process to explore strategic options for our Pizza Hut brand to maximize long-term value creation. Our ability to successfully engage in any transactions with regard to our Pizza Hut brand is subject to prevailing general, market and industry-specific economic conditions and certain regulatory, financial, business and other factors beyond our control. There is no assurance that this process will result in any transaction or outcome, or if any transaction is completed, the timing or terms of any such transaction. We expect to incur significant expenses in connection with this process, and there are risks inherent with this process, including the potential diversion of management s attention, interference with our ability to retain or attract key personnel and business partners, disruption of Pizza Hut or other businesses and exposure to litigation. It may also be disruptive to our business operations and long-term planning, which may cause concern to our current or potential investors, employees, strategic partners, vendors and other stakeholders and may have a material impact on our operating results or result in increased volatility in our stock price. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to realize the anticipated benefits of any transaction, if completed, or other outcome. We are taking steps to mitigate any impact to Pizza Hut's near-term results as a result of this review. In addition, we have aligned with stakeholders in the U.S. on a marketing program, modernization of certain technology and franchise agreements and a YUM contribution to marketing support. However, if we are unable to mitigate these and other risks related to this process, our business may be adversely affected. Risks Related to Operating a Global Business We have significant exposure to the Chinese market through our largest franchisee, Yum China, which subjects us to risks that could negatively affect our business and/or our growth prospects. 11 A meaningful portion of our total business, particularly with respect to our KFC Concept, is conducted in mainland China through our largest franchisee, Yum China. We are contractually entitled to receive a 3% sales-based license fee on all Yum China system sales related to our KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut Concepts. Yum China s business is exposed to risks in mainland China, which include, among others, potential political, trade, financial and social instability, changes in economic conditions (including consumer spending, unemployment levels and ongoing wage and commodity inflation), consumer preferences, the regulatory environment (including uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations), heightened data and cybersecurity risks associated with the conduct of business in China, and food safety related matters (including compliance with food safety regulations and our ability to ensure product quality and safety). Any significant or prolonged deterioration in U.S. China relations, including as a result of changes in U.S. China foreign policy, trade regimes or trade disputes, or geopolitical developments, could adversely affect our Concepts in mainland China. Additionally, Chinese law regulates Yum China s business conducted in mainland China, and as such our license fee from the Yum China business is subject to numerous uncertainties based on Chinese laws, regulations and policies, which may change from time to time. If Yum China s business is harmed or development of our Concepts restaurants is slowed in mainland China due to any of these factors, it could negatively impact the license fee paid by Yum China to us, which would negatively impact our financial results. Our relationship with Yum China is governed primarily by the MLA, as amended from time to time, which may be terminated upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the insolvency or bankruptcy of Yum China. In addition, if we are unable to enforce our intellectual property or contract rights in mainland China, if Yum China is unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations under the MLA, or if the MLA is otherwise terminated, it could result in an interruption in the operation of our brands that have been exclusively licensed to Yum China for use in mainland China. Disputes over the proper interpretation of the MLA have arisen in the past and may arise from time to time in the future. Such interruption or disputes could cause a delay in, or loss of, the license fee paid to us, which would negatively impact our financial results. Our global operations subject us to risks that could negatively affect our business. A significant portion of our Concepts restaurants are operated outside of the U.S., and we intend to continue expansion of our global operations. As a result, our and our Concepts franchisees business and/or growth prospects are increasingly exposed to risks inherent in global operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by country, include political, financial or social instability or conditions, corruption, anti-American sentiment and perception of our Concepts as American brands, social and ethnic unrest, natural disasters, military conflicts and terrorism, as well as exposure to the macroeconomic environment in such markets, the regulatory environment (including related to the enforceability of legal requirements and contract and intellectual property rights), and income and non-income based tax rates and laws. Additional risks include the impact of trade disputes and tariffs, restrictive actions of foreign or U.S. governmental authorities affecting trade or foreign investment, import restrictions and controls, sanctions, foreign exchange control regimes (including restrictions on currency conversion), health guidelines and safety protocols, labor costs and conditions, compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other similar laws prohibiting bribery of government officials and other corrupt practices, and the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in countries where our Concepts restaurants are operated. For example, we have been subject to a regulatory enforcement action in India alleging violation of foreign exchange laws for failure to satisfy conditions of certain operating approvals, such as minimum investment and store build requirements as well as limitations on the remittance of fees outside of the country (see Note 20). As a result of our global operations, we have significant exposure to geopolitical events and instability. We have been adversely affected in the past, and may in the future be adversely affected, by events such as increasing anti-American sentiment and instability and conflicts in the Middle East. Such conflicts have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect our business and operations as result of, among other things, the economic consequences and disruptions from such conflicts, increased energy and supply prices, weaker consumer sentiment for Western brands, consumer reaction to perceived acts or failures to act by us or our Concepts including maintaining operations in countries or regions that are linked to such conflicts, and economic sanctions restricting cross-border commerce. In addition, we and our Concepts franchisees do business in jurisdictions that may be subject to trade or economic sanction regimes, which sanctions could be expanded. Any failure to comply with such sanctions or other similar legal requirements could result in the imposition of damages or penalties, the suspension of business licenses, or a cessation of operations at our Concepts restaurants, as well as damage to our and our Concepts brand images and reputations. 12 Foreign currency risks and foreign exchange controls could adversely affect our financial results. Our results of operations, growth prospects and the value of our assets are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which have had, and may continue to have adverse effects on our reported earnings. More specifically, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar, relative to other currencies, such as the Chinese Renminbi ( RMB ), Australian Dollar, the British Pound and the Euro, as well as currencies in certain other markets have historically affected and may continue to affect our reported earnings. Any significant fluctuation in the value of currencies of countries in which we or our Concepts franchisees operate, particularly the RMB in China, could materially impact the U.S. dollar value of royalty payments made to us, which could result in lower revenues, could lead to increased costs and lower profitability to us or our Concepts franchisees and/or could cause us or our Concepts franchisees to increase prices to customers, which could negatively impact sales in these markets and harm our financial results. In addition, the governments in certain countries where our Concepts operate, including China, restrict the conversion of local currency into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the country. Currency control restrictions on the conversion of other currencies to U.S. dollars or restrictions imposed by countries on cash remittances could cause royalty payments to us to be delayed, remitted only partially or not at all, which could cause us to incur bad debt expense and impact our liquidity. Risks Related to Technology, Data Privacy and Intellectual Property Any cybersecurity incident, including the failure to protect the integrity or availability of IT systems or the security of Confidential Information, or the introduction of malware or ransomware, could materially affect our business, financial results and/or our growth prospects and result in substantial costs, litigation, reputational harm and a loss of consumer confidence. Our business relies heavily on computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online websites, platforms and networks (collectively, IT Systems ) to support both internal and external, including franchisee-related, operations. We own and manage some of these IT Systems but also rely on third parties for a range of IT Systems and related products and services. In addition, we and other parties (such as vendors, food delivery aggregators and franchisees), collect, transmit and/or maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our customers, employees, vendors and franchisees, as well as proprietary information pertaining to our business (collectively, Confidential Information ). The security and availability of our IT Systems and Confidential Information is critical to our business and is regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding laws and regulations in various jurisdictions, certain third-party contracts and industry standards. The current cyber threat environment presents increased risk for all companies, including companies in our industry. The cybersecurity risks we face include cyber-attacks involving ransomware and malicious software, advanced persistent threats, social engineering, credential stuffing or distributed denial-of-service attacks and other attempts by malicious threat actors, including nation-state actors, ransomware groups, and others to access, acquire, use, disclose, misappropriate, shut down or manipulate our information, systems, databases, processes and people. In addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence ( AI ) and other emerging technologies may heighten our cybersecurity risks by making cyber-attacks and social engineering more difficult to detect, contain and mitigate. Further, the cybersecurity risks we face have increased in recent years due to an increase in the use of and reliance on our digital commerce platforms and products. Moreover, remote working and personal device use further increases the risk of cyber incidents and the improper dissemination of personal or Confidential Information. We are regularly the target of cyber-attacks and other attempts to breach, or gain unauthorized access to, our systems and data. Moreover, given the current cyber threat environment, we expect the volume and intensity of cyber-attacks and attempted intrusions to continue to increase. There is no assurance that our security measures, cybersecurity risk management programs and processes will be fully implemented, complied with, sufficient or effective in protecting our systems and information. Despite such security measures and processes, we, and the third parties upon which we rely, have experienced security incidents from time to time and we and such third parties will continue to experience such incidents in the future. In particular, on January 18, 2023, we announced a ransomware attack that impacted certain IT Systems which resulted in the closure of fewer than 300 restaurants in one market for one day, temporarily disrupted certain of our affected systems and resulted in data being taken from our network. As disclosed under Part I, Item 1C of this Form 10-K, we remain subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the incident, including as a result of the data that was taken from our network and putative class actions filed against us in connection with this incident. If our IT Systems or the information systems of any of our Concepts franchisees, or other third parties which we interact, such as suppliers, distributors or third-party delivery providers, are disrupted or compromised, in a manner which impacts us or our IT Systems, as a result of a cyber-attack, data or security breach, or other security incident or fraud, or if our employees, franchisees, suppliers or vendors fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations or fail to meet contractual and industry standards in connection therewith, any such developments could result in liabilities and penalties, have an adverse impact on 13 our financial results and growth prospects, damage our brands and reputation, cause interruption of normal business operations, cause us to incur substantial costs, result in a loss of consumer confidence and sales, disrupt our supply chain, business and plans, result in the loss, misappropriation, corruption or unauthorized access, acquisition, use or disclosure of data or inability to access data, including the release of Confidential Information, and subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions. Moreover, any significant cybersecurity event which impacts us or our IT Systems could require us to devote significant management time and resources to address such events, interfere with our pursuit of other important business strategies and initiatives, and cause us to incur additional expenditures, which could be material, including to investigate such events, remedy cybersecurity problems, respond to an extortion demand, recover lost data, prevent future compromises and adapt systems and practices in response to such events. There is no assurance that any remedial actions will meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our IT Systems, particularly because malicious actors are increasingly sophisticated and utilize tools and techniques specifically designed to circumvent security measures, avoid detection and obfuscate forensic evidence, which means we may be unable to identify, investigate or remediate effectively or in a timely manner. Further, we are subject to an increasing number of cybersecurity reporting obligations in different jurisdictions that vary in their scope and application, which may create conflicting reporting obligations and inhibit our ability to quickly provide complete and reliable information about cybersecurity incidents to customers, counterparties, and regulators, as well as the public. Additionally, insurance coverage maintained by us and our Concepts franchisees designed to address certain aspects of cybersecurity risks may exclude certain types of claims or otherwise be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. Further, the payment card industry sets controls standards used in the transmission and approval of electronic payment transactions. If we or our Concepts franchisees fail to comply with the global Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards or fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card and debit card transactions, we or our Concepts franchisees may face civil liability, reputational damage, fines and assessments from the card brands, and significantly higher credit card and debit card related costs, any of which could adversely affect us. The failure to maintain satisfactory compliance with l egal requirements regarding data privacy, data protection and emerging technologies may adversely affect our business and/or growth prospects and subject us to penalties. Data privacy is subject to frequently changing legal requirements, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions where we and our Concepts franchisees do business. We are subject to numerous global laws, including but not limited to, the European Union s ( E.U. ) General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) and the U.K. General Data Protection Regulations, which impose strict data protection requirements and provide for significant penalties for noncompliance. Further, we engage in marketing and customer engagement activities that are subject to communications and consumer privacy laws, such as the Telephone Consumer Protect Act and similar state laws. There is a rapid increase in private claims of alleged breach of communications and privacy laws in the U.S. and abroad, under a diverse range of theories relying on wiretapping, pen registry, and communication consent statutes. In addition, an increasing number of jurisdictions where we and our Concepts franchisees operate have enacted privacy and data protection laws, or are considering enacting or expanding such laws. These and other newly enacted and evolving legal requirements, have required, and may continue to require, us and our Concepts franchisees to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses to comply. Additionally, state regulatory bodies and other governmental authorities tasked with enforcing new privacy laws are engaging in enforcement investigations and actions. In particular, state attorneys general and regulatory bodies are increasingly focused on businesses practices for collecting and sharing consumer information digitally, including how businesses allow consumers to opt-out of certain uses and disclosures and exercise other rights granted by privacy laws. Additionally, future enforcement priorities from these bodies may be unclear or changing. While we have established procedures to manage individual privacy requests from consumers and employees intended to ensure compliance with privacy laws, there remains potential residual risk of failure to comply with comprehensive privacy laws passed at the international, federal or state level and this may result in regulatory enforcement action, lawsuits, the imposition of monetary penalties, and damage to our reputation, or require us to modify our operations. The increasingly complex, restrictive and evolving regulatory environment at the international, federal and state level related to data privacy and data protection may require significant continued effort and cost, changes to our business practices and impact our ability to obtain and use data to provide personalized experiences for our customers. In addition, failure to comply with applicable requirements may subject us and our Concepts franchisees to fines, sanctions, governmental investigation, lawsuits and other potential liability, as well as reputational harm. The Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) and many state attorneys general are also interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the collection, use, dissemination and security of personal data. The FTC may seek enforcement action for violation of consumer protection laws including unfair or deceptive practices relating to privacy policies, consumer data collection and processing consent, and digital advertising practices. Moreover, new and changing cross-border data transfer requirements, have required and may continue to require us to incur costs to comply and have impacted the transfer of personal data throughout our organization and to third parties. Additionally, we are subject to increasing legal requirements with respect to the use of AI and machine learning applications and tools (including in relation to hiring and 14 employment practices and in digitally marketing our Concepts), data collected from minors, and biometric information. These legal requirements are rapidly changing and are not consistent across jurisdictions, and our inability to adapt to or comply with such legal requirements may adversely impact us, including as the result of liabilities or penalties as the result of any such non-compliance. Unreliable or inefficient restaurant technology or the failure to successfully implement technology initiatives could adversely impact our business and the overall consumer experience. We and our Concepts franchisees rely heavily on IT Systems to efficiently operate our restaurants and drive the customer experience, sales growth and margin improvement, as well as to gather and leverage data to enhance restaurant operations and improve the customer experience. These IT Systems, including our proprietary Byte By Yum! platform and third-party technology systems, are subject to damage, interruption or failure due to theft, fire, power outages, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, employee misuse, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks including the introduction of malware or ransomware or other disruptive behavior by hackers, or other catastrophic events. If our or our Concepts franchisees IT Systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could adversely impact our reputation, growth prospects, and financial results. Moreover, technology and consumer offerings continue to develop, and our failure to adequately invest in or implement new technology (e.g., automation, AI, new delivery channels) or adapt to technological advancements and industry trends, particularly with respect to digital commerce capabilities, could result in dissatisfaction from our customers or our employees (or the employees of our Concepts franchisees), negative publicity, or adversely impact our financial results.. If our Concepts digital commerce platforms do not meet customers expectations in terms of security, speed, privacy, attractiveness or ease of use, customers may be less inclined to return to such digital commerce platforms, which could negatively impact us and our Concepts franchisees. Developing and implementing consumers evolving technology demands may place a significant financial burden on us and our Concepts franchisees, and our Concepts franchisees may have differing views on investment priorities. Our strategic digital and technology initiatives may not be implemented timely or may not achieve the desired results. Failure to adequately manage implementations, updates or enhancements of new technology or interfaces between platforms could place us at a competitive disadvantage, and disrupt and otherwise adversely impact our operations and/or growth prospects. It may be difficult to recruit and retain qualified individuals for these efforts due to intense competition for developers necessary to innovate, develop and implement new technologies for us. Even if we effectively implement and manage these technology initiatives, there is no guarantee that this will result in sales growth or margin improvement. In addition, certain IT Systems that are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties may also be unreliable or inefficient, and technology vendors may limit or terminate product support and maintenance, which could impact the reliability of critical systems operations. Further, if there are issues with proprietary technology, we may be subject to liability or financial penalties to our Concepts franchisees. We continue to allocate significant resources to develop, accelerate and implement our digital, technology, and innovation capabilities, including various AI capabilities. The development of such AI initiatives is complex and uncertain, and presents various risks and uncertainties, including as the result of the rapidly evolving legal, regulatory and ethical landscape associated with the use of AI. Our efforts to integrate AI capabilities into our business may result in unanticipated consequences and complications, and if we do not successfully implement our AI initiatives, or if we encounter other failures in our AI systems or initiatives, this could result in legal and regulatory risk, brand or reputational harm, and other adverse impacts. Further, if we fail to leverage AI technologies as effectively or rapidly as our peers, our competitiveness and financial results could be adversely impacted. There are risks associated with our increasing dependence on digital commerce and delivery platforms to maintain and grow sales. Customers are increasingly using our internally-owned e-commerce websites and apps, such as kfc.com, tacobell.com, pizzahut.com, habitburger.com, and the KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and the Habit Burger Grill apps in the U.S. and other regions. Our customers also increasingly utilize alternative methods of digital ordering and delivery technology, including apps owned by third-party delivery aggregators and third-party developers and payment processors, to order, pay for and have delivered our Concepts products. As a result, our Concepts and our Concepts franchisees are increasingly reliant on digital ordering and payment as a sales channel and our business and/or growth prospects could be negatively impacted if we are unable to successfully implement, execute or maintain our consumer-facing digital initiatives, such as kiosks, delivery, curbside pick-up and mobile carryout, or are otherwise unable to effectively adapt to developments associated with alternative methods of delivery, including advances in digital ordering and delivery technology, autonomous vehicle delivery, and changes in consumer behavior resulting from these developments. 15 If the third-party aggregators that we utilize for delivery, cease or curtail their operations, fail to maintain sufficient labor force to satisfy demand, provide poor customer service, materially change fees, access or visibility to our products, or give greater priority or promotions to our competitors, our business may be negatively impacted. In addition, third-party delivery aggregators typically charge restaurants a per order fee, and as such utilizing third-party delivery may not be as profitable as sales directly to our customers, and may also introduce food quality and customer satisfaction risks outside of our control. The third-party delivery business is also the subject of increased scrutiny from regulators, which may result in additional expenses that the third-party delivery businesses and aggregators may seek to pass through to participating restaurants. These digital ordering and payment platforms used in connection with our restaurants also could be damaged or interrupted by power loss, technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks, other forms of sabotage, inclement weather or natural disasters and have experienced, and may continue to experience, interruptions limiting or delaying customers ability to order through such platforms and potentially making customers less inclined to return to such platforms. The rapid acceleration in growth of digital sales has placed additional stress on those platforms that are more reliant upon legacy technology, which may result in more frequent and potentially more severe interruptions. Moreover, our reliance on multiple digital commerce platforms to support our global footprint, multiple Concepts and highly franchised business model could increase our vulnerability to cyber-attacks and/or security breaches and could necessitate additional expenditures as we endeavor to consolidate and standardize such platforms. Yum China, our largest franchisee, utilizes third-party mobile payment apps such as Alipay, WeChat Pay and Union Pay as a means through which to generate sales and process payments. Should customers become unable to access mobile payment apps in China, should the relationship between Yum China and one or more third-party mobile payment processors become interrupted, or should Yum China s ability to use such third-party mobile payment apps in its operations be restricted, its business could be adversely affected, which could have a negative impact on the license fee paid to us. Our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the increased impact of social media could adversely impact our business and/or growth prospects. There has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms and websites, including blogs, chat and messaging platforms, video-sharing platforms, and other forms of Internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience. The rising popularity of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination and given users the ability to more effectively organize collective actions such as boycotts and other brand-damaging behaviors. Many social media platforms immediately publish content, often without context, or filters or checks on accuracy. As such companies may be unable to investigate or effectively respond to negative information or content disseminated in this manner, including fictitious media content (such as content produced by generative AI or bad actors). As such the dissemination of negative, inaccurate or malicious information about us through such channels has in the past and could in the future harm our reputation, business and/or growth prospects, regardless of the information s accuracy. In addition, social media is frequently used by our Concepts or Concepts franchisees to communicate with customers and the public. Failure by our Concepts or Concepts franchisees to use social media effectively or appropriately, particularly considering the global environment we operate in or as compared to our Concepts competitors, could lead to a decline in brand reputation, customer visits and revenue. Social media is also increasingly used to compel companies to express public positions on issues and topics not directly related to their core business, which could prove controversial or divisive to consumers and result in lost sales or a misallocation of resources. In addition, laws and regulations, including FTC enforcement, are rapidly evolving to govern social media platforms and communications. A failure of us, our employees, our Concepts franchisees or third parties acting at our direction or on our behalf, or others perceived to be associated with us or our Concepts franchisees, to abide by applicable laws and regulations regarding the use of social media, or to appropriately use social media, could adversely impact our Concepts brands, our reputation and our business, or subject us or our Concepts franchisees to penalties or litigation. Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our Concepts brands, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious dissemination of false information. Failure to protect our trademarks or other intellectual property could harm our Concepts brands and overall business and/or growth prospects. We regard our registered trademarks (e.g., Yum! Brands , KFC , Taco Bell , Pizza Hut and Habit ), unregistered trademarks, copyrightable works, inventions, software, domain names, proprietary technologies (such as Byte by Yum!) and trade secrets related to our restaurant businesses as having significant value and being important to our marketing efforts. Our 16 trademarks, many of which are registered in various jurisdictions, create brand awareness and help build goodwill among our customers. We rely on a combination of legal protections, including trademark registrations, contractual terms, copyrights, patents and common law rights, such as unfair competition, passing off and trade secret laws to protect our intellectual property from potential infringement. However, from time to time, we become aware of other persons or companies using names and marks that are identical or confusingly similar to our brands names and marks, or using other proprietary intellectual property we own. Although our policy is to assess and, where appropriate, challenge infringements and other unauthorized uses of our intellectual property, certain known or unknown unauthorized uses or other misappropriation of our trademarks and other intellectual property may exist that could diminish the value of our Concepts brands and adversely affect our business and goodwill. In addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our Concepts have, or may in the future open or franchise, a restaurant and the laws of some countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. There can be no assurance that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property or the legal protections that may be available will be adequate or that our Concepts franchisees will maintain the quality of the goods and services offered under our brands trademarks or always act in accordance with guidelines we set for maintaining our brands intellectual property rights, including proprietary technology. Further, defending or enforcing our trademarks and other intellectual property, including proprietary technologies and digital platforms, could result in significant expenditures. We may also be targets of infringement claims that could interfere with the use of certain names, trademarks, works of authorship, and/or the proprietary technologies, inventions, recipes, or trade secrets used in our business. The technology landscape in which we operate is highly competitive, increasing risk of inadvertent infringement and costly dispute. Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property or defend against such claims could result in significant expenses or operational disruption, and as a result of such claims, we may be prohibited from using such intellectual property or proprietary information in the future or forced to pay damages, royalties, or other fees for using such proprietary information, any of which could negatively affect our business, growth prospects, reputation and financial results. Risks Related to Our Supply Chain and Employment Shortages or interruptions in the availability and delivery of food, equipment and other supplies may increase costs or reduce revenues. The products sold or used by our Concepts and their franchisees are sourced from a wide variety of suppliers although certain products and equipment have limited suppliers, which increases our reliance on those suppliers. We, along with our Concepts franchisees, are also dependent upon third parties to make frequent deliveries of food products, equipment and supplies that meet our specifications at competitive prices. We have experienced from time to time, and may continue to experience, supply chain disruptions and shortages or interruptions in the supply or distribution of food items, equipment and other supplies to our Concepts restaurants, which have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business. Future shortages or disruptions could also be caused by factors such as natural disasters, health epidemics and pandemics, social unrest, the impacts of climate change, inaccurate forecasting of customer demand, problems in production or distribution, restrictions on imports or exports including due to trade policy, the inability of suppliers to obtain credit, political instability in the countries in which the suppliers and distributors are located, the financial instability of suppliers and distributors, suppliers or distributors failure to meet our standards or requirements, transitioning to new suppliers or distributors, product quality issues or recalls, inflation, labor unrest or work stoppages, food safety warnings or advisories, the cancellation of supply or distribution agreements or an inability to renew such arrangements or to find replacements on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, in the U.S., the Company and the Company s KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut franchisee groups are members of Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions, LLC ( RSCS ), which is a third party responsible for purchasing certain restaurant products and equipment. Habit Burger Grill entered into a purchasing agreement with RSCS in 2020. RSCS manages our relationship with McLane Foodservice, Inc. ( McLane ) which serves as the largest distributor for the Company s KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut Concepts in the U.S. RSCS and McLane both have certain contractual rights to terminate the relevant distribution contract upon a specified notice period. Any failure or inability of our significant suppliers or distributors to meet their respective service requirements or any termination of relevant agreements without a notice period sufficient to enable an appropriate transition, could result in shortages or interruptions in the availability of food and other supplies. The loss of key personnel, labor shortages and increased labor costs could adversely affect our business. 17 Much of our future success depends on the continued availability and service of senior management personnel. The loss or failure to engage in adequate succession planning of any of our executive officers or other key senior management personnel could harm our business and/or our growth prospects. In addition, changes in our leadership, including changes to the Company s senior leadership team may present management transition challenges, and the effectiveness with which these changes are implemented could influence our financial results. Our restaurant operations are highly service-oriented, and our success depends in part on our and our Concepts franchisees ability to attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees, including franchisee management, restaurant managers and other crew members. Our Concepts and their franchisees have experienced and may continue to experience labor shortages and employee turnover at many restaurants and increased competition for qualified employees. These labor market conditions and the ongoing inflationary environment in markets where we operate have increased, and may continue to increase, the labor costs for our Concepts and their franchisees, including due to the payment of higher wages to attract or retain qualified employees and due to increased overtime costs to meet demand. Additionally, recent changes in immigration regulation and enforcement in the U.S. could decrease the pool of candidates with legal work authorizations, cause disruptions in the workforce for companies (such as restaurant companies) and increase the cost, time and requirements to hire new employees. Moreover, there may be a long-term trend toward higher wages in emerging markets as well as various other markets. In addition, increases in labor costs have been driven by, and may continue to be driven by regulatory requirements to raise minimum wages, including in connection with the increases in minimum wages that have recently been enacted in various jurisdictions. For example, California's Assembly Bill No. 1228 ( AB 1228 ), which became effective during 2024, has various provisions impacting our Concepts, including an increase in the minimum wage to for workers at quick service restaurants in the state that are part of a national chain. AB 1228 has increased, and is expected to continue to increase the operating costs for our Concepts restaurants in California, and may otherwise adversely impact and disrupt our operations in California. The inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals at the store level, coupled with increased labor costs, may result in reduced operating hours, have a negative impact on service or customer experience, delay our planned use, development or deployment of technology, impact planned openings of new restaurants, or result in closures of existing restaurants by us and our Concepts franchisees, any of which could adversely affect our business. In addition, our Concepts and their franchisees have been, and will continue to be, subject to the risk of increasing union activity in the restaurant space. In the event of a strike, work slowdown or other labor unrest, the ability to adequately staff at the store level could be impaired, which could adversely impact our operations. An increase in food prices and other operating costs may adversely impact our business and/or our growth prospects. Our and our Concepts franchisees businesses depend on reliable sources of large quantities of raw materials such as proteins (including poultry, pork, beef and seafood), cheese, oil, flour and vegetables (including potatoes and lettuce). Raw materials purchased for use in our Concepts restaurants are subject to price volatility caused by fluctuations in aggregate supply and demand, or other external conditions, such as weather and climate conditions, energy costs or natural events or disasters that affect expected harvests of such raw materials, taxes and tariffs, industry demand, inflationary conditions, labor shortages, transportation issues, fuel costs, food safety concerns, product recalls, governmental regulation and other factors. We have recently experienced an increase in the price of various raw materials (including beef) and other operating costs and expect to continue to experience an increase in the price of certain raw materials and operating costs, which has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, while recent increases in tariffs by the U.S. and retaliatory measures by global trading partners have not had a significant impact on our aggregate supply costs, such trade developments have increased, and may continue to increase, the cost of certain products that we and our franchisors source, and may otherwise disrupt our supply chain. We and/or our Concepts franchisees have taken, and may continue to take, certain actions as a result of inflationary increases in food and other operating costs noted above, including by increasing food prices beyond typical pricing patterns at certain of our Concepts restaurants, attempting to negotiate favorable pricing terms with our suppliers and/or shifting to suppliers with more favorable pricing where feasible, and utilizing forward contracts and commodity futures and options contracts where possible to hedge commodity prices. However, because we and our Concepts franchisees provide competitively priced food, we have not always been able to pass through to our customers the full amount of cost increases experienced by us and our Concepts franchisees. If we and our Concepts franchisees are unable to manage the cost of raw materials or to increase the prices of products proportionately, our and our Concepts franchisees profit margins and return on invested capital may be adversely impacted. Moreover, many customers at our Concepts restaurants are sensitive to price increases, and to the extent that we raise menu prices to offset these costs, this could result in decreased consumer demand and adversely affect our business. 18 Risks Related to our Concepts Brands and Reputation Our success depends substantially on our corporate reputation and on the value and perception of our brands. Our success and growth strategy depends in large part upon our ability and our Concepts franchisees ability to maintain and enhance our corporate reputation and the value and perception of our brands. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions regarding a variety of subjective factors, including the nutritional content and preparation of our food, our ingredients, food safety, our business practices, how we source commodities, and our pricing. Consumer acceptance of our offerings is subject to change and some changes can occur rapidly. For example, nutritional, health and other scientific studies and conclusions, which constantly evolve and may have contradictory implications, drive popular opinion, litigation and regulation (including initiatives intended to drive consumer behavior) in ways that may affect perceptions of our Concepts brands generally or relative to alternatives. The retail food industry has also been subject to scrutiny and claims that the menus and practices of restaurant chains have led to customer health issues, such as weight gain and other adverse effects. Publicity about these matters may harm our Concepts reputations and adversely affect our business. Moreover, this scrutiny could lead to increased regulation of the content or marketing of our products, including legislation or regulation taxing and/or regulating food with high-fat, sugar and salt content, or foods otherwise deemed to be unhealthy , such as ultra-processed foods, which may increase costs of compliance and remediation to us and our Concepts franchisees. Additionally, if the demand for offerings at our Concepts restaurants and other fast-casual or quick service segments of the retail food industry decreases or shifts as a result of wellness trends or changing dietary preferences, including as a result of developments in or the increased adoption of weight loss medications, our business and/or financial results may be adversely impacted. In addition, business or other incidents, whether isolated or recurring, and whether originating from us, our Concepts restaurants, franchisees, competitors, governments, third-party delivery providers, suppliers or distributors, can significantly reduce brand value and consumer perception, particularly if the incidents receive considerable publicity or result in litigation or investigations. For example, the reputation of our Concepts brands could be damaged by negative publicity, or claims or perceptions (whether real or perceived) regarding the quality, safety or reputation of our products, suppliers, distributors or franchisees; that we, founders of our Concepts, our Concepts franchisees or other business partners have acted or are acting in an unethical, illegal, racially-biased or socially irresponsible manner, are not fostering environment of opportunity and belonging or have an actual or perceived allegiance towards one community over another, including with respect to the service and treatment of customers at our Concepts restaurants, and our or our Concepts franchisees treatment of employees; Company action or brand imagery; misconduct by any of our or our Concepts franchisees employees; utilization of emerging technologies such as AI; or a real or perceived failure of corporate governance. Any such developments could adversely impact the perception of our Concepts brands or our products, reduce consumer demand for our products or otherwise adversely impact us. We cannot guarantee that franchisees or other third parties with licenses to use our intellectual property will not take actions that may harm the value of our intellectual property. While franchisee use of our Concepts trademarks are governed through franchise agreements and we monitor use of our trademarks by both franchisees and third parties, franchisees or other third parties may use our trademarks in ways, or may refer to or make statements about our Concepts brands that do not make proper use of our trademarks or required designations, that improperly alter trademarks or branding, or that are critical of our Concepts brands or place our Concepts brands in a context that may tarnish their reputation. Moreover, unauthorized third parties, including our Concepts current and former franchisees, may use our intellectual property to trade on the goodwill of our Concepts brands, resulting in consumer confusion or brand dilution. Our ability to reach consumers and drive results is heavily influenced by brand marketing and advertising and our ability to adapt to evolving consumer preferences, including developing and launching new and innovative products and offerings. Our marketing and advertising programs may not be as successful, or may not be successful as our competitors, which may adversely affect our reputation and business. In addition, any decisions we may make to collaborate or cease to collaborate with certain endorsers or marketing partners in light of actions taken or statements made by them could seriously harm our brand image with consumers, and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on our reputation and financial results. We and our Concepts franchisees are subject to heightened and evolving expectations and requirements with respect to social and environmental sustainability matters, which expose us and our Concepts franchisees to numerous risks. Many investors, members of the public, governmental authorities, and other organizations are focused on environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) matters, such as climate change, greenhouse gases, packaging and waste, human rights, diversity, sustainable supply chain practices, animal health and welfare, deforestation, land, energy and water use and other corporate responsibility matters. At the same time, other stakeholders and governmental authorities have increasingly expressed opposing views, legislation and investment expectations with respect to sustainability initiatives, including so-called anti-ESG legislation 19 or policies. Further, we and our Concepts franchisees are and may become subject to new or changing rules and regulations promulgated by governmental and self-regulatory organizations with respect to ESG matters, including reporting requirements under the EU s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive which will be applicable to us. These rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations which may be conflicting, have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, an increase in expenses and management focus associated with satisfying such regulations and expectations. Further, as a result of these expectations and requirements, as well as our commitment to ESG matters, we may continue to establish. expand or modify goals, commitments or targets, and take actions to meet such goals, commitments and targets. Further, these goals, commitments and targets reflect our current plans and aspirations, are challenging and subject to change at our discretion and may be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we or our Concepts franchisees may be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of disclosures. Further, these goals may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and other risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. If our or our Concepts franchisees data, processes and reporting with respect to ESG matters are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we or our Concepts franchisees fail to achieve progress with respect to these goals on a timely basis, consumer and investor trust in our brands may suffer. In addition, some stakeholders and governmental authorities may object to the scope or nature of our ESG initiatives or goals, or any revisions to these initiatives or goals (or those of our Concepts franchisees), which could give rise to negative responses by governmental authorities (such as retaliatory legislative actions or regulatory investigations or proceedings) or consumers (such as boycotts, lawsuits or negative publicity campaigns) that could adversely affect us or our brand value. We may be adversely affected by climate change. We, and our Concepts franchisees properties and operations, could be adversely affected by the physical and/or transitional effects of climate change, which is predicted to result in ongoing changes in global weather patterns and more frequent and severe weather-related events such as droughts, wildfires, hurricanes and other natural disasters. Such adverse weather-related impacts may also adversely affect the general economy in countries where we operate, disrupt our operations, cause restaurant closures or delay the opening of new restaurants, adversely impact our supply chain and increase the costs of (and decrease the availability of) food and other supplies needed for our operations. In addition, various legislative and regulatory efforts to combat climate change may increase in the future, which could result in additional taxes, increased compliance costs, and otherwise disrupt and adversely impact us and our Concepts franchisees. Risks Related to Government Regulation and Litigation We may be subject to litigation that could adversely affect us by increasing our expenses, diverting management attention or subjecting us to significant monetary damages and other remedies. We are regularly involved in legal proceedings, which include regulatory claims or disputes by claimants such as franchisees, suppliers, employees, customers, governments and others related to operational, commercial, foreign exchange, tax, franchise, contractual or employment issues. These claims or disputes may relate to personal injury, employment, antitrust, real estate, environmental, tort, intellectual property, false advertising, breach of contract, technology services, data privacy, securities, consumer protection, derivative and other litigation matters. Plaintiffs often seek recovery of large or indeterminate amounts, and lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Company s control). We may also be adversely affected by unfavorable rulings or developments in cases we are not involved in. Moreover, regardless of whether any such lawsuits have merit, or whether we are ultimately held liable or settle, such litigation may be expensive to defend, may divert resources and management attention, and may negatively impact our financial results. With respect to insured claims, a judgment for damages in excess of any insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition and/or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also adversely affect our Concepts reputations, which could adversely affect our financial results. 20 Changes in, or non-compliance with, legal requirements may adversely affect our business operations, growth prospects or financial condition. The Company, and our Concepts and their franchisees, are subject to numerous laws and regulations around the world which change regularly and are increasingly complex, including: the Americans with Disabilities Act in the U.S. and similar laws; laws related to employment, including the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act, the U.S. Family and Medical Leave Act, laws related to workplace health and safety, meal and rest breaks, exempt classification, non-discrimination, non-harassment, and whistleblower protections, and laws related to union organizing rights and activities; laws and regulations in government-mandated health care benefits such as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in the U.S.; laws and regulations relating to nutritional content, nutritional labeling, product safety, product marketing and menu labeling; laws relating to state and local licensing; laws relating to the relationship between franchisors and franchisees; laws and regulations relating to health, sanitation, food, workplace safety, child labor, including laws regulating the use of certain hazardous equipment , building and zoning, and fire safety and prevention; laws relating to information and data security, privacy, cashless payments, consumer protection, and the use of AI and other emerging technologies; laws relating to our use of third party aggregators; laws relating to international trade and sanctions, tariffs, and currency conversion or exchange; anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; environmental laws and regulations, including with respect to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions; federal and state immigration laws and regulations; and laws related to public company compliance, disclosure and governance matters. We may also be adversely impacted by legal developments resulting in broader standards for determining when two or more entities may be found to be joint employers of the same employees under laws such as the National Labor Relations Act (the NLRA ). In this regard, while the joint employer rule issued by the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) under the prior administration, which would have provided for more expansive joint employer standards, is no longer in effect after having been vacated in federal court in 2024, in the event that the NLRB or other governmental authority were to implement a similar joint employer standard in the future that was determined to be applicable to franchise relationships, this could cause us or our Concepts to be held responsible for unfair labor practices and other violations and could require us to engage in collective bargaining with representatives of the employees of our Concepts franchisees. In addition to the foregoing, many jurisdictions (including California) have enacted or have considered legislation regarding, or otherwise increased their focus on, the misclassification of independent contractors, which could have an adverse impact on and disrupt the operations of our Concepts' restaurants in other ways, such as costs relating to delivery aggregators or certain staff augmentation models. Any failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable legal requirements or related standards or guidelines, could adversely affect our reputation, global expansion efforts, growth prospects and financial results or result in, among other things, litigation, revocation of required licenses, internal investigations, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. In addition, the compliance costs associated with complying with new or existing legal requirements could be substantial. Tax matters, including changes in tax rates or laws, disagreements with taxing authorities, imposition of new taxes and our restructurings could impact our financial results and growth prospects. We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, withholding and franchise taxes in various jurisdictions. Our accruals for tax liabilities are based on past experience, interpretations of applicable law, and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities. Such tax positions require significant judgment which may be incorrect or challenged by tax authorities and may result in payments greater than the amounts accrued. If the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) or another taxing authority disagrees with our tax positions, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, which could be material. For example, as disclosed in Note 20, as a result of an audit by the IRS for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, the IRS has proposed an adjustment for the 2014 fiscal year relating to a series of reorganizations we undertook during that year in connection with the business realignment of our corporate and management reporting structure along brand lines. While we disagree with the position of the IRS and are contesting it vigorously, an unfavorable resolution of this matter could have a material, adverse impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements in future periods. In addition, if jurisdictions in which we or our Concepts operate enact tax legislation, modify tax treaties and/or increase audit scrutiny, it could increase our taxes and have an adverse impact on our financial results and growth prospects. For example, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD ), the E.U. and other countries (including countries in which we operate) have enacted or committed to enacting substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax principles impacting how large multinational enterprises are taxed in an effort to limit perceived base erosion and profit shifting incentives. In particular, the OECD s Pillar Two initiative provides for a 15% global minimum tax applied on a country-by- 21 country basis. We anticipate an increase in the burdens related to the tax compliance and reporting costs as a result of these developments. Risks Related to the Yum China Spin-Off The Yum China spin-off and certain related transactions could result in substantial U.S. tax liability. We received opinions of outside counsel substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Yum China spin-off completed during 2016 and certain related transactions qualified as generally tax-free under Sections 355 and 361 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. The opinions relied on various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations as to factual matters and undertakings (including with respect to future conduct) made by Yum China and us. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, we may not be able to rely on these opinions of outside counsel. Accordingly, notwithstanding receipt of the opinions of outside counsel, the conclusions reached in the tax opinions may be challenged by the IRS. Because the opinions are not binding on the IRS or the courts, there can be no assurance that the IRS or the courts will not prevail in any such challenge. If, notwithstanding receipt of any opinion, the IRS were to conclude that the Yum China spin-off was taxable, in general, we would recognize taxable gain as if we had sold the Yum China common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value. In addition, each U.S. holder of our Common Stock who received shares of Yum China common stock in connection with the spin-off transaction would generally be treated as having received a taxable distribution of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of Yum China common stock received. That distribution would be taxable to each such U.S. stockholder as a dividend to the extent of accumulated earnings and profits as of the date of the spin-off. For each such U.S. stockholder, any amount that exceeded our earnings and profits would be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of such stockholder s tax basis in our shares of Common Stock with any remaining amount being taxed as a capital gain. The Yum China spin-off may be subject to China s indirect transfer tax. In February 2015, the Chinese State Tax Administration ( STA ) issued the Bulletin on Several Issues of Enterprise Income Tax on Income Arising from Indirect Transfers of Property by Non-resident Enterprises ( Bulletin 7 ). Pursuant to Bulletin 7, an indirect transfer of Chinese taxable assets, including equity interests in a China resident enterprise ( Chinese interests ), by a non-resident enterprise, may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of Chinese taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have reasonable commercial purpose and the transferor has avoided payment of Chinese enterprise income tax. Using general anti-tax avoidance provisions, the STA may treat an indirect transfer as a direct transfer of Chinese interests if the transfer has avoided Chinese tax by way of an arrangement without reasonable commercial purpose. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to Chinese enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer would be obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of up to 10% of the capital gain in the case of an indirect transfer of equity interests in a China resident enterprise. We evaluated the potential applicability of Bulletin 7 in connection with the Separation in the form of a tax free restructuring and continue to believe it is more likely than not that Bulletin 7 does not apply and that the restructuring had reasonable commercial purpose. However, there are significant uncertainties on what constitutes a reasonable commercial purpose, how the safe harbor provisions for group restructurings are to be interpreted and how the Chinese tax authorities will ultimately view the spin-off. As a result, our position could be challenged by the Chinese tax authorities resulting in a tax at a rate of 10% assessed on the difference between the fair market value and the tax basis of Yum China at the date of the spin-off. As our tax basis in Yum China was minimal, the amount of such a tax could be significant and have an adverse effect on our results of operations, growth prospects and our financial condition. Risks Related to Consumer Discretionary Spending and Macroeconomic Conditions Our business may be adversely impacted by changes in consumer discretionary spending and macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures and interest rate conditions, in markets in which we operate. As a company dependent upon consumer discretionary spending, we (and our Concepts franchisees) are sensitive to macroeconomic conditions and consumer discretionary spending levels in markets where we and our Concepts franchisees operate. Some of the factors that may impact discretionary consumer spending and macroeconomic conditions include unemployment and underemployment rates, fluctuations in disposable income, the price of gasoline, other inflationary pressures, higher taxes, the impact of shifts in U.S. trade policy and retaliatory measures by global trading partners reduced access to credit, interest rate conditions, stock market performance and changes in consumer confidence and cost consciousness. In this regard, we and our Concepts 