Item 1A of this report) for further discussion of certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Readers of this report are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements, since there can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. This cautionary note is applicable to all forward-looking statements contained in this report. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 4 Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 26 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 26 Item 2. Properties 27 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 28 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 PART II 29 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 29 Item 6. [Reserved] 30 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 40 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 42 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 100 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 100 Item 9B. Other Information 101 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 101 PART III 102 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 102 Item 11. Executive Compensation 102 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 102 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 102 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 102 PART IV 103 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 103 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 108 PART I Item 1. B usiness Overview Zimmer Biomet is a global medical technology leader with a comprehensive portfolio designed to maximize mobility and improve health. We design, manufacture and market orthopedic reconstructive products; sports medicine, biologics, extremities and trauma products; craniomaxillofacial and thoracic ( CMFT ) products; bone cement; surgical products; and a suite of integrated digital and robotic technologies that leverage data, data analytics and artificial intelligence. We collaborate with healthcare professionals around the globe to advance the pace of innovation. Our products and solutions help treat patients suffering from disorders of, or injuries to, bones, joints or supporting soft tissues. Together with healthcare professionals, we help millions of people live better lives. In this report, Zimmer Biomet, we, us, our, the Company and similar words refer collectively to Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Zimmer Biomet Holdings refers to the parent company only. Zimmer Biomet Holdings was incorporated in Delaware in 2001. Our history dates to 1927, when Zimmer Manufacturing Company, a predecessor, was founded in Warsaw, Indiana. On August 6, 2001, we were spun off from our former parent and became an independent public company. In 2015, we acquired LVB Acquisition, Inc. ( LVB ), the parent company of Biomet, Inc. ( Biomet ), and LVB and Biomet became our wholly-owned subsidiaries. In connection with the merger, we changed our name from Zimmer Holdings, Inc. to Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Customers, Sales and Marketing Our primary customers include orthopedic surgeons, neurosurgeons, and other specialists, healthcare institutions, stocking distributors, healthcare dealers and, in their capacity as agents, healthcare purchasing organizations or buying groups. These customers range from large multinational enterprises to independent clinicians. We market and sell products through two principal channels: 1) direct to healthcare institutions, such as hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers, referred to as direct channel accounts; and 2) through stocking distributors and healthcare dealers. With direct channel accounts and some healthcare dealers, inventory is generally consigned to sales agents or customers. With sales to stocking distributors, some healthcare dealers and some hospitals, and at times to some direct channel accounts, title to product typically passes upon shipment. Consignment sales represented approximately 85 percent of our net sales in 2025. No individual customer accounted for more than 2 percent of our net sales for 2025. We stock inventory in our warehouse facilities and retain title to consigned inventory in an effort to have sufficient quantities available when products are needed for surgical procedures. Safety stock levels are determined based on a number of factors, including demand, manufacturing lead times and quantities required to maintain service levels. We also carry trade accounts receivable balances based on credit terms that are generally consistent with local market practices. We utilize a network of sales associates, sales managers and support personnel, some of whom are employed or contracted by independent distributors and sales agencies. We invest a significant amount of time and expense in training sales associates in how to use specific products and how to best inform surgeons of product uses and features. Sales force representatives must have strong technical selling and medical education skills to provide technical support for surgeons. In response to the different healthcare systems throughout the world, our sales and marketing strategies and organizational structures differ by country and region. We utilize a global approach to sales force training, marketing and medical education to provide consistent, high quality service. Additionally, we keep current with key surgical developments and other issues related to orthopedic surgeons, neurosurgeons, other specialists, and the medical procedures they perform. We allocate resources to achieve our operating profit goals through three regional operating segments. Our operating segments are comprised of the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ); and Asia Pacific. The following is a summary of our operating segments. See Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our segments. 4 Americas. The Americas operating segment is our largest operating segment. This segment is comprised principally of the U.S. and includes other North, Central and South American markets. The U.S. accounted for approximately 95 percent of net sales in this region in 2025. The U.S. sales force historically has consisted of a combination of employees and independent sales agents, most of whom sell products exclusively for Zimmer Biomet. We recently commenced a multi-year initiative to convert substantial portions of our U.S. sales force from their status as independent sales agents to becoming our employees. The sales force in the U.S. receives a commission on product sales and is responsible for many operating decisions and costs. In this region, we contract with group purchasing organizations and managed care accounts and have promoted unit growth by offering volume discounts to customer healthcare institutions within a specified group. Generally, we are designated as one of several preferred purchasing sources for specified products, although members are not obligated to purchase our products. Contracts with group purchasing organizations generally have a term of three years, with extensions as warranted. EMEA. The EMEA operating segment is our second largest operating segment. France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom (the UK ) collectively accounted for approximately 50 percent of net sales in the region in 2025. This segment also includes other key markets, including Switzerland, Benelux, Nordic, Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Our sales force in this segment is comprised of direct sales associates, commissioned agents, independent distributors and sales support personnel. In most European countries, healthcare is sponsored by the government and therefore government budgets impact healthcare spending, which can affect our sales in this segment. Asia Pacific. The Asia Pacific operating segment includes key markets such as Japan, China, Australia, New Zealand, Korea, Taiwan, India, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong and Malaysia. Japan is the largest market within this segment, accounting for approximately 50 percent of the region s net sales in 2025. In Japan and most countries in the Asia Pacific region, we maintain a network of dealers, who act as order agents on behalf of hospitals in the region, and sales associates, who build and maintain relationships with orthopedic surgeons and neurosurgeons in their markets. The knowledge and skills of these sales associates play a critical role in providing service, product information and support to surgeons. In certain countries of this region, healthcare is sponsored by governments. Seasonality Our business is seasonal in nature to some extent, as many of our products are used in elective procedures, which typically decline during the summer months and can increase at the end of the year once annual deductibles have been met on health insurance plans. Additionally, with sales to customers where title to product passes upon shipment, these customers may purchase items in large quantities if incentives are offered or if there are new product offerings in a market, which could cause period-to-period differences in sales. Distribution We distribute our products both through large, centralized warehouses and through smaller, market specific facilities, depending on the needs of the market. We maintain large, centralized warehouses in the U.S. and Europe to be able to efficiently distribute our products to customers in those regions. In addition to these centralized warehouses, we maintain smaller distribution facilities in the U.S. and in each of the countries where we have a direct sales presence. In many locations, our inventory is consigned to the healthcare institution. We generally ship our orders via expedited courier. Since most of our sales occur at the time of an elective procedure, we generally do not have firm orders. Products Our products include orthopedic reconstructive products; sports medicine, biologics, extremities and trauma products; CMFT products; bone cement; surgical products; and a suite of integrated digital and robotic technologies. KNEES Total knee replacement surgeries typically include a femoral component, a patella (knee cap), a tibial tray and an articular surface (placed on the tibial tray). Knee replacement surgeries include first-time, or primary, joint replacement procedures and revision procedures for the replacement, repair or enhancement of an implant or component from a previous procedure. There are also procedures for partial reconstruction of the knee, which treat 5 limited knee degeneration and involve the replacement of only one side, or compartment, of the knee with a unicompartmental knee prosthesis. Our significant knee brands include the Persona Knee, NexGen Knee Implants, Vanguard Knee, and Oxford Partial Knee. Additionally, our ROSA Robot utilizes robotic technologies to assist a surgeon with implant positioning in total knee arthroplasty or partial knee arthroplasty. HIPS Total hip replacement surgeries replace both the head of the femur and the socket portion of the pelvis (acetabulum) of the natural hip. Hip procedures include first-time, or primary, joint replacement as well as revision procedures. Hip implant procedures involve the use of bone cement to attach or affix the prosthetic components to the surrounding bone, or are press-fit into bone, which means that they have a surface that bone affixes to through either ongrowth or ingrowth technologies. Our significant hip brands include the Taperloc Hip System, Avenir Complete Hip System, Z1 Hip Implant, Arcos Modular Hip System, and G7 Acetabular System. Our ROSA Robot is also utilized in hip procedures. S.E.T. Our S.E.T. product category includes sports medicine, biologics, foot and ankle, upper extremities, trauma and CMFT products. Our sports medicine products are primarily for the repair of soft tissue injuries, most commonly used in the knee and shoulder. Sports medicine products represented 12 percent of our S.E.T. product category net sales in 2025. Our biologics products are used as early intervention for joint preservation or to support surgical procedures. Biologics products represented 5 percent of our S.E.T. product category net sales in 2025. Our foot and ankle and upper extremities products are designed to treat arthritic conditions and fractures in the foot, ankle, shoulder, elbow and wrist. Our foot and ankle products represented 12 percent of our S.E.T. product category net sales in 2025. Our upper extremities products represented 30 percent of our S.E.T. product category net sales in 2025. Our trauma products are used to stabilize damaged or broken bones and their surrounding tissues to support the body s natural healing process. Trauma products represented 20 percent of our S.E.T. product category net sales in 2025. Our CMFT product division includes face and skull reconstruction products as well as products that fixate and stabilize the bones of the chest in order to facilitate healing or reconstruction after open heart surgery, trauma or for deformities of the chest. CMFT products represented 21 percent of our S.E.T. product category net sales in 2025. Our significant S.E.T. brands include the JuggerKnot Soft Anchor System, Gel-One Cross-linked Hyaluronate, Gorilla Ankle Fracture Plating System, Comprehensive Shoulder, Natural Nail System, and SternaLock System. Gel-One is a registered trademark of Seikagaku Corporation. Our ROSA Robot is also utilized in shoulder procedures. TECHNOLOGY DATA, BONE CEMENT AND SURGICAL Through our Technology Data, Bone Cement and Surgical product category, we market a collective suite of our products and technologies as the ZBEdge Platform. The ZBEdge Platform connects robotic and digital technologies together to collect data before, during and after surgery, that can deliver insights to surgeons to assist in making informed decisions on patient care. Bone cement is used to assist with implant fixation in orthopedic surgeries. We offer an assortment of bone cements and products for mixing and delivery. We also offer a portfolio of surgical solutions used by healthcare institutions. Research and Development We have extensive research and development activities to develop new surgical techniques, including robotic techniques, materials, biologics and product designs. The research and development teams work closely with our strategic brand marketing function. The rapid commercialization of new data solutions, surgical techniques, innovative new materials, biologics products, and implant and instrument designs remains one of our core strategies and continues to be an important driver of sales growth. We are broadening our offerings in certain of our product categories and exploring new technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, with possible applications in multiple areas. Our primary research and development facilities are located in Warsaw, Indiana; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Denver, Colorado; Jacksonville, Florida; Austin, Texas; Zug, Switzerland and Beijing, China. We have other research and development personnel based in other locations both within and outside the U.S. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 2,000 research and development employees worldwide. We expect to continue to identify innovative technologies, which may include acquiring complementary products or businesses, establishing technology licensing arrangements or strategic alliances. 6 Government Regulation and Compliance Our operations, products and customers are subject to extensive government regulation by numerous government agencies, both within and outside the U.S. We are subject to national, state and other regulations affecting, among other things, the development, design, manufacturing, product standards, packaging, advertising, promotion, labeling, marketing and post-market surveillance of medical products and medical devices in many of the countries in which our products are sold. Our global regulatory environment is increasingly stringent, unpredictable and complex. There is a global trend toward increased regulatory activity related to medical products and medical devices. Medical Product and Medical Device Regulation In the U.S., numerous laws and regulations govern the processes by which our products are brought to market. These include the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended ( FDCA ), and associated regulations. U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) regulations control all aspects of the development, manufacturing, advertising, promotion, marketing, distribution and post-market surveillance of medical products and medical devices. All of our devices marketed in the U.S. have been cleared or approved by the FDA, except for those exempt from FDA premarket clearance and approval and those in commercial distribution prior to May 28, 1976. The process of obtaining FDA clearance or approval to market a product is resource intensive, lengthy, and costly. The FDA review may involve substantial delays that adversely affect the marketing and sale of our products. Most of our new products fall into a classification that requires the submission of a Premarket Notification (510(k)) to the FDA before we can market the new device. This process requires us to demonstrate that the device to be marketed is at least as safe and effective as, that is, substantially equivalent to, a legally marketed device. Other devices we develop and market require stringent FDA clinical investigation and Premarket Approval ( PMA ) requirements, including submission of clinical and laboratory data that establishes that the new medical device is safe and effective. Additionally, certain of our new products incorporate innovations related to artificial intelligence, machine learning and software as a medical device, which are subject to emerging FDA oversight and regulation. We are subject to FDA Quality Management System regulations governing design and manufacturing practices, testing, manufacturing quality assurance, labeling and record keeping and reporting requirements for our products, which apply both to our own and to our third-party manufacturers' operations. We are required to establish a quality system by which we monitor our (and our third-party manufacturers') manufacturing processes and maintain records that show compliance with FDA regulations and manufacturers' written specifications and procedures. There are also requirements of state and local governments with which we must comply in the manufacture and marketing of our products. The FDA conducts announced and unannounced periodic and on-going inspections of medical device manufacturers to determine compliance with its Quality System, and other applicable, regulations. If in connection with these inspections the FDA believes the manufacturer has failed to comply with applicable regulations and/or procedures, it may issue inspectional observations on Form FDA-483 ( Form 483 ) that would necessitate prompt corrective action. If FDA inspectional observations are not addressed and/or corrective action is not taken in a timely manner and to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA may issue a warning letter (which would similarly necessitate prompt corrective action) and/or proceed directly to other forms of enforcement action, including the imposition of operating restrictions, including ceasing operations on one or more facilities, enjoining and restraining legal violations pertaining to products, seizing products, negotiating the entry of a consent decree and permanent injunction against us, recommending prosecution to the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ ), and assessing civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees or us. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The FDA, in cooperation with U.S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ), administers controls over the import of medical devices into the U.S. and can prevent the importation of products the FDA deems to violate the FDCA or its implementing regulations. CBP imposes its own regulatory requirements on the import of our products, including inspection and possible sanctions for noncompliance. We are also subject to foreign trade controls administered by certain U.S. government agencies, including the Bureau of Industry and Security within the Commerce Department and the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the Treasury Department ( OFAC ). In addition, exported medical products are subject to the regulatory requirements of each country to which the medical product is exported. 7 The European Union (the EU ) has adopted the European Medical Device Regulation (the EU MDR ), which created a single set of medical device regulations for products marketed in all member countries. The EU MDR took effect in May 2021, replacing the European Medical Device Directive (the MDD ). The EU MDR imposes significant additional premarket and post-market requirements. Products currently certified per the MDD regulations must be certified to the new EU MDR regulation prior to December 2027 or December 2028, depending upon the device s risk class. The UK additionally is in the process of creating secondary legislation to implement the future medical device regulations. The first piece of the Statutory Instrument ( SI ) for post-market surveillance requirements was released in January 2025 with further SIs planned to be released later in 2026 and in 2027. These SIs will form part of the new medical device regulatory framework (the UK MDR ) following its exit from the European Union. The UK, in the meantime, continues to allow products meeting the current EU regulations to be marketed through June 2028 for EU MDD and EU Active Implantable Medical Devices or through June 2030 for EU MDR devices. Our quality management system is based upon the requirements of ISO 13485, the FDA Quality Management System regulations, the MDD, the EU MDR and other applicable regulations for the markets in which we sell. Our principal manufacturing sites are certified to ISO 13485 and audited at regular intervals. Additionally, our principal sites are certified under the Medical Device Single Audit Program ( MDSAP ), a voluntary audit program developed by regulatory authorities in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan, and the United States to assess compliance with the quality management system regulatory requirements of those countries. MDSAP audits are conducted by an MDSAP-recognized auditing organization and can fulfill the needs of the participating regulatory jurisdictions, replacing standard surveillance audits by the regulatory authorities in those countries. We are subject to international, national, state and other laws and regulations concerning healthcare cost containment, including price regulation, competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness reviews and other methods, including through efforts to reduce healthcare fraud and abuse, false claims and anti-kickback laws as well as the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act and similar state and foreign healthcare professional payment transparency laws. Many authorities have increased their enforcement activities with respect to medical products manufacturers in recent years. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in certain government healthcare programs. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Related Laws Our operations outside the U.S. are subject to the extraterritorial application of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ). Our global operations are also subject to non-U.S. anti-corruption laws, such as the United Kingdom Bribery Act. As part of our global compliance program, we seek to address anti-corruption risks proactively. Environmental Laws All of our facilities and operations are subject to complex national, state and local environmental and occupational safety laws and regulations, including those relating to discharges of substances in the air, water and land, the handling, storage and disposal of wastes and the clean-up of properties contaminated by pollutants. We do not expect that the ongoing costs of compliance with these environmental requirements will have a material impact on our consolidated earnings, capital expenditures or competitive position. Data Privacy, Cyber and Artificial Intelligence Laws We are subject to evolving national, state, international and other data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, location, storage, disposal and protection of health-related and other personal information, including laws and regulations that regulate and restrict cross-border data transfers. Certain of these laws and regulations impose time-sensitive notification requirements to governmental authorities or consumers. We are also subject to emerging regulations, directives, voluntary commitments and guidance governing data security and cyber risk management for medical devices as well as emerging regulations, directives, voluntary commitments and guidance relating to artificial intelligence. Failure to comply with any such data protection laws, regulations, directives, voluntary commitments and guidance could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil and/or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Information regarding the risks associated with data privacy and protection laws may be found in Item 1A. Risk Factors If we fail to comply with data privacy and 8 security laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Competition The orthopedics and broader musculoskeletal care industry is highly competitive. In the global markets for our knees, hips, and S.E.T. products, our major competitors include Johnson Johnson MedTech (formerly the DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson Johnson), Stryker Corporation and Smith Nephew plc. There are smaller competitors in these product categories as well that focus on smaller subsegments of the industry. Competition within the industry is primarily based on technology, innovation, quality, reputation, customer service and pricing. A key factor in our continuing success in the future will be our ability to develop new products and technologies and improve existing products and technologies. Manufacturing and Raw Materials We manufacture our products at various sites. We also strategically outsource some manufacturing to qualified suppliers who are highly capable of producing components. The manufacturing operations at our facilities are designed to incorporate the cellular concept for production and to implement tenets of a manufacturing philosophy focused on continuous improvement efforts in product quality, lead time reduction and capacity optimization. Our continuous improvement efforts are driven by Lean and Six Sigma methodologies. In addition, at certain of our manufacturing facilities, many of the employees are cross-trained to perform a broad array of operations. We generally target operating our manufacturing facilities at optimal levels of total capacity. We continually evaluate the potential to in source and outsource production as part of our manufacturing strategy to provide value to our stakeholders. In most of our manufacturing network, we have improved our manufacturing processes to harmonize and optimize our quality systems and to protect our profitability and offset the impact of inflationary costs. We have, for example, employed computer-assisted robots and multi-axis grinders to precision polish medical devices; automated certain manufacturing and inspection processes, including on-machine inspection and process controls; purchased state-of-the-art equipment; in-sourced core products and processes; and negotiated cost reductions from third-party suppliers. We use a diverse and broad range of raw materials in the manufacturing of our products. We purchase all of our raw materials and select components used in manufacturing our products from external suppliers. In addition, we purchase some supplies from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, sole source availability, cost effectiveness or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. We work closely with our suppliers to assure continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability. Intellectual Property Patents and other proprietary rights are important to the continued success of our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We protect our proprietary rights through a variety of methods, including confidentiality agreements and proprietary information agreements with suppliers, employees, consultants and others who may have access to proprietary information. We own or control through licensing arrangements over 6,000 issued patents and patent applications throughout the world that relate to aspects of the technology incorporated in many of our products. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 17,000 employees worldwide, including approximately 2,000 employees dedicated to research and development. Approximately 7,000 employees are located within the U.S. and approximately 10,000 employees are located outside of the U.S., primarily throughout Europe and in Japan and China. We have approximately 6,000 employees dedicated to manufacturing our products worldwide. 9 Our mission is to alleviate pain and improve the quality of life for people around the world. Our commitment to patients shapes all day-to-day decisions at Zimmer Biomet. To be able to accomplish our mission, we have established guiding principles. These guiding principles are central to our human capital management policies and practices. The guiding principles are: Respect and show gratitude for the contributions and diverse perspectives of others Commit to the highest standards of patient safety, quality and integrity Focus our resources in areas where we will make a difference Ensure the company s return is equivalent to the value we provide our customers and patients Give back to our communities and people in need. Team Member Inclusion Our team member inclusion efforts are intended to identify, attract and retain talent for our business. Our eight global employee resource groups ( ERGs ) are open to all team members and have substantial participation with membership representing approximately 15 percent of our workforce. Our ERGs also receive funding from the Zimmer Biomet Foundation, Inc. to support communities and partnerships aligned to our Mission. Employee Engagement We value our employees input and to that end, from time to time, we conduct comprehensive employee engagement surveys that ultimately inform our actions towards improving employee engagement. Surveys attempt to assess five drivers of engagement including purpose, culture, leadership, personal growth and belonging. The key results of surveys, and commensurate action plans, are shared with our Board of Directors and with our employee base. Employee engagement is the degree to which employees invest their cognitive, emotional, and behavioral energies toward positive organizational outcomes. While we strive for engagement scores to sequentially improve, the outcomes of the surveys can be influenced by many factors that are internal and external to the company. We believe it is critical to keep our employees engaged through frequent and transparent communication. This is accomplished through town halls, video and written messages, news and recognition on our intranet site, and various other methods. Health, Safety and Wellness The physical and mental health, financial wellbeing, and work/life balance of our employees is vital to accomplishing our mission. We sponsor wellness programs designed to enhance physical, financial and mental wellbeing for our employees. We encourage participation in these programs through regular communications, educational sessions and other incentives. We are also intensely focused on the health and safety of our team members in the workplace. Our environmental, health and safety team constantly monitors various metrics to ensure we are providing a safe environment in which to work. In 2025, our Total Recordable Incident Rate was 0.22 and our Lost Time Incident Rate was 0.10. These results are shared with relevant regulatory agencies as required and presented to our Board of Directors. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of February 13, 2026. Name Age Position Ivan Tornos 50 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jehanzeb Noor 44 Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy, Business Development, Innovation and Transformation Officer Chad Phipps 54 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and Secretary Paul Stellato 51 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Kevin Thornal 52 Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas 10 Suketu Upadhyay 56 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President - Finance, Operations and Supply Chain Wilfred van Zuilen 56 Group President, Europe, Middle East and Africa Lori Winkler 64 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer Sang Yi 63 Group President, Asia Pacific Mr. Tornos was appointed Chairman of the Board in May 2025. He was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors in August 2023. Previously, he served as the Company s Chief Operating Officer since March 2021, as Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas from December 2019 until March 2021, and as Group President, Orthopedics from joining the Company in November 2018 until December 2019. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. Tornos served as Worldwide President of the Global Urology, Medical and Critical Care Divisions of Becton, Dickinson and Company ( BD ) (and previously, C. R. Bard, Inc. ( Bard )) from June 2017 until October 2018. From June 2017 until BD s acquisition of Bard in December 2017, Mr. Tornos also continued to serve as President, EMEA of Bard, a position to which he was appointed in September 2013. Mr. Tornos joined Bard in August 2011 and, prior to his appointment as President, EMEA, served as Vice President and General Manager with leadership responsibility for Bard s business in Southern Europe, Central Europe and the Emerging Markets Region of the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Bard, Mr. Tornos served as Vice President and General Manager of the Americas Pharmaceutical and Medical/Imaging Segments of Covidien International from April 2009 to August 2011. Before that, he served as International Vice President, Business Development and Strategy with Baxter International Inc. from July 2008 to April 2009 and, prior to that, Mr. Tornos spent 11 years with Johnson Johnson in positions of increasing responsibility. He has also served as a member of the board of directors at PHC Holdings Corporation since September 2021. Mr. Noor was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy, Business Development, Innovation and Transformation Officer in January 2026, after being appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy, Innovation and Business Development Officer in March 2025. In his role, he is responsible for leading strategy development and execution; overseeing all facets of M A; identifying short- and long-term organic and inorganic growth opportunities; and leading enterprise-wide transformation. In addition, he oversees the research and product development organizations, inclusive of new product and service development, partnership and ecosystem development and platform technologies. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet in March 2025, Mr. Noor served as President and Managing Director for Europe, Africa and Asia at Trivium starting in August 2022 and was CEO of Smiths Medical from July 2019 through January 2022. He also previously held roles of increasing responsibility at Amcor, McKinsey (Partner), Ford Motor Company and Constellation Energy Commodities Group. Mr. Noor holds a Master of Science with a focus on Product Design and Operations Management, a Bachelor of Science in Finance and a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, all from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Mr. Phipps was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and Secretary in January 2026. He has global responsibility for the Company s Legal Affairs and he serves as Secretary to the Board of Directors. Mr. Phipps also oversees the Company s compliance, communications, corporate social responsibility and government affairs activities. Previously, Mr. Phipps served as the Company s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from May 2007 to January 2026 and as Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from December 2005 to May 2007. He joined the Company in September 2003 as Associate Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Vice President and General Counsel of L N Sales and Marketing, Inc. in Pennsylvania and he practiced law with the firm of Morgan, Lewis Bockius in Philadelphia, focusing on corporate and securities law, mergers and acquisitions and financial transactions. Mr. Stellato was appointed Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in May 2022. Previously, he served as Vice President Finance, Global Business Services from March 2019 through April 2022, with Xylem Inc. ( Xylem ), a global provider of water technology products and services. He joined Xylem upon its spinoff from ITT Corporation ( ITT ) in October 2011 and served as Xylem s Vice President Finance, Financial Planning and Analysis through August 2017. He was promoted to Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in August 2017 after serving as Interim Corporate Controller starting in August 2016, and became Vice President Finance, Global Business Services in March 2019. Prior to Xylem s spinoff from ITT in October 2011, Mr. Stellato served with ITT beginning in May 2003, having served most recently as ITT s General Auditor and prior to that, as Manager - Investor Relations. He began his career in public accounting with Ernst Young LLP and Arthur Andersen LLP and is a certified public accountant. 11 Mr. Thornal was appointed Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas in July 2025. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Thornal served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Nevro Corp. from April 2023, and as a member of its Board of Directors from May 2023, until the completion of its acquisition by Globus Medical, Inc. in April 2025. He previously served as the Group President of Global Diagnostic Solutions at Hologic, Inc. ( Hologic ) from April 2022 to April 2023. Mr. Thornal served in several leadership positions with increasing levels of responsibility at Hologic from 2014 to April 2023. Prior to Hologic, Mr. Thornal held several roles of increasing responsibility at Stryker Corp. from 2004 to 2014 in sales, marketing, and business development. Mr. Upadhyay was appointed Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President - Finance, Operations and Supply Chain in August 2023. Previously, he served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since joining the Company in July 2019. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. Upadhyay served as Senior Vice President, Global Financial Operations at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company from November 2016 until June 2019. Before joining Bristol-Myers Squibb, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Endo International plc from September 2013 to November 2016. Prior to his tenure at Endo International, Mr. Upadhyay served as Interim Chief Financial Officer as well as Senior Vice President of Finance, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of BD. Prior to his role as BD s Interim Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller, Mr. Upadhyay was the Senior Vice President of Global Financial Planning and Analysis and also held the role of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BD s international business. Before joining BD in 2010, Mr. Upadhyay held a number of leadership roles across AstraZeneca PLC and Johnson Johnson. Mr. Upadhyay spent the early part of his career in public accounting with KPMG. He has also served as a member of the board of directors of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated since May 2022. He holds a B.S. in Finance from Albright College and an M.B.A. from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. He holds the inactive designations of C.P.A. and C.M.A. Mr. van Zuilen was appointed Group President, Europe, Middle East and Africa in September 2023, after having served as President, Europe, Middle East and Africa since joining the Company in June 2021. He is responsible for the sales, marketing and distribution of products, services and solutions in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. van Zuilen served in various roles for Medtronic plc, including as Vice President, North Western Europe from October 2020 to May 2021, as Vice President, Restorative Therapies Group EMEA from February 2017 through September 2020, and as Vice President, Advanced Surgical Technologies Europe, Surgical Solution Group, from October 2011 through January 2017. He served in other roles of increasing responsibility with Medtronic plc through January 1998. Before joining Medtronic, he spent more than five years in medical sales, most recently with Baxter BV (Edwards Lifesciences). Ms. Winkler was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer in March 2021, after joining Zimmer Biomet as Group Vice President of Human Resources in February 2020. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, she served Cardinal Health, Inc. as a Worldwide Vice President of Human Resources in the Medical Segment from November 2016 through January 2020. Before joining Cardinal Health, Ms. Winkler served more than 20 years with Johnson and Johnson, including its subsidiary companies DePuy and Cordis, most recently as Global Head, Human Resources Global Finance from April 2011 through November 2016. She has served as an independent voting member of the board of directors of Family Promise, Inc., a 501(c)(3) charity focused on housing and homelessness, since August 2022. Mr. Yi was appointed Group President, Asia Pacific, in March 2021. He is responsible for the sales, marketing and distribution of products, services and solutions in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Yi joined the Company in March 2013 as Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific and was promoted to President, Asia Pacific, in June 2015. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Vice President and General Manager of St. Jude Medical for Asia Pacific and Australia from 2005 to 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Yi held several leadership positions over a ten-year period with Boston Scientific Corporation, ultimately serving as Vice President for North Asia. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our Internet address is www.zimmerbiomet.com. We routinely post important information for investors on our website in the Investor Relations section, which may be accessed from our homepage at www.zimmerbiomet.com or directly at https://investor.zimmerbiomet.com. We use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public 12 conference calls, presentations and webcasts. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, free of charge, including: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC; announcements of investor conferences and events at which our executives talk about our products and competitive strategies, as well as archives of these events; press releases on quarterly earnings, product announcements, legal developments and other material news that we may post from time to time; corporate governance information including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, information concerning our Board of Directors and its committees, including the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Management Development Committee, Corporate Governance Committee and Quality, Regulatory and Technology Committee, and other governance-related policies; stockholder services information, including ways to contact our transfer agent and information on how to sign up for direct deposit of dividends or enroll in our dividend reinvestment plan; and opportunities to sign up for email alerts and RSS feeds to have information provided in real time. The information available on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or a part of, this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. Item 1A. Ris k Factors We operate in a rapidly changing competitive, economic and technological environment that presents numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations, including causing our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of material risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may materially adversely affect us in future periods. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our securities. Risks Related to our Business, Operations and Strategy Our success depends on our ability to effectively develop and market our products against those of our competitors. We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances by one or more of our present or future competitors. To remain competitive, we must continue to identify, prioritize, develop and acquire new products and technologies, as well as identify, prioritize and improve existing products and technologies. We must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for such products, accurately forecast demand, manufacture the correct mix of products, distribute products to multiple global markets and market those products profitably. For example, in the past we have experienced elevated charges for excess and obsolete inventory while also facing increased backorders due to unpredictable demand fluctuations across our various markets, and there can be no assurance that production mix planning or inventory allocation will match end market demand. Competition within our markets is primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, quality, reputation, customer service and pricing. In markets outside of the U.S., other factors influence competition as well, including local distribution systems, complex regulatory environments, differing medical philosophies and differing product preferences, including policy-driven preferences for local manufacturers. Our competition may have, and at times does have, greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources than us; respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies; undertake more extensive marketing campaigns; operate more effective planning, manufacturing, sales and distribution channels; adopt more aggressive pricing policies; or be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners. Additionally, our customers needs often vary 13 depending on their sites of care, such as hospitals, hospital systems, ambulatory surgical centers and doctors offices, and certain of our competitors have better capabilities to serve certain sites of care than we do. We also face competition from pharmaceutical and other therapies that may be more attractive than, or have other benefits over, our products, or that could affect the frequency, progressions or symptoms of diseases and conditions that our products treat. Any of these factors, alone or in combination, could cause us to have difficulty maintaining or increasing sales of our products or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our products may become obsolete, customers may not buy our products, and our revenue and profitability may decline without the timely introduction of new products and enhancements, due to changes in markets, changes in our strategy, or due to changes in applicable standards of care. Demand for our products may change, in certain cases, in ways we may not anticipate because of evolving customer needs, changing demographics, changing industry growth rates, declines in the musculoskeletal implant market, the introduction of competing products and technologies, changes to our strategy, the emergence of alternative treatment methods, evolving surgical philosophies and evolving industry standards. Our products may become obsolete without the timely introduction of new products and enhancements or due to changes in applicable standards of care. If that happens, our revenue and operating results would suffer. The success of our new and enhanced product offerings will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly identify and anticipate customer needs; commercialize new products in a timely manner; manufacture and deliver instruments and products on time and in sufficient volumes; differentiate our offerings from competitors offerings; achieve positive clinical outcomes for new products; satisfy the increased demands by healthcare payors, providers and patients for shorter hospital stays, faster post-operative recovery and lower-cost procedures; innovate and develop new materials, product designs and surgical techniques; and provide adequate medical education relating to new products. In addition, new materials, product designs, product enhancements and surgical techniques that we develop may not be accepted quickly or at all, or in some or all markets, because of, among other factors, the need for regulatory clearance, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, competitive factors and uncertainty with respect to third-party reimbursement. Moreover, innovations generally require a substantial investment in research and development before we can determine their commercial viability, and we may not have the financial resources necessary to fund the research, development and production. In addition, even if we are able to successfully develop enhancements or new generations of our products, these enhancements or new generations of products may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development and they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. Our success largely depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate our human capital, including our senior management, key employees and key third parties, and on our ability to have meaningful succession plans in place to prepare for foreseen and unforeseen changes. Our future performance depends on the continued skills, experiences, competencies and services of our senior management, key employees and key third parties (including independent distributors and sales agents), and our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate such talent. We rely on certain employees and third parties for research and development; operations; quality assurance; and the distribution, marketing and sales of our products. If we fail to retain our senior management, key employees and key third parties, our revenue and profitability may decline, and our business may be otherwise adversely affected. Additionally, certain of our key employees and third parties have detailed knowledge of our products and instruments and have developed professional relationships with existing and potential customers due to this knowledge. Recent legal and regulatory changes may affect our ability to enforce post-termination obligations from certain employees and third parties with respect to non-competition, non-solicitation and protection of confidential information, which may negatively impact our ability to retain key employees and third-party distributors and to protect our information and relationships with our customers. Competition for talent in our business is significant. Our ability to attract and retain key employee and third-party talent is dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions, our ability to offer competitive compensation packages, our ability to be perceived as a preferred place to work and the contract terms we offer to third parties. Changes in the terms and conditions of employment or engagement, such as the availability of remote and hybrid work programs, benefit and perquisite programs and engagement on an employee or independent contractor basis, may affect our ability to attract and retain key talent. 14 Effective succession planning for senior management, key employees and key third parties (including independent distributors and sales agents) is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure orderly transitions involving senior management, key employees and key third parties, as well as inadequate transfer of knowledge, customer relationships and other know-how, could adversely affect our business and financial results. We are transforming aspects of our sales and distribution network and go-to-market model in the U.S. and certain other markets, and these efforts may not be successful and they involve risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are converting substantial portions of our U.S. sales force from independent distributors and sales representatives to our employees in a multi-year initiative. We are also increasing product category specialization and focus across our U.S. sales force, which may lead to disruptions for our sales personnel. We may not successfully execute or manage this transformation and transition, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. These transformative actions present significant operational, legal, financial and cultural challenges and require effective planning and execution across recruiting, onboarding, training, systems integration, compensation, compliance and management. We could experience operational disruptions, increased costs and reduced sales, and we may lose key sales personnel, including high-performing distributors, sales leaders and sales representatives, to competitors if they decline employment with us or depart following the transition. Any such departures could lead to loss of customer relationships, sales coverage gaps, diminished sales effectiveness and lower net sales. Even if we are able to retain key personnel, we expect to experience disruption to our U.S. sales force as roles, territories, product category sales coverage, compensation structures, incentive plans, reporting lines, systems and processes change, which could reduce morale, productivity and continuity in customer engagement, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, competitors are attempting, and may continue to attempt, to recruit our sales personnel (whether independent or employed) and target our customer relationships during and after the transition. The magnitude and duration of these impacts are uncertain and may be exacerbated by macroeconomic conditions, competition or other factors. We are additionally making certain changes to our sales force and go-to-market models in certain other countries in an effort to optimize our commercial strategies and improve our performance on a consistent basis in those markets. We are separately tailoring the nature, timing and scale of the changes to the requirements of individual markets, and do not expect the changes to be uniform. Throughout the transition to this new model in certain emerging markets, we expect revenue performance to be inconsistent as we negotiate with the displaced distributors, execute initial stocking orders with the new platform distributors and allow the platform distributors to coordinate with their sub-distributor network. Each market s transformation efforts present significant operational, legal, financial and cultural challenges and risks that are similar to those found in our above-described U.S. sales force transformation efforts, which risks may be magnified by the complexity of implementing different changes across multiple markets in parallel. The change in go-to-market strategy, outcome of existing litigation and the potential for additional litigation could have a material adverse impact on our financial results in the impacted markets. Our restructuring programs may not be successful or we may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring initiatives. We have initiated a series of restructuring programs to reduce costs, improve efficiency, spin off certain businesses, and prioritize investments in higher-priority growth operations. Restructuring initiatives involve complex plans and actions that may include, or result in, workforce reductions, plant closures and/or consolidations, product portfolio rationalizations and asset impairments. Additionally, as a result of restructuring initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiencies during transitional periods. Restructuring initiatives present risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including higher than anticipated costs in implementing our restructuring programs, as well as management distraction. For more information on our restructuring programs, see Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring programs, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our product portfolio rationalization activities may not be successful or we may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our portfolio rationalization initiatives. We are rationalizing our product portfolio to streamline our operations, enhance focus on strategic offerings, and improve cost efficiency. Effective management of our product portfolio is a complex process requiring 15 consideration of different regulatory requirements and approvals, preferences for different surgical techniques, reimbursement rates and other factors. Product portfolio rationalization may lead to the loss of product breadth valued by customers, potential disruption in customer relationships, and reduced sales in affected categories. It may also create transitional inefficiencies, including supply chain adjustments, inventory imbalances and challenges in forecasting demand for remaining products. These activities can divert management attention and resources away from other strategic priorities and may result in higher-than-expected costs, higher-than-expected inventory obsolescence, asset impairments or delays in achieving anticipated benefits. If our product portfolio rationalization efforts do not yield the expected operational improvements, cost savings, or market focus, or if such changes are not well-received by customers, our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. We may not be able to effectively integrate acquired businesses into our operations or achieve expected cost savings or profitability from our acquisitions. Our acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: unforeseen difficulties in integrating personnel and sales forces, operations, manufacturing, logistics, research and development, information technology, compliance, vendor management, communications, purchasing, accounting, marketing, administration and other systems and processes; difficulties harmonizing and optimizing quality systems and operations; diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations; unforeseen difficulties related to entering markets for which, or geographic regions where, we do not have prior experience; potential loss of key employees and key third parties; unforeseen risks and liabilities associated with businesses acquired, including any unknown vulnerabilities in acquired technology, compromises of acquired data or noncompliance with laws and regulations; and/or inability to generate sufficient revenue or realize sufficient cost savings to offset acquisition or investment costs. As a result, if we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions properly, we might not achieve the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, and we may incur costs in excess of what we anticipate. These risks would likely be greater in the case of larger acquisitions. Interruption of manufacturing or distribution operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We and our third-party manufacturers have manufacturing sites all over the world. In some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or a few plants which are concentrated in a single country or region. Damage to one or more facilities or related operations from weather or natural disaster-related events, vulnerabilities in technology, cyber attacks against our or our business partners information systems, issues in manufacturing arising from failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, compliance concerns relating to the Quality System Regulation ( QSR ) and Good Manufacturing Practice requirements, equipment breakdown or malfunction, reductions in operations and/or worker absences, trade impediments, international sanctions, wars or other factors has in the past adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the ability to manufacture and distribute our products. If we suffer, or a critical supplier suffers, a manufacturing interruption, we may be unable to move quickly to alternate means of producing or acquiring affected products or to meet customer demand, and alternative sources of supply may not be adequate to accommodate sudden increases in demand. We have experienced such interruptions previously (including in connection with our enterprise resource planning system implementation which negatively impacted distribution of our products in 2024), and we may experience such interruptions in the future. In the event of a significant interruption, for example, as a result of our or a supplier s failure to follow regulatory protocols and procedures or as a result of a bankruptcy, we (or our suppliers) may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products due primarily to the need for additional regulatory approvals. The global supply chain has been and continues to be negatively impacted by a variety of macro factors which have, in part, resulted in challenges to meet end market demand in some instances. As a result, we may experience lost sales, which we may be unable to recover, loss of market share, which we may be unable to recapture, and/or harm to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Challenges integrating, transitioning and implementing a new enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system have adversely affected our business and operations, and may in the future have further adverse effects. As a result of technology initiatives, changes in our system platforms and the ongoing integration of business acquisitions, we have been consolidating and integrating the ERP systems that we operate. ERP consolidation and integration programs are highly complex, require substantial management and financial resources, and may adversely affect our ability to process and/or fulfill orders, provide customer service, send and collect invoices, manage our contracts, manage our distribution network, provide financial information or otherwise run our business, in a timely manner or at all, or without incurring additional expenses or disruption. For example, during 2024, we experienced unanticipated challenges during an Americas ERP transition that disrupted our ability to fulfill customer orders during the second half of fiscal 2024, which caused adverse consequences including disruption to our ability to distribute product, difficulty in meeting customer demand, productivity declines, delays in invoicing customers, increased ERP system costs and loss of customers and sales. Additional disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the transition, design, and implementation of our ERP systems, particularly any disruptions, delays or deficiencies that impact our operations, could again in the future have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and results of financial operations. Disruptions in the supply of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products or the sterilization of our products by us or third-party suppliers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We purchase many of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products from third-party suppliers, and we outsource some key manufacturing activities. Certain of these materials and components and outsourced activities can only be obtained from a single source or a limited number of sources due to quality considerations, expertise, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. In certain cases, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement suppliers for such materials or components or outsourced activities in a timely or cost effective manner, due to market constraints or as a result of FDA or other worldwide regulations that require validation of materials and components prior to their use in our products and the complex nature of our and many of our suppliers' manufacturing processes and the need for clearance or approval of significant changes by FDA and other worldwide regulatory bodies prior to implementation. A reduction or interruption in the supply of materials or components used in manufacturing our products, such as due to loss of access to one or more suppliers; an inability to timely develop and validate alternative sources if required; or a significant increase in the price of such materials or components, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale, and we utilize a mix of internal resources and contract sterilizers to perform this service. We also provide contract sterilization services to certain of our customers. To the extent we or our contract sterilizers are or may become unable to sterilize our products or provide sterilization services to us or to our customers, whether caused by insufficient capacity; unavailability of materials for sterilization; regulatory or other restrictions on the use of certain sterilizing methods such as use of ethylene oxide; the bankruptcy or other financial constraints of the sterilizer (as we experienced with respect to one sterilization supplier in 2024); or otherwise, we may be unable to transition to other contract sterilizers, sterilizer locations or sterilization methods in a timely or cost effective manner or at all, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We and our business partners are dependent on sophisticated information technology and if we fail to effectively maintain or protect our information systems and data, including from cybersecurity events, our business could be adversely affected. We are dependent on sophisticated information technology for our products and infrastructure. As a result of technology initiatives, expanding and evolving privacy and cybersecurity laws, changes in our system platforms and the ongoing integration of business acquisitions, we have been consolidating and integrating the number of systems we operate and have upgraded and expanded our information systems and cybersecurity capabilities. In addition, some of our products and services incorporate software or information technology that collects data regarding patients and patient therapy, and some software and other products we provide to customers connect to our and third party systems for maintenance and other purposes. We also have outsourced elements of our operations to third parties (including suppliers, customers and other business partners), and, as a result, we manage a number of third parties who may now or could in the future have access to our confidential information, including, but not limited to, intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information of patients, team members and customers (collectively Confidential Information ). 17 Our information systems, and those of third parties with whom we contract, require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information technology, evolving system and regulatory standards, changing threats and vulnerabilities, and the increasing need to protect data including patient, customer and Confidential Information. In addition, given their size and complexity, these systems are vulnerable to service interruptions and to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third party suppliers and/or business partners, and from cyber attacks by malicious third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our products, systems or Confidential Information. Further, our use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in our infrastructure and products exposes us to a variety of threats, risks and uncertainties, including with respect to changing laws and regulations regarding the use of such technologies; the risks of inaccuracies, errors and interruptions affecting business processes supported by artificial intelligence; the risks of inaccuracies, errors and interruptions to our products and services using artificial intelligence, which could result in harm to patients or other adverse outcomes; and the variety of risks associated with any other use of information technology, including risks relating to data privacy and access, interruption, compliance, implementation and other factors. Like other large multi-national corporations, we and the third parties with whom we contract regularly experience cyber attacks, certain of which (including email phishing attacks on our email systems) have been successful, and we expect to continue to be subject to such attacks. These attacks may include phishing, state-sponsored cyber attacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, computer denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other malware, payment fraud or other cyber incidents. Evolving artificial intelligence and machine learning tools continue to improve the capabilities of cyber attackers. In addition, as a result of our adoption of remote work arrangements in many positions, a significant number of our employees who are able to work remotely are doing so, which exposes us to additional cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity program, incident response efforts, business continuity procedures and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. If we (or third parties with whom we contract) fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could: suffer a loss of access to or alteration of all or a portion of our Confidential Information; have difficulty meeting our compliance requirements, including with respect to data retention and reporting, QMS, quality reporting or other requirements; have difficulty developing new or enhanced products; lose existing customers, suppliers and business partners; have difficulty attracting new customers; have problems in determining product cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; suffer outages or disruptions in our operations, supply chain, products and/or services, including our ZBEdge ecosystem; have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud; have disputes with customers, physicians, other healthcare professionals and payors for our products; have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed; incur increased operating expenses; be subject to issues with product functionality that may result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, field actions and/or product recalls; incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach; or suffer other adverse consequences. Additionally, cybersecurity events suffered by health insurers and other third-party payors have delayed and otherwise adversely affected the demand and payment for surgical procedures and treatments involving our products and services, which adverse effects may continue, recur, and/or change in scope or magnitude in the future. Cyber attacks are becoming more sophisticated, frequent and adaptive, and therefore, despite our efforts, we cannot assure that cybersecurity incidents or data breaches will not occur or that technology or information system issues will not arise in the future. Any significant breakdown, intrusion, breach, interruption, corruption or destruction of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 18 Business interruptions and disruptions have adversely impacted, and may, either alone or in combination with other risks, in the future adversely impact, our business, results of operations and financial condition, the nature and extent of which impacts are uncertain and unpredictable. Our operations expose us to risks from business interruptions that may arise from a variety of sources, including public health crises; supply chain disruptions; loss of or limitations on access to certain markets due to trade and tariff disputes and disruptions or national, regional and global conflicts; adverse economic developments; healthcare staffing challenges; government shutdowns; natural disasters; and other events that can, singly or in combination with other factors, adversely affect our business and financial results. There can be no assurance that we will successfully manage such risks without adverse impacts to our business or financial results. If third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or reduce reimbursement levels, the demand for our products may decline and our ability to sell our products profitably may be harmed. In addition, we are subject to cost containment measures in the United States and other countries, resulting in pricing pressures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and cash flows. We sell our products and services to hospitals, doctors and other healthcare providers, which receive reimbursement for the healthcare services provided to their patients from third-party payors, such as domestic and international government programs, private insurance plans and managed care programs. These third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a product or service used in a procedure was not in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods, as determined by the third-party payor, or was used for an unapproved indication. Third-party payors may also decline to reimburse for experimental procedures and products. In addition, third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. If third-party payors deny or decline reimbursement, reduce reimbursement levels or change reimbursement models for our products, demand for our products may decline, or we may experience increased pressure to reduce the prices of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Many customers of our products have formed group purchasing organizations in an effort to contain costs. Group purchasing organizations negotiate pricing arrangements with medical supply manufacturers and distributors, and these negotiated prices are made available to a group purchasing organization s affiliated hospitals and other members. If we are not one of the providers selected by a group purchasing organization, affiliated hospitals and other members may be less likely to purchase our products, and, if the group purchasing organization has negotiated a strict compliance contract for another manufacturer s products, we may be precluded from making sales to members of the group purchasing organization for the duration of the contractual arrangement. Our failure to respond to the cost-containment efforts of group purchasing organizations may cause us to lose market share to our competitors and could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Initiatives to limit the growth of general healthcare expenses and hospital costs are ongoing in the markets in which we do business, and we have experienced downward pressure on product pricing and other effects of healthcare reform in our international markets. These 