=== STX_2025-08-01.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by law. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS We are a leading provider of data storage technology and infrastructure solutions that enable enterprises and end users to confidently store and unlock the value of their data. Our principal products are hard disk drives, commonly referred to as disk drives, hard drives or HDDs. In addition to HDDs, we produce a broad range of data storage products including solid state drives ( SSDs ) and storage subsystems and offer storage solutions such as a scalable edge-to-cloud mass data platform that includes data transfer shuttles and a storage-as-a-service cloud. HDDs are devices that store digitally encoded data on rapidly rotating disks with magnetic surfaces. HDDs continue to be the primary medium of mass data storage due to their performance attributes, reliability, high capacities, superior quality and cost effectiveness. Complementing HDD storage architectures, SSDs use NAND flash memory integrated circuit assemblies to store data. 3 Table of Contents Our HDD products are designed for mass capacity storage in the cloud and at the edge as well as legacy market applications. Mass capacity storage involves well-established use cases, such as hyperscale data centers and private and public clouds as well as quickly emerging use cases such as machine learning ( ML ) and artificial intelligence ( AI ). Legacy markets are those that we continue to sell to but we do not plan to invest in significantly. Our HDD and SSD product portfolio includes Serial Advanced Technology Attachment ( SATA ), Serial Attached SCSI ( SAS ) and Non-Volatile Memory Express ( NVMe ) based designs to support a wide variety of mass capacity and legacy applications. Our systems portfolio includes storage subsystems for enterprises, cloud service providers ( CSPs ), scale-out storage servers and original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ). Engineered for modularity, mobility, capacity and performance, these solutions are built with our enterprise HDDs and SSDs, enabling customers to integrate powerful, scalable storage within existing environments or create new ecosystems from the ground up in a secure, cost-effective manner. Our Lyve portfolio provides a simple, cost-efficient and secure way to manage massive volumes of data across the distributed enterprise. The Lyve platform includes a shuttle solution that enables enterprises to transfer massive amounts of data from endpoints to the core cloud and a storage-as-a-service cloud offering that provides frictionless mass capacity storage at the metro edge. Industry Overview Data Storage Industry The data storage industry includes companies that manufacture components or subcomponents designed for data storage devices, as well as providers of storage solutions, software and services. These providers address data storage needs for cloud, enterprise and other edge markets. The rapid growth of data generation, the intelligent application of data and the rise in data value are driving demand for data storage. As more data is created at endpoints outside traditional data centers, the need for real-time decision making we expect will drive an increase in processing at the edge and in the cloud. Additionally, the need for data storage and management between the edge and cloud continues to increase. Use cases include connected and autonomous vehicles, smart manufacturing, smart cities and emerging generative AI ( Gen AI ) applications. We believe the proliferation and creation of media-rich digital content, further enabled by Gen AI, ML, fifth-generation wireless ( 5G ) technology, the edge and the Internet of Things ( IoT ) will continue to create demand for higher capacity storage solutions. The resulting mass data ecosystem is expected to require increasing amounts of data storage at the edge, in the cloud and in between. Markets The principal data storage markets include: Mass Capacity Storage Markets Mass capacity storage supports scalable, high capacity, cost efficient storage applications, including nearline cloud, nearline enterprise, video and image applications ( VIA ) and network-attached storage ( NAS ) and edge-to-cloud data storage infrastructures. Nearline. Nearline applications require mass capacity devices and mass capacity subsystems that provide end-to-end solutions to businesses for the purpose of modular and scalable storage. Cloud and enterprise storage applications require both high-capacity and energy efficient storage devices to support low total cost of ownership. Seagate systems offer mass capacity storage solutions that provide foundational infrastructure for private and public clouds. The nearline market includes storage for cloud computing, content delivery, archival, backup services and emerging use cases such as generative AI. VIA and NAS. VIA and NAS drives are specifically designed to ensure the appropriate performance and reliability of the system for video analytics and camera enabled environments or network storage environments. These markets include storage for security and smart video installations. Edge-to-cloud data storage infrastructures, transport, and activation of mass data. The Seagate Lyve portfolio grew out of our mass capacity storage portfolio. It provides a simple, cost-efficient and secure way to manage, transport and activate massive volumes of data across the distributed enterprise. Among other elements, the Lyve portfolio includes a shuttle solution that enables enterprises to transfer vast amounts of data from endpoints to the core cloud and a storage-as-a-service cloud that provides frictionless mass capacity storage at the metro edge. Legacy Markets Legacy markets include consumer, client and mission critical applications. We continue to sell to these markets but do not plan significant additional investment. Consumer storage. Consumer applications are externally connected storage, both HDD and SSD-based, used to provide backup capabilities, augmented storage capacity, or portable storage for PCs, mobile devices and gaming consoles. 4 Table of Contents Client storage. Client applications include desktop and notebook storage that rely on low cost-per-HDD and SSD devices to provide built-in storage, digital video recorder ( DVR ) storage for video streaming in always-on consumer premise equipment and media center, and gaming storage for PC-based gaming systems as well as console gaming applications including both internal and external storage options. Mission critical storage. Mission critical applications are defined as those that use very high-performance enterprise class HDDs and SSDs with sophisticated firmware to reliably support very high workloads. Participants in the data storage industry include: Major subcomponent manufacturers. Companies that manufacture components or subcomponents used in data storage devices or solutions include companies that supply spindle motors, heads and media, and application specific integrated circuits ( ASICs ). Storage device manufacturers. Companies that transform components into storage products include disk drive manufacturers and semiconductor storage manufacturers that integrate flash memory into storage products such as SSDs. Storage solutions manufacturers and system integrators. Companies, such as Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEMs ), that bundle and package storage solutions, distributors that integrate storage hardware and software into end-user applications, CSPs that provide cloud based solutions to businesses for the purpose of scale-out storage solutions and modular systems, and producers of solutions such as storage racks. Cloud and hyperscale data centers. Large cloud and hyperscale data center companies, many of which are CSPs, are increasingly designing their own storage subsystems and having them built by contract manufacturers for their own data centers. The leading hyperscale data center companies are also implementing advanced AI technologies to enhance their business growth. To support this AI-driven expansion, they are increasing the storage capacity of both AI-specific and traditional cloud infrastructure. Storage services. Companies that provide and host services and solutions, which include storage, backup, archiving, recovery and discovery of data. Demand for Data Storage In the Worldwide Global DataSphere Forecast, 2025-2029 , published by the International Data Corporation 1 ( IDC ), the global datasphere is forecasted to grow at a compound rate of 25% over the next five years to reach 527 zettabytes annually by 2029. Digital transformation has given rise to many new applications, all of which rely on faster access to and secure storage of data proliferating from endpoints through edge to cloud. Additionally, the adoption of generative AI applications is expected to accelerate the creation of digital content such as text, images and video over the long term. We expect these trends will have a positive impact on storage demand. As more applications require real-time decision making, some data processing and storage are moving closer to the network edge. We believe this will result in a buildup of private and edge cloud environments that will enable fast and secure access to data throughout the IoT ecosystem. Factors contributing to the growth of digital content include: Creation, sharing and consumption of media-rich content, such as high-resolution photos, high-definition videos and digital music through smart phones, tablets, digital cameras, personal video cameras, DVRs, gaming consoles or other digital devices; the adoption of smart home and wearable devices as well as the growth of social media platforms; Rapid consumer and enterprise adoption of widely available generative AI tools; Increasing use of video and imaging sensors to collect and analyze data used to improve traffic flow, emergency response times and manufacturing production costs, as well as for new security surveillance systems that feature higher resolution digital cameras and thus require larger data storage capacities; Creation and collection of data through the development and evolution of the IoT ecosystem, big data analytics, machine learning and new technology trends such as autonomous vehicles and drones, smart manufacturing, and smart cities, as well as emerging trends including generative AI content growth or applications that converge the digital and physical worlds such as the metaverse or use of digital twins; The growing use of analytics, especially for action on data created at the edge instead of processing and analyzing at the data center, which is particularly important for verticals such as autonomous vehicles, property monitoring systems, and smart manufacturing; 1 Worldwide IDC Global DataSphere Forecast, 2025 2029, Doc #US53363625, May 2025. 5 Table of Contents Cloud migration initiatives and the ongoing advancement of the cloud, including the build out of large numbers of cloud data centers by CSPs and private companies transitioning on-site data centers into the cloud; and The need for protection of increased digital content through redundant storage on backup devices and externally provided storage services is essential. As a result of these factors, we anticipate that the nature and volume of data being created will require greater storage capability, which is more efficiently and economically facilitated by higher capacity mass storage solutions. In addition, the economics of storage infrastructure are also evolving. The utilization of private and public cloud storage and open-source solutions is reducing the total cost of ownership of storage while increasing the speed and efficiency with which customers can leverage massive computing and storage devices. Accordingly, we expect these trends will continue to create significant demand for data storage products and solutions going forward. Demand Trends We believe that continued growth in digital content creation will require increasingly higher storage capacity in order to store, aggregate, host, distribute, analyze, manage, protect, back up and use such content. We also believe that as architectures evolve to serve a growing commercial and consumer user base throughout the world, storage solutions will evolve as well. Mass capacity storage is and will continue to be the enabler of scale. According to IDC s 2025 Cloud Infrastructure Index, hard drives store 87% of exabytes in large data center deployments. We expect increased data creation will lead to the expansion of the need for storage in the form of HDDs, SSDs and systems. While the advance of solid state technology in many end markets is expected to increase, we believe that in the foreseeable future, cloud, edge and traditional enterprise that require high-capacity storage solutions will be best served by HDDs due to their ability to deliver reliable, scalable, energy-efficient and the most cost-effective mass storage devices. As HDD capacities continue to increase, demand for higher capacity drives is expected to grow due to their better total cost of ownership compared with lower capacity drives. As a result, we can address higher exabyte demand with fewer HDD units that have higher average capacity per drive. Industry Supply Balance From time to time, the storage industry has experienced periods of imbalance between supply and demand. To the extent that the storage industry builds or maintains capacity based on expectations of demand that do not materialize, price erosion may become more pronounced. Conversely, during periods where demand exceeds supply, we usually have better pricing power and price erosion is generally muted. As production lead-times for our latest generation of high-capacity HDDs have extended, we began to require longer term demand forecasts and commitments from customers to improve supply predictability and create greater alignment between supply and demand. Our Business Data Storage Technologies The design and manufacturing of HDDs depends on highly advanced technology and manufacturing techniques. Therefore, it requires relatively high levels of research and development spending and capital equipment investments. We design, fabricate and assemble a number of the most important components in our disk drives, including read/write heads and recording media. Our design and manufacturing operations are based on technology platforms that are used to produce various disk drive products that serve multiple data storage applications and markets. Our core technology platforms focus on the areal density of media and read/write head technologies, including the Mozaic platform, which is the industry s first implementation of the high-capacity enabling heat-assisted magnetic recording ( HAMR ) technology as well as innovations like shingled-magnetic-recording ("SMR") technology, and the throughput-optimizing multi actuator MACH.2 technology. This design and manufacturing approach allows us to deliver a portfolio of storage products to service a wide range of data storage applications and industries. Disk drives that we manufacture are commonly differentiated by the following key characteristics: Input/output operations per second ( IOPS ), commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the maximum number of reads and writes to a storage location; Storage capacity, commonly expressed in TB, which is the amount of data that can be stored on the disk drive; Areal density, which is a measurement of the storage capacity per square inch on the recording surface of a disk (also known as platter); 6 Table of Contents Spindle rotation speed, commonly expressed in revolutions per minute ( RPM ), which has an effect on speed of access to data; Interface transfer rate, commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the rate at which data moves between the disk drive and the computer controller; Average seek time, commonly expressed in milliseconds, which is the time needed to position the heads over a selected track on the disk surface; Data transfer rate, commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the rate at which data is transferred to and from the disk drive; Product quality and reliability, commonly expressed in annualized return rates; and Energy efficiency, commonly measured by the power output such as energy per TB necessary to operate the disk drive. The total storage capacity of a disk drive is determined by the size and number of disks it contains as well as the areal density capability of these disks. We also offer SSDs as part of our storage solutions portfolio. Our portfolio includes devices with SATA, SAS and NVMe interfaces. The SSDs differ from HDDs in that they are without mechanical parts. SSDs store data on NAND flash memory cells, or metal-oxide semiconductor transistors using a charge on a capacitor to represent a binary digit. SSD technology offers fast access to data and robust performance. SSDs complement hyperscale applications, high-density data centers, cloud environments and web servers. They are also used in mission-critical enterprise applications, consumer, gaming and NAS applications. Manufacturing We primarily design and manufacture our own read/write heads and recording media, which are critical technologies for disk drives. This integrated approach enables us to lower costs and to improve the functionality of components so that they work together efficiently. We believe that because of our vertical design and manufacturing strategy, we are well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities to leverage the close interdependence of components for disk drives. Our manufacturing efficiency and flexibility are critical elements of our integrated business strategy. We continuously seek to improve our manufacturing efficiency and reduce manufacturing costs by: Employing manufacturing automation; Employing machine learning algorithms and AI; Improving product quality and reliability; Integrating our supply chain with suppliers and customers to enhance our demand visibility and reduce our working capital requirements; Coordinating between our manufacturing group and our research and development organization to rapidly achieve volume manufacturing; and Operating our facilities at optimal capacities. A vertically integrated model, however, tends to have less flexibility when demand declines as it exposes us to higher unit costs when capacity utilization is not optimized which would lead to factory underutilization charges as we experienced in fiscal years 2024 and 2023. Components and Raw Materials Disk drives incorporate certain components, including a head disk assembly and a printed circuit board mounted to the head disk assembly, which are sealed inside a rigid base and top cover containing the recording components in a contamination-controlled environment. We maintain a highly integrated approach to our business by designing and manufacturing a significant portion of the components we view as critical to our products, such as read/write heads and recording media. 7 Table of Contents Read/Write Heads. The function of the read/write head is to scan across the disk as it spins, magnetically recording or reading information. The tolerances of read/write heads are extremely demanding and require state-of-the-art equipment and processes. Our read/write heads are manufactured with thin-film and photolithographic processes similar to those used to produce semiconductor integrated circuits, though challenges related to magnetic film properties and topographical structures are unique to the disk drive industry. In addition, HAMR technology utilizes a laser and a near-field transducer on the read/write head to heat an extremely small spot on the magnetic disk, allowing for higher data density storage. We perform all primary stages of design and manufacture of read/write heads at our facilities. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced read/write heads, the mix of which varies based on product mix, technology and our internal capacity levels. Media. Data is written to or read from the media, or disk, as it rotates at very high speeds past the read/write head. The media is made from non-magnetic substrates, usually an aluminum alloy or glass and is coated with thin layers of magnetic materials. HAMR technology requires media with higher coercivity alloys that are stable at room temperature. The laser temporarily lowers the coercivity allowing data to be written. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced finished media and aluminum substrates, the mix of which varies based on product mix, technology and our internal capacity levels. We purchase all of our glass substrates from third parties. Printed Circuit Board Assemblies. The printed circuit board assemblies ( PCBAs ) are comprised of standard and custom ASICs and ancillary electronic control chips. The ASICs control the movement of data to and from the read/write heads and through the internal controller and interface, which communicates with the host computer. The ASICs and control chips form electronic circuitry that delivers instructions to a head positioning mechanism called an actuator to guide the heads to the selected track of a disk where the data is recorded or retrieved. Disk drive manufacturers use one or more industry standard interfaces such as SATA, SCSI, or SAS to communicate to the host systems. Head Disk Assembly. The head disk assembly consists of one or more disks attached to a spindle assembly powered by a spindle motor that rotates the disks at a high constant speed around a hub. Read/write heads, mounted on an arm assembly, similar in concept to that of a record player, fly extremely close to each disk surface, and record data on and retrieve it from concentric tracks in the magnetic layers of the rotating disks. The read/write heads are mounted vertically on an E-shaped assembly ( E-block ) that is actuated by a voice-coil motor to allow the heads to move from track to track. The E-block and recording media are mounted inside the head disk assembly. We purchase spindle motors from outside vendors and from time to time participate in the design of the motors that go into our products. Disk Drive Assembly. Following the completion of the head disk assembly, it is mated to the PCBA, and the completed unit goes through extensive defect mapping and machine learning prior to packaging and shipment. Disk drive assembly and machine learning operations occur primarily at our facilities located in China and Thailand. We perform subassembly and component manufacturing operations at our facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand and the United States. Contract Manufacturing. We outsource the manufacturing and assembly of certain components and products to third parties in various countries worldwide. This includes outsourcing the PCBAs used in our disk drives, SSDs and storage subsystems. We continue to participate in the design of our components and products, and we are directly involved in qualifying key suppliers and components used in our products. Suppliers of Components and Industry Constraints. There are a limited number of independent suppliers of components, such as recording heads and media, available to disk drive manufacturers. From time to time, we may enter into long-term supply arrangements with these independent suppliers. Vertically integrated disk drive manufacturers like us, who manufacture their own components, are less dependent on external component suppliers than less vertically integrated disk drive manufacturers. However, certain parts of our business have been adversely affected by our suppliers capacity constraints and this could occur again in the future. Commodity and Other Manufacturing Costs. The production of disk drives requires rare earth elements, precious metals, scarce alloys and industrial commodities, which are subject to fluctuations in price and the supply of which has at times been constrained. In addition to increased costs of components and commodities, volatility in fuel and other transportation costs may also increase our costs related to commodities, manufacturing and freight. As a result, we may increase our use of alternative shipment methods to help offset any increase in freight costs, and we will continually review various forms of shipments and routes to minimize the exposure to higher freight costs. Products We offer a broad range of storage solutions for mass capacity storage and legacy applications. We differentiate products on the basis of capacity, performance, product quality, reliability, price, form factor, interface, power consumption efficiency, security features and other customer integration requirements. Our industry is characterized by continuous and significant advances in technology that contribute to rapid product life cycles. Currently our product offerings include: 8 Table of Contents Mass Capacity Storage Enterprise Nearline HDDs. Our high-capacity enterprise HDDs, including HAMR-based Mozaic drives, ship in capacities of up to 35TB. These products are designed for mass capacity data storage in the cloud and at the edge, as well as server environments and cloud systems that require high capacity, enterprise reliability, energy efficiency and integrated security. They are available in SATA and SAS interfaces. Additionally, certain customers can utilize many of our HDDs with SMR technology enabled which increases the available storage capacity of the drive with certain performance trade-offs. Enterprise SSDs. Our enterprise SSDs are designed for high-performance, hyperscale, high-density and cloud applications. They are offered with multiple interfaces, including SATA and NVMe, and in capacities up to 30TB. Enterprise Systems. Our systems portfolio provides modular storage arrays, storage server platforms, multi-level configuration for disks (commonly referred as JBODs) and expansion shelves to expand and upgrade data center storage infrastructure and other enterprise applications. They feature speed, scalability and security. Our capacity-optimized systems feature multiple scalable configurations and can accommodate up to 2.5 petabytes of HDDs per chassis. We offer capacity and performance-optimized systems that include all-flash, all-disk and hybrid arrays for workloads demanding high performance, capacity and efficiency. VIA. Our video and image HDDs are built to support the high-write workload of always-on, always-recording video systems. These optimized drives are built to support the growing needs of the video imaging market with support for multiple streams and capacities up to 30TB. NAS. Our NAS drives are built to support the performance and reliability demanded by small and medium businesses, and incorporate interface software with custom-built health management, error recovery controls, power settings and vibration tolerance. Our NAS HDD solutions are available in capacities up to 30TB. We also offer NAS SSDs with capacities up to 4TB. Legacy Applications Mission Critical HDDs and SSDs. Although we have stopped offering 15,000 RPM HDDs, we continue to support 10,000 RPM HDDs, offered in capacities up to 2.4TB, which enable increased throughput while improving energy efficiency. Our enterprise SSDs are available in capacities up to 30TB with various interfaces. Our SSDs deliver the speed and consistency required for demanding enterprise storage and server applications. Consumer Solutions. Our external storage solutions with capacities up to 24TB are shipped, under the Seagate Ultra Touch, One Touch, Expansion and Basics product lines, as well as under the LaCie brand name. We strive to deliver the best customer experience by leveraging our core technologies, offering services such as Seagate Recovery Services (data recovery) and partnering with leading brands such as Microsoft s Xbox and Sony s PlayStation. Client Applications. Our 3.5-inch desktop drives offer up to 24TB of capacity, designed for personal computers and workstation applications and our 2.5-inch notebook drives offer up to 5TB for HDD and up to 4TB for SSD designed for applications such as traditional notebooks, convertible systems and external storage to address a range of performance needs and sizes for affordable, high-capacity storage. Our DVR HDDs are optimized for video streaming in always-on consumer premise equipment applications with capacities up to 8TB. Our gaming SSDs are specifically optimized internal storage for gaming rigs and are designed to enhance the gaming experience during game load and game play with capacities up to 4TB. Lyve Edge-to-Cloud Mass Capacity Platform Lyve. Lyve is our as-a-service platform built with mass data in mind. These solutions, including modular hardware and software delivered in a consumption-based model, support enterprises on-premise and cloud data transfer and retention needs. Lyve Cloud Object Storage is a consumption-based, mass storage simple storage service ( S3 ) compatible cloud, completing our comprehensive edge-to-cloud portfolio. Lyve Cloud is available in standard and infrequent access tiers, across multiple geographic regions. Customers We sell our products to major OEMs, distributors and retailers. 9 Table of Contents OEM customers, including large hyperscale data center companies and CSPs, typically enter into master purchase agreements with us. Deliveries are scheduled only after receipt of purchase orders. Historically, customers could defer or cancel most purchase orders without significant penalty. However, during fiscal year 2024, as production lead-times extended for our latest generation of high-capacity hard disk drives, we began to require longer term demand forecasts and commitments, with potential cancellation charges across key global OEM customers which was necessary to improve supply predictability and align supply with customer demand requirements. While not entirely eliminating order deferments or cancellations from our key OEM customers, we expect these changes will dampen demand volatility over time. Our distributors generally enter into non-exclusive agreements for the resale of our products. They typically furnish us with a non-binding indication of their near-term requirements and product deliveries are generally scheduled accordingly. The agreements and related sales programs typically provide the distributors with limited rights of return and price protection. In addition, we offer sales programs to distributors on a quarterly and periodic basis to promote the sale of selected products in the sales channel. Our retail channel consists of our branded storage products sold to retailers either by us directly or by our distributors. Retail sales made by us or our distributors typically require greater marketing support, sales incentives and price protection periods. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16. Revenue contained in this report for a description of our major customers. Competition We compete primarily with manufacturers of hard drives used in the mass capacity storage and legacy markets, and with other companies in the data storage industry that provide SSDs and systems. Some of the principal factors used by customers to differentiate among data storage solutions manufacturers are storage capacity, product performance, product quality and reliability, price per unit and price per TB, storage/retrieval access times, data transfer rates, form factor, product warranty and support capabilities, supply continuity and flexibility, power consumption, total cost of ownership and brand. While different markets and customers place varying levels of emphasis on these factors, we believe that our products are competitive with respect to many of these factors in the markets that we currently compete in. Principal Competitors. We compete with manufacturers of storage solutions and the other principal manufacturers in the data storage solution industry including: Kioxia Holdings Corporation; Micron Technology, Inc.; Samsung Electronics; Sandisk Corporation; SK hynix, Inc.; Toshiba Corporation; and Western Digital Corporation. Price Erosion. Historically, our industry has been characterized by price declines for data storage products with comparable capacity, performance and feature sets ( like-for-like products ). Price declines for like-for-like products ( price erosion ) tend to be more pronounced during periods of: Economic contraction in which competitors may use discounted pricing to attempt to maintain or gain market share; Few new product introductions when competitors have comparable or alternative product offerings; and Industry supply exceeding demand. Data storage manufacturers typically attempt to offset price erosion with an improved mix of data storage products characterized by higher capacity, better performance and additional feature sets and product cost reductions. We believe our HDDs supply and demand remained well balanced during fiscal year 2025, supporting a healthy pricing environment. 10 Table of Contents Product Life Cycles and Changing Technology. Success in our industry has been dependent to a large extent on the ability to balance the introduction and transition of new products with time-to-volume, performance, capacity and quality metrics at a competitive price, level of service and support that our customers expect. Generally, the drive manufacturer that introduces a new product first benefits from improved product mix, favorable profit margins and less pricing pressure until comparable products are introduced. Evolving technology also necessitates on-going investments in research and development, which may be difficult to recover due to rapid product life cycles or economic declines. Further, there is a continuing need to successfully execute product transitions and new product introductions, as factors such as quality, reliability and manufacturing yields continue to be of significant competitive importance. Cyclicality and Seasonality Our mass capacity markets are subject to variability of sales, which can be attributed to the timing of IT spending or a reflection of cyclical demand from CSPs based on the timing of their procurement and deployment requirements and their ability to procure other components needed to build out data center infrastructure. Our legacy markets, such as consumer storage applications, traditionally experienced seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the first half of the fiscal year, primarily driven by consumer spending related to back-to-school season and traditional holiday shopping season. Research and Development Our Research Development (R D) organization is focused on the development of storage solutions leveraging our areal density leadership in mass capacity hard disk drives. Our portfolio also includes solid state drives and systems. We continue to develop innovative magnetic recording technologies as well as conduct research on adjacent technologies necessary for the development of scalable, high-availability storage products. Seagate s HAMR based Mozaic platform reflects our ability to productize complex nanoscale technologies, create a foundation for scaling to increasingly higher capacity hard drive storage products, and extend our areal density leadership. In addition, we continue to optimize our perpendicular magnetic recording ( PMR ) product development and manufacturing by leveraging design systems that extend across product generations and result in more efficient resource utilization. Our wafer and media development, recording subsystems, firmware, and system development happens around the world. Our primary R D centers are located in Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand and in the U.S. in California, Colorado and Minnesota. The expenses related to R D depend on several factors including the stage of technological development and product qualification timelines. Patents and Licenses As of June 27, 2025, we had approximatel y 3,273 U .S. patents and 243 patents issued in various non-U.S. jurisdictions, as well as approximately 221 U.S. and 38 non-U.S. patent applications pending. The number of patents and patent applications will vary at any given time as part of our ongoing patent portfolio management activity. Due to the rapid technological change that characterizes the data storage industry, we believe that, in addition to patent protection, the improvement of existing products, reliance upon trade secrets, protection of unpatented proprietary know-how and development of new products are also important to our business in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage. Accordingly, we intend to continue our efforts to broadly protect our intellectual property, including obtaining patents, where available, in connection with our research and development program. The data storage industry is characterized by significant litigation arising from time to time relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. Occasionally, we receive claims that our products infringe patents of third parties. Although we have been able to resolve some of those claims or potential claims without a material adverse effect on us, other claims have resulted in adverse decisions or settlements. In addition, other claims are pending, which if resolved unfavorably to us could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For more information on these claims, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 13. Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies . The costs of engaging in intellectual property litigation in the past have been, and in the future may be, substantial, irrespective of the merits of the claim or the outcome. 11 Table of Contents Environmental Matters Our operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Some of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent and reduce air and water pollution, and these permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by issuing authorities . We have established an environmental management system and continually review and update our environmental policies and standard operating procedures for our operations worldwide as needed. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits. We budget for operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental laws. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the future, we could incur additional operating costs and capital expenditures . Some environmental laws, such as the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the Superfund law) and its state equivalents, can impose liability for the cost of cleanup of contaminated sites upon any of the current or former site owners or operators, or upon parties who sent waste to these sites, regardless of whether the owner or operator owned the site at the time of the release of hazardous substances or the lawfulness of the original disposal activity. We have been identified as a responsible or potentially responsible party at several sites. At each of these sites, we have an assigned portion of the financial exposure based on the type and amount of hazardous substances disposed of by each party at the site and the number of financially viable parties. We have fulfilled our responsibilities at some of these sites and remain involved in only a few at this time. Based on our current estimates of cleanup costs and our expected allocation of these costs, we do not expect costs in connection with these sites to be material . We may be subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including those restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic products. For example, the European Union ( EU ) enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (2011/65/EU), which prohibits the use of certain substances, including lead, in certain products, including disk drives and server storage products , put on the market after July 1, 2006. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in Canada, China, Japan, Mexico, Taiwan, the U.S. and others. The EU REACH Directive (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals, EC 1907/2006) also restricts substances of very high concern in products. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with the substance restrictions, recycle content requirements or other environmental requirements as they are enacted worldwide, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business . Social and Employee Matters As of June 27, 2025, we employed approximately 30,000 full-time employees worldwide, of which approximately 25,000 were located in Asia. We believe that our employees are crucial to our current success and that our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to attract, retain and further motivate qualified employees at all levels. We believe that our employee relations are good. Culture of Inclusion. We thrive as a global workforce by leveraging our collective strengths and experiences to develop and deliver our business strategy. One of the ways we foster a culture of belonging and inclusion is through our support of Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). These voluntary, employee-led communities are built around shared experiences and offer numerous benefits, including fostering workplace connections and enhancing a sense of belonging. Our ERGs are open to all employees, representing a wide range of backgrounds and focus on leadership topics, networking, and community outreach. There are 32 ERG chapters across seven countries, all led by employees and supported by Seagate leaders. Through these ongoing efforts, our primary goal is to ensure every employee feels safe, respected, and welcomed. We also celebrate our culture of belonging and inclusion by recognizing cultural and heritage months across our global locations. Events such as Lunar New Year, Veterans Day, and International Women s Day are marked with activities like educational panels, cultural recipe sharing, employee interviews, and other community-relevant celebrations. Health Safety. All our manufacturing sites have health and safety management systems certified to the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) 45001 standard. In addition, we are audited to health and safety standards set forth by the Responsible Business Alliance ( RBA ). Our global health and safety standards, as well as our accompanying Environment, Health and Safety ( EHS ) management systems, frequently go beyond country or industry-level guidelines to ensure that we keep our employees healthy and safe. We regularly host health and safety regulatory visits that focus on issues such as safety, radiation, fire codes, food and transportation. Through our EHS management systems, we ensure that the focus remains on the continuous improvement of employee health and safety programs. We continue to provide comprehensive health and safety training to our employees. We emphasize e-learning courses as our main vehicle for delivering such training because employees can learn at their own pace. 12 Table of Contents Development, Retention, Compensation, Benefits Engagement. Our performance management system is a continuous process that helps team members focus on the right priorities. Meaningful conversations between managers and employees are the foundation of performance management at Seagate. We focus on dialogue centered around manager and employee conversations, and ongoing feedback, to align goals. This approach focuses on achieving high-quality productive dialogue between managers and employees. We also encourage our employees to participate in the many learning opportunities available at Seagate. The portfolio of learning and training opportunities includes but is not limited to mentoring and coaching, e-learning opportunities, self-paced training, on-the-job training and other strategic internal programs that cover topics ranging from leadership and technical skills to health, safety and the environment. For example, our internal mobility and career development tool provides Seagate employees with the opportunity to establish networking and mentorship connections, identify and participate in internal part-time projects, and explore internal full-time positions. Our Total Rewards program is designed to attract, motivate and retain talented people to meet our business goals. The program generally includes base pay, annual bonuses, commissions, equity awards, an employee share purchasing plan, retirement savings opportunities and other employee health and wellness benefits. Our compensation programs and guidelines are structured to align pay with both company and employee performance and aim to provide internally and externally competitive total compensation. Employee engagement is the psychological commitment and passion that drives discretionary effort. It predicts individual performance and is the measure of the relationship between employees and the Company. Our engagement survey includes facets of the employee experience throughout the employee life cycle. Employee experience is what employees encounter and observe during their career at Seagate. A positive employee experience can have an impact on everything from recruiting to Seagate's bottom line. In fiscal year 2025 , we conducted our Employee Experience Survey to obtain feedback from our global workforce on their experience at Seagate. Managers were provided access to a dashboard with results that shared key drivers of employee engagement specific to their own organizations for action planning. We conducted several additional surveys across Seagate s global footprint, which were followed by employee and leader connection sessions at the regional and site levels, for the continuous improvement of internal communications and business planning. Community Impact. Our community engagement program is designed to provide support to our local communities, with an emphasis on science, technology, engineering and mathematics ( STEM ). This year to support STEM, we organized Take Our Children to Work Day at eight of our largest sites. More than 330 children visited and engaged in educational activities including hard drive assembly, AI design workshops, and electromagnetic experiments. We also continued to promote sustainability and environmental programs including Earth Day in April. Employees around the world participated in environmentally friendly activities, including litter cleanups and tree planting. Employees in Singapore maintain a rooftop garden where the food produced is donated to a local home for the elderly, a great example of sustaining a partnership between employee volunteers and a community need. We continued supporting various food banks, blood drives, and other non-profit organizations including Habitat for Humanity in Minnesota where employees spent 11 days building homes for those in need. Our community engagement program prioritizes local relationships to strengthen ties within the communities we work and live in. By collaborating with various local organizations, participating in community-driven initiatives, and addressing specific needs near our locations, we aim to create a more sustainable and positive impact that resonates both now and in the future. Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) Performance Report Additional information regarding our ESG commitment and progress can be found on the ESG section of our website and in our ESG Performance Report. Information contained on our website or in our annual ESG Performance Report is not incorporated by reference into this or any other report we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Financial Information Financial information for our reportable business segment and about geographic areas is set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 15. Business Segment and Geographic Information. Corporate Information Seagate Technology Holdings plc is a public limited company organized under the laws of Ireland. 13 Table of Contents Available Information Availability of Reports. We are a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Exchange Act ), and we file reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Because we make filings to the SEC electronically, the public may access this information at the SEC's website: www.sec.gov. This site contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Website Access. Our website is www.seagate.com. We make available, free of charge at the Investor Relations section of our website (investors.seagate.com), our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the 1934 Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the SEC. Reports of beneficial ownership filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the 1934 Exchange Act are also available on our website. Investors. Investors and others should note that we routinely use the Investor Relations section of our website to announce material information to investors and the marketplace. While not all of the information that the Company posts on its corporate website is of a material nature, some information could be deemed to be material. Accordingly, the Company encourages investors, the media and others interested in the Company to review the information that it shares on www.seagate.com. Information in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated into this Form 10-K. Information About Our Executive Officers The following sets forth the name, age and position of each of the persons who were serving as executive officers as of August 1, 2025. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers. Name Age Positions Dr. William D. Mosley 58 Director and Chief Executive Officer Gianluca Romano 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ban Seng Teh 59 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer James C. Lee 55 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary KianFatt Chong 62 Senior Vice President, Global Operations Dr. John C. Morris 58 Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Dr. William D. Mosley, 58, has served as our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) since October 2017 and as a member of the Board since July 2017. He previously served as our President and Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) from June 2016 to September 2017. He also served as our President of Operations and Technology from October 2013 to June 2016 and as our Executive Vice President of Operations from March 2011 until October 2013. Prior to these positions, Dr. Mosley served as Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing from February 2009 through March 2011; Senior Vice President of Global Disk Storage Operations from 2007 to 2009; and Vice President of Research and Development, Engineering from 2002 to 2007. He joined Seagate in 1996 as a Senior Engineer with a PhD in solid state physics. From 1996 to 2002, he served at Seagate in varying roles of increasing responsibility until his promotion to Vice President. Gianluca Romano, 56, has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2019. From October 2011 to December 2018, Mr. Romano served as Corporate Vice President, Business Finance and Accounting at Micron Technology, Inc ( Micron ), a producer of computer memory and computer data storage. Prior to his role at Micron, Mr. Romano served as Vice President Finance, Corporate Controller at Numonyx, Inc., a flash memory company which was acquired by Micron in February 2010, from 2008 to 2010. From 1994 until 2008, Mr. Romano held various finance positions at STMicroelectronics, an electronics and semiconductor manufacturer, most recently as Group Vice-President, Central North Europe Finance Director, Shared Accounting Services Director. Ban Seng Teh, 59, has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer since July 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Teh served as Executive Vice President of Global Sales and Sales Operations from February 2021 to July 2022 and Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Sales Operations from November 2014 to February 2021. Mr. Teh also served as our Senior Vice President of Asia-Pacific and Japan Sales and marketing from July 2010 to November 2014. Mr. Teh joined Seagate in 1989 as a field customer engineer and has served in varying roles of increasing responsibilities, including as Vice President, Asia Pacific Sales and Marketing (Singapore) from January 2008 to July 2010; Vice President, Sales Operations from 2006 to 2008; Vice President, Asia Pacific Sales from 2003 to 2006; Director, Marketing and APAC Distribution Sales from 1999 to 2003; and Country Manager, South Asia Sales from 1996 to 1999. 14 Table of Contents James C. Lee, 55, has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since June 2024. Mr. Lee oversees all legal operations, government relations and public policy at Seagate, as well as leads the enterprise-wide strategy for identifying, incubating, and commercializing emerging technologies. Before joining our company, Mr. Lee served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel Corporate Secretary at Maxar Technologies, a space technology company, from April 2019 to June 2024. Prior to Maxar Technologies, Mr. Lee worked at Aramark Corporation, a food and facilities service provider, for 15 years. KianFatt Chong, 62, has served as our Senior Vice President, Global Operations since October 2020. Prior to his current role, Mr. Chong was Senior Vice President, Global Drive Operations from December 2013 to September 2020. He served as Vice President of China Operations from July 2003 to November 2013, expanding and also spearheading the first campus concept in Seagate with multiple manufacturing operations disciplines all located in a single site. Since joining Seagate in 1989 as an engineer, Mr. Chong has held a variety of leadership positions and has been a key strategic contributor for many of Seagate s operations and manufacturing capabilities across the global footprints. Dr. John C. Morris, 58, has served as our Senior Vice President, HDD and SSD Products and Chief Technology Officer since 2019. Prior to his current role, Dr. Morris was the Vice President of HDD and SSD Products from August 2015 to August 2019. Before that, he served as Vice President of Design Engineering and Enterprise Development Group driving focus on technical and strategic alignment with enterprise and cloud customers from September 2013 to August 2015. Since joining the Company in 1996, Dr. Morris has held a variety of engineering leadership positions and has been a key contributor to many of Seagate s core technologies. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, brand and/or the price of our outstanding ordinary shares, and make an investment in our ordinary shares speculative or risky. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Additional risks beyond those summarized below or discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may apply to our business and operations as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future or to the markets in which we currently, or may in the future, operate. Risks Related to our Business, Operations and Industry Our ability to increase our revenue and maintain our market share depends on our ability to successfully introduce and achieve market acceptance of new products on a timely basis. If our products do not keep pace with customer requirements, our results of operations will be adversely affected. We operate in highly competitive markets and our failure to anticipate and respond to technological changes and other market developments, including price competition, could harm our ability to compete and risk the commoditization of our products. We have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by reduced, delayed, loss of or canceled purchases by one or more of our key customers, including large hyperscale data center companies and CSPs. We are dependent on sales to distributors and retailers, which may increase price erosion and the volatility of our sales. We must plan our investments in our products and incur costs before we have customer orders or know about the market conditions at the time the products are produced. If we fail to predict demand accurately for our products or if the markets for our products change, we may have insufficient demand or we may be unable to meet demand, which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in demand for computer systems, data storage subsystems and consumer electronic devices has previously caused, and may in the future cause, a decline in demand for our products. We have a long and unpredictable sales cycle for nearline storage solutions, which impairs our ability to accurately predict our financial and operating results in any period and may adversely affect our ability to manage inventory and forecast the need for investments and expenditures. We experience seasonal declines in the sales of our consumer products during the second half of our fiscal year which may adversely affect our results of operations. Our worldwide sales and manufacturing operations subject us to risks that may adversely affect our business related to disruptions in international markets, currency exchange fluctuations and increased costs. We may not be able to execute acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully and we may have difficulty or fail to successfully integrate acquired companies. 15 Table of Contents Risks Associated with Supply and Manufacturing Shortages or delays in the receipt of, or cost increases in, critical components, equipment or raw materials necessary to manufacture our products, as well as reliance on single-source suppliers, has in the past and may in the future affect our production and development of products and harm our operating results. We have cancelled purchase commitments with suppliers and incurred costs associated with such cancellations, and if revenues fall or customer demand decreases significantly, we may seek to cancel or may otherwise not meet our purchase commitments to certain suppliers in the future, which could result in damages, penalties, disputes, litigation, increased manufacturing costs or excess inventory. Due to the complexity of our products, some defects may only become detectable after deployment, which may lead to increased costs and adversely affect our operating results. Risks Related to Financial Performance or General Economic Conditions Changes in the macroeconomic environment have impacted and may continue to negatively impact our results of operations. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows from operations and our investments to meet our liquidity requirements, including servicing our indebtedness and continuing to declare our quarterly dividend. Our quarterly results of operations fluctuate, sometimes significantly, from period to period, and may cause our share price to decline. If we do not adequately control our costs or if any cost reduction activities that we undertake do not deliver the results we expect, we will not be able to compete effectively and our financial condition may be adversely impacted. The effect of geopolitical uncertainties, political unrest, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues and other circumstances, on national and/or international commerce and on the global economy, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to counterparty default risks. Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks Our business is subject to various laws, regulations and governmental policies that may cause us to incur significant expense or adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Some of our products and services are subject to export control laws and other laws affecting the countries in which our products and services may be sold, distributed, or delivered, and any changes to or violation of these laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Changes in U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of sanctions or tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have a material and adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our business is exposed to risks associated with litigation, investigations and regulatory proceedings that may cause us to incur significant expense or adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Tax-related matters could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are at times subject to intellectual property proceedings and claims which could cause us to incur significant additional costs or prevent us from selling our products, and which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our business and certain products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties, as well as data centers and infrastructure operated by third parties. Risks Related to Information Technology, Data and Information Security We could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability including legal and regulatory consequences, reputational harm and other serious negative consequences in the event of cyber-attacks, ransomware or other cyber security breaches or incidents that disrupt our operations, cause widespread outages, and/or result in unauthorized access to, or the loss, corruption, unavailability or dissemination of proprietary or confidential information of our customers or about us or other third parties. We must maintain and upgrade our global enterprise resource planning system and other information technology ( IT ) systems, and our failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Table of Contents Risks Related to Human Capital and Corporate Responsibility The loss of or inability to attract, retain and motivate key executive officers and employees could negatively impact our business prospects. We are subject to risks related to corporate and social responsibility that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. Risks Related to Owning our Ordinary Shares The price of our ordinary shares may be volatile and could decline significantly. Any decision to reduce or discontinue the payment of cash dividends to our shareholders or the repurchase of our ordinary shares pursuant to our previously announced share repurchase program could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline significantly. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS, OPERATIONS AND INDUSTRY Our ability to increase our revenue and maintain our market share depends on our ability to successfully introduce and achieve market acceptance of new products on a timely basis. If our products do not keep pace with customer requirements, our results of operations will be adversely affected. The markets for our products are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and technology enhancements, uncertain product life cycles and changes in customer demand. The success of our products and services also often depends on whether our offerings are compatible with our customers or third-parties products or services and their changing technologies. Our customers demand new generations of storage products as advances in computer hardware and software have created the need for improved storage, with features such as increased storage capacity, enhanced security, energy efficiency, improved performance and reliability and lower cost. We, and our competitors, have developed improved products, and we will need to continue to do so in the future. Historically, our results of operations have substantially depended upon our ability to be among the first-to-market with new data storage product offerings. We have faced and may continue to face technological, operational and financial challenges in developing new products. In addition, our investments in new product development may not yield the anticipated results. Our market share, revenue and results of operations have been, and in the future may be adversely affected by our failure to: develop new products, identify business strategies and timely introduce competitive product offerings to meet technological shifts; consistently maintain our time-to-market performance with our new products; manufacture these products in adequate volume; meet specifications or satisfy compatibility requirements; qualify these products with key customers on a timely basis by meeting our customers performance, quality and security specifications; or achieve acceptable manufacturing yields, quality and margins with these products. Accordingly, we cannot accurately determine the ultimate effect that our new products will have on our results of operations. Our failure to accurately anticipate customers needs and accurately identify the shift in technological changes could materially and adversely affect our long-term financial results. In addition, the concentration of customers in our largest end markets magnifies the potential adverse effect of missing a product qualification opportunity. If the delivery of our products is delayed, our customers may use our competitors products to meet their requirements. When we develop new products with higher capacity and more advanced technology, our results of operations may decline because the increased difficulty and complexity associated with producing these products increases the likelihood of reliability, quality or operability problems. If our products experience increases in failure rates, are of low quality or are not reliable, customers may reduce their purchases of our products, our factory utilization may decrease and our manufacturing rework and scrap costs, along with our service and warranty costs may increase. In addition, a decline in the reliability of our products may make it more difficult for us to effectively compete with our competitors. Additionally, we may be unable to produce new products that have higher capacities and more advanced technologies in the volumes and timeframes that are required to meet customer demand. As part of our launch of the Mozaic hard drive platform, we are transitioning to key areal density recording technologies that use HAMR technology to increase HDD capacities. If our transitions to more advanced technologies, including the transition to HDDs utilizing HAMR technology, require development, qualification or production cycles that are longer than anticipated or if we otherwise fail to implement new HDD technologies successfully, we may lose sales and market share, which could significantly harm our financial results and reputation. 17 Table of Contents We cannot assure you that we will be among the leaders in time-to-market with new products or that we will be able to successfully qualify new products with our customers in the future. If our new products are not successful, our future results of operations may be adversely affected. We operate in highly competitive markets and our failure to anticipate and respond to technological changes and other market developments, including price competition, could harm our ability to compete and risk the commoditization of our products. We face intense competition in the data storage industry. Our principal sources of competition include HDD and SSD manufacturers, and companies that provide storage subsystems, including electronic manufacturing services and contract electronic manufacturing. The markets for our data storage products are characterized by technological change, which is driven in part by the adoption of new industry standards. These standards provide mechanisms to ensure technology component interoperability but they also hinder our ability to innovate or differentiate our products. When this occurs, our products may be considered commodities, which has historically, and could in the future, result in downward pressure on prices. We also experience competition from other companies that produce alternative storage technologies such as flash memory, where increasing capacity, decreasing cost, energy efficiency and improvements in performance have resulted in SSDs that offer increased competition with our lower capacity, smaller form factor HDDs and a declining trend in demand for HDDs in our legacy markets. Some customers for both mass capacity storage and legacy markets have adopted SSDs as an alternative to hard drives in certain applications. Further adoption of SSDs or other alternative storage technologies may limit our total addressable HDD market, impact the competitiveness of our product portfolio and reduce our market share. Any resulting increase in competition could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our industry has experienced consolidation and may continue to consolidate. Consolidation may result in new or stronger competitors, and such competitors may have greater resources or competitive advantages. In addition, current and potential competitors have established and may in the future establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties, including some of our partners or suppliers, that result in declines in revenue or willingness to purchase from or sell to us, as applicable, on favorable terms. We have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by reduced, delayed, loss of or canceled purchases by, one or more of our key customers, including large hyperscale data center companies and CSPs. Some of our key customers, such as OEM customers including large hyperscale data center companies and CSPs, account for a large portion of our revenue in our mass capacity markets. While we have long-standing relationships with many of our customers, if any key customers were to significantly reduce, defer or cancel their purchases or delay product acceptances, or we were prohibited from selling to those key customers for any reason, such as export regulations or other factors beyond our control, our revenues and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, particularly if we are unable to collect any applicable cancellation charges. Although sales to key customers may vary from period to period, a key customer that permanently discontinues or significantly reduces its relationship with us, or that we are prohibited from selling to, could be difficult to replace. In line with industry practice, new key customers usually require that we pass a lengthy and rigorous qualification process. Accordingly, it may be a difficult, costly or prolonged process to attract and sign new key customers. Furthermore, to the extent that there is consolidation among our customer base, or when supply exceeds demand in our industry, our customers may be able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, causing price erosion that could adversely affect our profitability. Furthermore, if such customer pressures require us to reduce our pricing such that our gross margins are diminished, it might not be feasible to sell to a particular customer, which could result in a decrease in our revenue. Consolidation among our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our products, replacement of our products by the combined entity with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations. If a significant transaction or regulatory impact involving any of our key customers results in the loss of or reduction in purchases by these key customers, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 18 Table of Contents We are dependent on sales to distributors and retailers, which may increase price erosion and the volatility of our sales . Sales to distributors and retailers of disk drive products account for a substantial portion of our revenue. Many of our distributors and retailers also market competing products. We face significant competition in this distribution channel as a result of limited product qualification programs and a focus on price, terms and product availability. Sales volumes through this channel are also less predictable and subject to greater volatility. In addition, deterioration in business and economic conditions has exacerbated price erosion and volatility as distributors and retailers lower prices to compensate for lower demand and higher inventory levels. Our distributors and retailers ability to access credit to fund their operations may also affect their purchases of our products. If prices decline significantly in this distribution channel or our distributors or retailers reduce purchases of our products, experience financial difficulties or terminate their relationships with us, our revenues and results of operations would be adversely affected. We must plan our investments in our products and incur costs before we have customer orders or know about the market conditions at the time the products are produced. If we fail to predict demand accurately for our products or if the markets for our products change, we may have insufficient demand or we may be unable to meet demand, which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our results of operations are highly dependent on cloud, enterprise and consumer spending and the resulting demand for our products. Reduced demand, particularly from our key cloud and enterprise customers as a result of a significant change in macroeconomic conditions or other factors, may result in a significant reduction or cancellation of their purchases from us, which has in the past and may in the future materially and adversely impact our business and financial condition. Our manufacturing process requires us to make significant product-specific investments in inventory for production at least three to six months in advance. As a result, we incur inventory and manufacturing costs in advance of anticipated sales that may never materialize or that may be substantially lower than expected. In addition, because of our vertical design and manufacturing strategy, operations have significant fixed costs that are difficult to reduce in the short-term, including our costs relating to utilization of existing facilities and equipment. If we fail to forecast demand accurately or if there is a partial or complete reduction in long term demand for our products, we may also experience excess and obsolescence of inventory, higher inventory carrying costs, factory underutilization charges and manufacturing rework costs, which have resulted in and could in the future result in material and adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. For example, due to customer inventory adjustments, we have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, a slowdown in demand for our products, particularly in the mass capacity markets. These reductions in demand have required us to significantly reduce manufacturing production plans and recognize factory underutilization charges in fiscal years 2024 and 2023. We develop and manufacture technologically advanced products that require precision engineering, specialized manufacturing processes and rigorous quality control standards. During periods of increasing demand, the complexity of these products and our manufacturing processes has contributed to challenges in recommissioning and effectively utilizing our production equipment to meet customer needs. These difficulties may arise again in the future, potentially delaying our ability to respond to an improving demand environment. Any inability to efficiently restart or fully utilize our production equipment could result in missed revenue opportunities, increased operational costs, and adverse effects on our business and financial condition. Other factors that have affected and may continue to affect our ability to anticipate or meet the demand for our products and adversely affect our results of operations include: competitive product announcements or technological advances that result in excess supply when customers cancel purchases in anticipation of newer products; variability in demand due to end market conditions, including fluctuations in adoption rates of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, shifts in customer preferences and broader economic trends; variable demand resulting from unanticipated upward or downward pricing pressures; our ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and sell our data storage products; changes in our product mix, which may adversely affect our gross margins; key customers deferring or canceling purchases or delaying product acceptances, or unexpected increases in their orders; manufacturing delays or interruptions, particularly at our manufacturing facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand or the United States; limited access to components that we obtain from a single or a limited number of suppliers; and the impact of changes in trade policy, including tariffs, and/or foreign currency exchange rates on the cost of producing our products and the effective price of our products to our customers. 19 Table of Contents Changes in demand for computer systems, data storage subsystems and consumer electronic devices has previously caused, and may in the future cause, a decline in demand for our products. Our products are incorporated in computers, data storage systems deployed in data centers and consumer electronic devices. Historically, the demand for these products has been volatile. Unexpected slowdowns in demand for computers, data storage subsystems or consumer electronic devices generally result in sharp declines in demand for our products. Declines in customer spending on the systems and devices that incorporate our products could have a material and adverse effect on demand for our products and on our financial condition and results of operations. Uncertain global economic and business conditions can exacerbate, and have in the past exacerbated, these risks. We are dependent on our long-term investments to manufacture adequate products. Our investment decisions in adding new manufacturing capacity require significant planning and lead time, and a failure to accurately forecast demand for our products could cause us to over-invest or under-invest, which would lead to excess capacity, underutilization charges, or impairments. Sales to the legacy markets remain an important part of our business. These markets, however, have been, and we expect them to continue to be, adversely affected by: announcements or introductions of major new operating systems or semiconductor improvements or shifts in customer preferences, performance requirements and behavior, such as the shift to tablet computers, smart phones, NAND flash memory or similar devices that meet customers cost and capacity metrics; longer product life cycles; and changes in macroeconomic conditions that cause customers to spend less, such as the imposition of new and/or increased tariffs, increased laws and regulations, and increased unemployment levels. The deterioration of demand for disk drives in certain of the legacy markets has accelerated, and we believe this deterioration may continue and may further accelerate, which has caused and could further cause our operating results to suffer. In addition, we believe announcements regarding competitive product introductions from time to time have caused customers to defer or cancel their purchases, making certain inventory obsolete. Whenever an oversupply of products in the market causes our industry to have higher than anticipated inventory levels, we experience even more intense price competition from other manufacturers than usual, which may materially and adversely affect our financial results. We have a long and unpredictable sales cycle for nearline storage solutions, which impairs our ability to accurately predict our financial and operating results in any period and may adversely affect our ability to manage inventory and forecast the need for investments and expenditures . Our nearline storage solutions are technically complex and we typically supply them in high quantities to a small number of customers. Many of our products are tailored to meet the specific requirements of individual customers and are often integrated by our customers into the systems and products that they sell. Our sales cycle for nearline storage solutions could exceed one year and be unpredictable, depending on the time required for developing, testing and evaluating our products before deployment, the size of deployment, and the complexity of system configuration necessary for development. Additionally, our nearline storage solutions are subject to variability of sales primarily due to the timing of IT spending as a reflection of cyclical demand from CSPs based on the timing of their procurement and deployment requirements and their ability to procure other components needed to build out data center infrastructure. Given the length of development and qualification programs and unpredictability of the sales cycle, we may be unable to accurately forecast product demand, which may result in excess inventory and associated inventory reserves or write-downs, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents We experience seasonal declines in the sales of our consumer products during the second half of our fiscal year which may adversely affect our results of operations. In several of our end markets, sales of computers, storage subsystems and consumer electronic devices tend to be seasonal, and therefore, we expect to continue to experience seasonality in our business as we respond to variations in our customers demand for our products. In particular, sales of our consumer products have in the past and may in the future be lower during the second half of our fiscal year. Retail sales of certain of our legacy markets solutions traditionally experience higher demand in the first half of our fiscal year driven by consumer spending in the back-to-school season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to winter. We experience seasonal reductions in the second half of our fiscal year in the business activities of our customers during international holidays like Lunar New Year, as well as in the summer months (particularly in Europe), which typically result in lower sales during those periods. Since our working capital needs peak during periods in which we are increasing production in anticipation of orders that have not yet been received, our results of operations will fluctuate even if the forecasted demand for our products proves accurate. Failure to anticipate consumer demand for our branded solutions may also adversely impact our future results of operations. Furthermore, it is difficult for us to evaluate the degree to which this seasonality may affect our business in future periods because of the rate and unpredictability of product transitions and new product introductions, as well as macroeconomic conditions. In particular, during periods when there are rapidly changing macroeconomic conditions, historical seasonality trends may not be a good indicator to predict our future performance and results of operations. Our worldwide sales and manufacturing operations subject us to risks that may adversely affect our business related to disruptions in international markets, currency exchange fluctuations and increased costs. We are a global company and have significant sales operations outside of the United States, including sales personnel and customer support operations. We also generate a significant portion of our revenue from sales outside the United States. Disruptions in the economic, environmental, political, legal or regulatory landscape in the countries where we operate may have a material and adverse impact on our manufacturing and sales operations. Disruptions in financial markets and the deterioration of global economic conditions have had and may continue to have an impact on our sales to customers and end-users. In addition, ongoing uncertainty in U.S. policy, including uncertainty relating to tariffs and other trade restrictions, may have an impact on our sales to customers and end-users. Prices for our products are denominated predominantly in dollars, even when sold to customers located outside the United States. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers in those markets outside of the United States. This could adversely impact our sales and market share in such areas or increase pressure to lower our prices, and adversely impact our profit margins. In addition, we have revenue and expenses denominated in currencies other than the dollar, primarily the Thai Baht, Singaporean dollar, Chinese Renminbi and British Pound Sterling, which further exposes us to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. A weakened dollar could increase the effective cost of our expenses such as payroll, utilities, tax and marketing expenses, as well as overseas capital expenditures. Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. We manage the impact of foreign currency translation risk by entering into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge our balance sheet exposures. Our hedging strategy may be ineffective, and specific hedges may expire and not be renewed or may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from currency variations. The hedging activities may not cover our full exposure, subject us to certain counterparty credit risks and may impact our results of operations. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Foreign Currency Exchange Risk of this report for additional information about our foreign currency exchange risk. In addition, certain countries in which we have operations have restrictive regulations over the movement of cash and/or foreign exchange across their borders. Similarly, Singapore may impose taxes on dividends of cash from our subsidiaries to the parent company. If we are unable to access our cash or we are required to pay taxes to repatriate such cash, our business and operations may be harmed, or we may need to seek other sources of liquidity. The shipping and transportation costs associated with our international operations are typically higher than those associated with our U.S. operations, resulting in decreased operating margins for us in some countries. Volatility in fuel costs, political instability or constraints and increases in the costs or reliability of air transportation may lead us to develop alternative shipment methods, which could disrupt our ability to receive raw materials, or ship finished products, and as a result our business and results of operations may be harmed. 21 Table of Contents We may not be able to execute acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully and we may have difficulty or fail to successfully integrate acquired companies. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire companies or businesses, divest businesses or assets, enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures, and make investments to further our business. Risks associated with these transactions have included, and may include: not fully realizing the anticipated profits or other benefits of any particular transaction in the timeframe we expected or at all due to competition, market trends, additional costs or investments, the actions of advisors, suppliers or other third parties, or other factors; certain transactions resulting in significant costs and expenses; failing to identify significant issues with the target during the due diligence process that result in significant liabilities; issuing common stock (potentially creating dilution) or incurring additional debt in order to finance a transaction, which financings may require us to accept onerous terms such as high interest rates or covenants that restrict our business; an adverse impact on our effective tax rate; acquiring a target with differing or inadequate privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity controls; and litigation. In addition, if we fail to identify and complete such transactions and successfully integrate acquired businesses that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend additional resources to develop products, services and technology internally, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. Integrations could significantly disrupt our business and the acquired business as they are often time-consuming and expensive and involve significant challenges, including successfully combining product and service offerings, entering or expanding markets, and retaining and integrating key employees, customers, distributors, facilities, technologies, and business systems, among other challenges. Furthermore, if there are future decreases in our stock price or significant changes in the business climate or results of operations of our reporting units, we may incur additional charges, including impairment charges. In the case of a divestiture, we may have difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner. We may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than we had anticipated. In addition, we may experience fewer benefits than expected, and the impact of the divestiture on our revenue growth may be larger than projected. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SUPPLY AND MANUFACTURING Shortages or delays in the receipt of, or cost increases in, critical components, equipment or raw materials necessary to manufacture our products, as well as reliance on single-source suppliers, has in the past and may in the future affect our production and development of products and harm our operating results. The cost, quality and availability of components, subassemblies, certain equipment and raw materials used to manufacture our products are critical to our success. Particularly important for our products are components such as read/write heads, substrates for recording media, ASICs, spindle motors, printed circuit boards, suspension assemblies and NAND flash memory. Certain rare earth elements are also critical in the manufacture of our products. Many of these rare earth elements are sourced from China, which accounts for a majority of the global supply and processing capacity for these materials. As a result, recent or potential future export restrictions or bans by the Chinese government, as well as any import restrictions or bans by the U.S. government, on rare earth minerals could materially and adversely impact our supply chain continuity and operating results. In addition, the equipment we use to manufacture our products and components is frequently custom made and comes from a few suppliers and the lead times required to obtain manufacturing equipment can be significant. Our efforts to control our costs, including capital expenditures, may also affect our ability to obtain or maintain such inputs and equipment, which could affect our ability to meet future demand for our products. 22 Table of Contents We rely on sole or a limited number of direct and indirect suppliers for some or all of these components and rare earth elements that we do not manufacture, including substrates for recording media, read/write heads, ASICs, preamplifiers, spindle motors, printed circuit boards, suspension assemblies and NAND flash memory. Our options in supplier selection in these cases are limited and the supplier-based technology has been and may continue to be single-sourced until wider adoption of the technology occurs and any necessary licenses become available. In light of this small, consolidated supplier base, if our suppliers increased their prices as a result of inflationary pressures, evolving trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions, or other macroeconomic conditions or changes to such conditions, and we could not pass these price increases to our customers, our operating margin would decline. Also, many of these direct and indirect component suppliers are geographically concentrated, making our supply chain more vulnerable to regional disruptions such as severe weather, local or global health issues or pandemics, acts of terrorism, war and an unpredictable geopolitical climate. Trade policy developments, including retaliatory measures by other countries, could exacerbate these risks by further restricting the availability and/or increasing the cost of critical components, dela