=== MRSH_2026-02-09.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should consider the risks described below in conjunction with the other information presented in this report. These risks have the potential to materially adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition. SUMMARY RISK FACTORS Some of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, include the following: • Our results of operations and investments could be adversely affected by geopolitical or macroeconomic conditions; • We are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims; • We cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable U.S. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business; • O ur business or reputation could be harmed by our reliance on third-party providers or introducers; • We may not be able to effectively identify and manage actual and apparent conflicts of interest; • We could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or Company data or information systems; • The costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, (CCPA), Australia's CPS 234, as well as emerging AI-related laws such as the EU's AI Act, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation; • Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change such as AI; • The loss of members of our senior management team or other key colleagues, or if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to attract, retain and develop talent, could have a material adverse effect on our business; • Failure to maintain our corporate culture could adversely affect our business and reputation; • Increasing scrutiny and changing laws and expectations from regulators, investors, clients and our colleagues with respect to our business responsibility practices and disclosure may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks; • We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve; • We rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. These vendors and third parties may act or fail to act in ways that could harm our business; • Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability; • We face risks when we acquire or dispose of businesses; • If we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected; • We may not be able to obtain sufficient financing on favorable terms; • Our defined benefit pension plan obligations could cause the Company's financial position, earnings and cash flows to fluctuate; 9 • Our significant non-U.S. operations expose us to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks that could impact our business; • Our quarterly revenues and profitability may fluctuate significantly; • Credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs and could subject us to operational risk; • Our current debt level could adversely affect our financial flexibility; • The current U.S. tax regime has provisions which have unintended consequences and may also impact our tax rate in varying degrees based on where our global income is earned; • We may not be able to fully realize the benefits of our Thrive program and Business Client Services; • We are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations; • Results in our Risk and Insurance Services segment may be adversely affected by a general decline in economic activity; • Volatility or declines in premiums and other market trends may significantly impede our ability to grow revenues and profitability; • Adverse legal developments and future regulations concerning how intermediaries are compensated by insurers or clients, as well as allegations of anti-competitive behavior or conflicts of interest, could have a material adverse effect on Marsh Risk’s business, results of operations and financial condition; • Mercer’s Wealth business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to public and private capital market fluctuations, third-party asset managers and custodians, operations and technology risks, trading and execution risks, conflicts of interest, sustainability and greenwashing, asset performance and regulatory compliance, that, if realized, could result in significant damage to our business; • Our businesses are subject to a number of risks related to the U.S. healthcare industry, including risks related to healthcare regulation and reputational damage from negative publicity; • Revenues for the services provided by our Consulting segment may decline for various reasons, including as a result of changes in economic conditions, the value of equity, debt and other asset classes, our clients’ or an industry's financial condition or government regulation or an accelerated trend away from actively managed investments to passively managed investments; • Factors affecting defined benefit pension plans and the services we provide relating to those plans could adversely affect Mercer; and • The profitability of our Consulting segment may decline if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and pricing rates for our consultants. RISKS RELATING TO THE COMPANY GENERALLY Macroeconomic Risks Our results of operations and investments could be adversely affected by geopolitical or macroeconomic conditions. Geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions, including from multiple major wars and global conflicts, social unrest, tariffs or changes in trade policies, slower GDP growth or recession, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, lower interest rates, capital markets volatility, inflation and changes in insurance premium rates affect our clients' businesses and the markets they serve. These conditions, including inflationary expense pressure with our clients, may reduce demand for our services or depress pricing for those services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. For example, the war in Ukraine, the conflict throughout the Middle East, including heightened regional instability and tensions involving Iran, and recent developments in Latin America, have resulted in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty and may negatively impact other regional and global economic markets (including Europe, the Middle East, Latin America and the U.S.), companies in other countries and various sectors, industries and markets for securities and commodities globally, such as oil and natural gas, and may increase financial market volatility and adversely impact regional and global economic markets, industries and companies. 10 Changes in macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions could also shift demand to services for which we do not have a competitive advantage, and this could negatively affect the amount of business that we are able to obtain. More generally, our investments, including our minority investments in other companies as well as our cash investments and those held in a fiduciary capacity, are subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, foreign exchange, market and interest rate risks. For example, fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our results of operations. Lower interest rates have led to a decline in our fiduciary income. These risks may be exacerbated by global macroeconomic conditions, market volatility and regulatory, financial and other difficulties affecting the companies in which we have invested or that may be faced by financial institution counterparties. During times of stress in the banking industry, counterparty risk can quickly escalate, potentially resulting in substantial trading and investment losses for corporate and other investors. In addition, we may incur investment losses as a result of unusual and unpredictable market developments, and we may experience lower earnings if the yields on investments begin to decline. If the banking system or the fixed income, interest rate, credit or equity markets deteriorate, the value and liquidity of our investments could be adversely affected. Finally, the value of the Company's assets held in other jurisdictions, including cash holdings, may decline due to foreign exchange fluctuations. Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims. Our businesses provide numerous professional services, including the placement of insurance and the provision of consulting, investment advisory, investment management and actuarial services to clients around the world. As a result, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to a significant number of errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of contract and similar claims, which we refer to collectively as "E&O claims." In our Risk and Insurance Services segment, such claims include allegations of damages arising from our failure to assess clients’ risks, advise clients, place coverage, or notify insurers of potential claims on behalf of clients in accordance with our obligations to them. For example, these claims could include allegations related to losses from cyberattacks associated with policies where cyber risk was not specifically included or excluded in policies, commonly referred to as "silent cyber." In our Consulting segment, where we may act in a fiduciary capacity through our investments business, such claims could include allegations of damages arising from the provision of consulting, investment management (including, for example, from trading execution or other operational errors), actuarial, pension administration and other services. We may also be exposed to claims related to services or solutions offered by the Consulting segment in addition to consulting services. These Consulting segment services frequently involve complex calculations and services, including (i) making assumptions about, and preparing estimates concerning, contingent future events, (ii) drafting and interpreting complex documentation governing pension plans, (iii) calculating benefits within complex pension structures, (iv) providing individual financial planning advice including investment advice and advice relating to cashing out of defined benefit pension plans, (v) providing investment advice, including guidance on asset allocation and investment strategy, and (vi) managing client assets, including the selection of investment managers and implementation of a client’s investment policy and strategies. We provide these services to a broad client base, including clients in the public sector. Matters may relate to services provided by the Company dating back many years. Such claims may subject us to significant liability for monetary damages, including punitive and treble damages, negative publicity and reputational harm, and may divert personnel and management resources. We may be unable to effectively limit our potential liability in certain jurisdictions, including through insurance, or in connection with certain types of claims, particularly those concerning claims of a breach of fiduciary duty. In establishing liabilities for E&O claims in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"), the Company uses case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, actuarial analysis by Oliver Wyman, a subsidiary of the Company, and other methods to estimate potential losses. A liability is established when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. The liability is assessed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. In many cases, the Company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend a claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. Given the judgment involved in estimating and establishing such liabilities, as well as the unpredictability of E&O claims and the litigation that can flow from them, it is possible that an adverse 11 outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition. We cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable U.S. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our activities are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the U.S. and its various states, the United Kingdom, the European Union and its member states, Australia and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. We are also subject to trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as Afghanistan, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Syria, Ukraine (Russia-controlled territories) and Venezuela, and anti-corruption laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. We are subject to numerous other laws on matters as diverse as internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, securities regulation, data privacy and protection, cybersecurity, taxation, anti-trust and competition, anti-money laundering, immigration, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations. The U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to our operations are complex and may change rapidly, and our efforts to comply and keep up with them require significant resources. In some cases, these laws and regulations may decrease the need for our services, increase our costs, negatively impact our revenues or impose operational limitations on our business, including on the products and services we may offer or on the amount or type of compensation we may collect. In particular, the financial and operational impact of complying with laws and regulations has increased in the current global environment of increased regulatory activity and enforcement. Changes or uncertainty with respect to the applicable laws and regulations may impose additional and unforeseen costs on us or pose new or previously immaterial risks to us. There can be no assurance that current and future government regulations will not adversely affect our business, and we cannot predict new regulatory priorities, the form, content or timing of regulatory actions, and their impact on our business and operations. In addition, geopolitical conflict, such as the war in Ukraine and the conflict throughout the Middle East, has resulted in, and may continue to result in, new and rapidly evolving trade sanctions, which may increase our costs, negatively impact our revenues or impose additional operational limitations on our businesses. Changes to tax laws, trade agreements, tariffs, labor policies, or environmental standards could also result in increased costs or operational changes. While we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we, our colleagues, our consultants and our contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations or interpretations at all times, or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. If we fail to comply or are accused of failing to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those referred to above, or new and evolving regulations regarding cybersecurity, AI or sustainability matters, we may become subject to investigations, criminal penalties, civil remedies or other consequences, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to clients or other parties, and we may become exposed to negative publicity or reputational damage. Moreover, our failure to comply with laws or regulations in one jurisdiction may result in increased regulatory scrutiny by other regulatory agencies in that jurisdiction or regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions. These inquiries consume significant management attention, and the cost of compliance and the consequences of failing to be in compliance could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business. In most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret and amend or repeal applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew and revoke the various licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. Such authorities may require the Company to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. In some areas of our businesses, we act on the basis of our own or the industry's interpretations of applicable laws or regulations, which may conflict from state to state or country to country. In the event those interpretations eventually prove different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities, we may be penalized or precluded from carrying on our previous activities. Moreover, the laws and regulations to which we are subject may conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we operate, which increases the likelihood of our businesses being non-compliant in one or more jurisdictions. In addition, we may be responsible for the legal and regulatory liabilities of companies that we acquire. 12 Additional information regarding certain ongoing investigations and certain other legal and regulatory proceedings is set forth in Note 16, Claims, Lawsuits and Other Contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this report. Our business or reputation could be harmed by our reliance on third-party providers or introducers. We currently utilize the services of hundreds of third-party providers to meet the needs of our clients around the world. There is a risk that our third-party providers or introducers engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies or violate applicable laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act. We may not be able to effectively identify and manage actual and apparent conflicts of interest. Given the significant volume of our engagements, potential conflicts of interest may arise across our businesses. There is a risk that we may not effectively identify and manage potential conflicts of interest, including but not limited to where our services to a client conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another client or our own interests, where we receive revenue or benefits from third-parties with whom we conduct business (including but not limited to insurers, investment managers and vendors) and where our colleagues have personal interests. Cybersecurity, Data Protection and Technology Risks We could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or Company data or information systems. In operating our business and providing services and solutions to clients, we collect, use, store, transmit and otherwise process certain electronic information, including personal, confidential, proprietary and sensitive data such as financial records, health care, mergers and acquisitions and personal data of our clients, colleagues and vendors. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. In the normal course of business, we also share electronic information with our vendors and other third parties, which in some cases is critical to our ability to deliver services to our clients. This electronic information comprises sensitive and confidential data, including information related to financial records, health care, mergers and acquisitions and clients’ personal data. Our information technology systems and information security control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, as well as the control systems of critical infrastructure they rely on, such as power grids, and undersea cables, are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including software bugs, physical attack, cyberattacks, computer viruses and other malware, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, social engineering attacks (including phishing, business e-mail compromise and digital or telephonic impersonation), hacking theft, denial-of-service attacks and other types of data and systems-related modes of attack. The techniques used to achieve such unauthorized access, damage or interruption change frequently and new techniques may not be identified until they are launched against a target, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative or remedial measures, resulting in potential data loss, data unavailability, data corruption or other damage to information technology systems. In addition, remote and hybrid work arrangements have increased the risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, unauthorized dissemination of personal, confidential, proprietary or sensitive data, and unauthorized access to company computing assets. Further, a disruption of physical infrastructure could impact our ability to conduct business and service clients. This may include deliberate or unintentional disruption of service to electrical systems, satellite communications, undersea or terrestrial cable systems, Internet services, or other systems our colleagues or third parties rely on us to conduct business in a multitude of jurisdictions across the globe. Disruptions may be the result of weather, natural disaster, war, terrorism, pandemic, or other natural or geopolitical events. Our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as fraud, mistakes, misconduct or other improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. Moreover, we face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment. The latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner, and even if detected, there can be no assurance that we can mitigate or remediate such compromise in an adequate or timely manner. We could experience significant financial and reputational harm if our information systems are breached, sensitive client or Company data are compromised, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time or maliciously made public, or if we fail to make adequate or timely disclosures to the public, 13 law enforcement agencies or regulators following any such event, whether due to delayed discovery or a failure to follow existing protocols. Moreover, a successful cyberattack targeting our financial reporting systems or related services and infrastructure could disrupt our ability to accurately prepare, finalize, and disclose our financial results in a timely manner. Cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature. We are at risk of attack by a variety of adversaries, including nation states, state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic attacks, and organized crime and hackers, through use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, including the deployment of AI to find and exploit vulnerabilities, "deep fakes", long-term, persistent attacks (referred to as advanced persistent threats) and the use of the IT supply chain to introduce malware through software updates or compromised suppliers accounts or hardware. In particular, the advance of AI and large language models has given rise to additional vulnerabilities and potential entry points for cyber threats. With generative AI, threat actors may have additional tools to automate breaches or persistent attacks, evade detection, or generate sophisticated phishing emails or other forms of digital impersonation, doing so quickly and without requiring deep technical understanding of potential exploits. Attackers may develop AI agents to fully automate the attack cycle, which could discover new and unexploited applications and dynamically create ways to exploit these weaknesses faster than security tools can adapt to and detect these new attack methods. In addition, increasing use of generative AI models, including new capabilities offered through Model Context Protocol (MCP) Servers, in our internal systems may create new attack methods for adversaries. Because generative AI is a constantly evolving field, understanding of cybersecurity risks and protection methods continues to develop, and features that rely on generative AI, including in services provided to us by third parties, may be susceptible to unanticipated cybersecurity threats from sophisticated adversaries and other cybersecurity incidents. Further, we are at increased risk of a cyberattack during periods of heightened geopolitical conflict, such as the war in Ukraine and the conflict throughout the Middle East, as diplomatic events and economic policies may trigger espionage or retaliatory cyber incidents. Additionally, nation states may deploy threat actors masquerading as potential candidates for hire at target companies to perform corporate espionage or execute internal cyber threat activities. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable cybersecurity requirements and mitigate risks of cybersecurity threats, we cannot be certain that our security measures will definitively prevent, contain, detect, or remediate all cybersecurity threats or incidents or other instructions from malware currently in existence or developed in the future. As the breadth and complexity of the technologies we use and the software and platforms we develop continue to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile devices, cloud services, "open source" software, social media tools and the increased reliance on devices connected to the Internet (known as the "Internet of Things"), the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks also increases. Despite ongoing efforts to improve our ability to protect data from compromise, we may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems. Our efforts to improve and protect data from compromise may also identify previously undiscovered instances of security breaches or other cyber incidents. Our policies, employee training (including phishing prevention training), procedures and technical safeguards may also be insufficient to prevent, detect or remediate improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information. In addition, the competition for talent in the data privacy and cybersecurity space is intense, and we may also be unable to hire, develop or retain suitable talent capable of adequately detecting, mitigating or remediating these risks. Our increasing reliance on software-as-a-service ("SaaS") cloud solutions and other cloud-based vendors to support critical business operations also exposes us to risks associated with the availability, security, and resilience of these third-party platforms. These arrangements create dependencies on the vendors’ ability to maintain continuous service and protect against outages, disruptions or cyber incidents and on the sufficiency of their security controls and incident response. In addition, managing and integrating multiple cloud environments with our internal systems increases the risk of configuration errors or vulnerabilities that could be exploited. Should an attacker gain access to our network using compromised credentials of an authorized user, we are at risk that the attacker might successfully leverage that access to compromise additional systems and data. Certain measures that could increase the security of our systems, such as data encryption (including encryption of data at rest), heightened monitoring and logging, scanning for source code errors or deployment of multi-factor authentication, take significant time and resources to deploy broadly, and such measures may not be deployed in a timely manner or be effective against an attack. The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business. 14 Our information systems must be continually updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities. The volume of new software and infrastructure vulnerabilities continues to increase markedly, as has the criticality of patches and other mitigation and remedial measures. In addition to mitigating and remedia

=== MRSH_2026-04-16.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. If any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K or such other risks actually occur, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities For the three months ended March 31, 2026, the Company repurchased 4.2 million shares of its common stock for $750 million. At March 31, 2026, the Company remained authorized to repurchase up to approximately $4.9 billion in shares of its common stock. There is no time limit on the authorization. Period (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1 - 31, 2026 820,037 $ 182.9185 820,037 $ 5,525,345,373 February 1 - 28, 2026 1,852,282 $ 178.9176 1,852,282 $ 5,193,939,578 March 1 - 31, 2026 1,519,498 $ 176.7646 1,519,498 $ 4,925,346,151 Total 4,191,817 $ 178.9198 4,191,817 $ 4,925,346,151 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. Not Applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None . Item 6. Exhibits. See the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 54 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Date: April 16, 2026 /s/ Mark C. McGivney Mark C. McGivney Chief Financial Officer Date: April 16, 2026 /s/ Stacy M. Mills Stacy M. Mills Vice President & Controller (Chief Accounting Officer) 55 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Exhibit Name 4.1 Twenty-first Supplemental Indenture, dated December 13, 2024, between Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. and the Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 10-K dated February 10, 2025) 10.1 Letter Agreement Amendment, dated February 24, 2026, between Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. and John Q. Doyle 10.2 Letter Agreement Amendment, dated February 24, 2026, between Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. and Mark C. McGivney 10.3 Letter Agreement Amendment, dated March 6, 2026, between Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. and Martin South 10.4 Letter Agreement Amendment, dated February 24, 2026, between Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. and Dean M. Klisura 10.5 Letter Agreement Amendment, dated February 24, 2026, between Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. and Patrick Tomlinson 10.6 Form of Stock Option Award, dated as of February 24, 2026, under the Amended and Restated Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 2020 Incentive and Stock Award Plan 10.7 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award, dated as of February 24, 2026, under the Amended and Restated Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 2020 Incentive and Stock Award Plan 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award, dated as of February 24, 2026, under the Amended and Restated Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 2020 Incentive and Stock Award Plan 10.9 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award, with grant dates from March 1, 2026 through February 1, 2027, under the Amended and Restated Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 2020 Incentive and Stock Award Plan – Cliff Vesting 10. 10 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award, with grant dates from March 1, 2026 through February 1, 2027, under the Amended and Restated Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 2020 Incentive and Stock Award Plan – Ratable Vesting 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 56 