=== MRSH_2026-02-09.htm.gz ===
Item 1A ("Risk Factors" below for a discussion of how actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation may have an adverse effect on our businesses and for more information about the laws and regulations related to data privacy, data protection, cybersecurity and AI and the associated risks to our businesses. Risk and Insurance Services . All U.S. states and most foreign jurisdictions require insurance market intermediaries and related service providers (such as insurance brokers, agents and consultants, reinsurance brokers and managing general agents) to hold an individual or company license from a government agency or self-regulatory organization. Some jurisdictions issue licenses only to individual residents or locally owned business entities; in those instances, the Company may maintain arrangements with residents or business entities licensed to act in such jurisdiction. Such arrangements are subject to an internal review and approval process. Licensing of reinsurance intermediaries is generally less rigorous compared to that of insurance brokers, and most jurisdictions require only corporate reinsurance intermediary licenses. 3 Our business is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") in the U.K. The FCA licenses insurance and reinsurance intermediaries and evaluates related criteria such as professional competence, financial capacity and professional indemnity insurance requirements, as well as the broking of premium finance to consumers. It enforces prohibitions on anti-competitive behavior in financial services. Insurance authorities in the U.S. and certain other jurisdictions, including the FCA in the U.K., have also enacted laws and regulations governing the investment of funds, such as premiums and claims proceeds, held in a fiduciary capacity for others. These laws and regulations provide for the segregation of these fiduciary funds and limit the types of investments that may be made with them; they generally apply to both the insurance and reinsurance business. Other regulatory bodies, such as investment, securities, and futures licensing authorities, govern certain of the Company's Risk and Insurance services activities. MMC Securities LLC is a SEC registered broker-dealer and introducing broker used by Marsh Risk and Guy Carpenter in the U.S., primarily in connection with capital markets and other investment banking-related services relating to insurance-linked and alternative risk financing transactions. It is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"), the National Futures Association and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation ("SIPC ). MMA Securities LLC is a SEC-registered broker-dealer and investment adviser used by Marsh Risk in the U.S. that provides investment advisory and consulting services to employee-sponsored retirement plans. It is a member of FINRA, SIPC and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board ("MSRB"). MMA Asset Management LLC is a SEC-registered investment advisor used primarily in connection with retirement and wealth management. Precept Advisory Group LLC is a SEC-registered investment advisor providing investment advisory and consulting services to employee-sponsored retirement plans. MMC Securities Limited is authorized and regulated by the FCA to provide advice on securities and investments in the U.K. MMC Securities (Ireland) Limited is authorized and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland and used by Guy Carpenter to place certain securities and investments in the European Economic Area. MMC Securities LLC, MMC Securities Limited, MMC Securities (Ireland) Limited, MMA Securities LLC, Precept Advisory Group LLC and MMA Asset Management LLC are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Marsh McLennan Companies, Inc. MMA's health brokerage and consulting business and wealth and retirement business are subject to the similar regulatory regimes for Mercer's Health and Investments business, as described in more detail below. Consulting . Mercer's retirement consulting and investment services are subject to pension law and financial regulation. In certain countries, Mercer relies on licensed colleagues or registered legal entities to engage in these services or uses other Marsh entities or third parties. Mercer s trustee services, investment services (including advice to persons, institutions and other entities on the investment of pension assets and assumption of discretionary investment management responsibilities) and retirement and employee benefit program administrative services provided by Mercer and its subsidiaries and affiliates may be subject to investment and securities regulations, including (but not limited to) regulations imposed or enforced by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the U.S. Department of Labor, the Ontario Securities Commission, the FCA, the Central Bank of Ireland, the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Mercer Investments LLC is a registered investment advisor which consolidates the activities of Mercer s affiliated investment adviser entities in the U.S. Mercer Trust Company is a limited-purpose New Hampshire chartered trust bank that provides services for certain clients of Mercer s investment management business in the U.S. Mercer s benefits insurance consulting and brokerage services are subject to the same licensing requirements and regulatory oversight as the insurance market intermediaries described above regarding our Risk and Insurance businesses. Depending on the client and services rendered, Mercer may also be subject to direct oversight by the Department of Health and Human Services and other federal agencies in the U.S. Mercer 4 provides annuity buy-out advice that is subject to regulations (for example, in the U.S., state insurance licensing regulations and ERISA). Mercer uses the services of MMC Securities LLC to provide certain services, including executive benefit and compensation services and securities dealing services. FATCA . Regulations promulgated by the U.S. Treasury Department pursuant to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and related legislation (FATCA) require the Company to take various measures relating to non-U.S. funds, transactions and accounts. The regulations impose certain client financial account obligations on Mercer and MMA relating to non-U.S. financial institution and insurance clients. COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS The Company faces intense competition across all its businesses, from providers of similar services to competition from third parties in identifying acquisition targets. Competition is based on service sophistication, range, quality, and cost. Attracting and retaining qualified colleagues is also highly competitive and competition for talent continues to intensify. The landscape varies across geographies, industries, and market segments, as detailed in "Risks Relating to the Company Generally Competitive Risks" in Part I, Item 1A. In insurance and reinsurance, the Company encounters strong competition from other insurance and reinsurance brokerage firms operating on a global, regional, national or local scale, from independent insurance and reinsurance companies that market, distribute and service their products without the assistance of brokers and from other businesses, including commercial and investment banks, consultants, and online platforms, to traditional insurance brokerage services. The entry of third-party capital providers and clients opting for self-insurance or direct coverage further intensifies competition. Certain insureds and groups of insureds have established programs of self-insurance as a supplement or alternative to purchasing traditional third-party insurance placements. Certain insureds also obtain coverage directly from insurance providers. Managing general agents, affinity programs, and private client services also compete with the Company's offerings. The consulting business faces competition from global, regional and local firms, including independent consulting, broking and outsourcing firms affiliated with accounting, technology and financial services and new entrants utilizing generative AI. Mercer s Health division competes with insurers and non-traditional entrants, such as consumer businesses and digital consultancies. Its investment services face competition from investment consulting firms, asset managers, and financial institutions, with some clients choosing to manage services provided by Mercer and Marsh Management Consulting internally. Segmentation of Activity by Type of Service and Geographic Area of Operation. Financial information relating to the types of services provided by the Company and the geographic areas of its operations is incorporated herein by reference to Note 17, Segment Information, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this report. HUMAN CAPITAL We believe the health of our business relies on the strength of our workforce, embodied by our Colleague Value Proposition: You can be your best here. This statement captures the unique experience offered to our current and prospective colleagues, drawing inspiration from the voices of our own colleagues. It is embodied in our key pillars: Impact, Leadership, Culture, Career, and Rewards, all of which support our shared purpose: "We build the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective." Our People. As of December 31, 2025, the Co mpany and its consolidated subsidiaries employed more than 95,000 colleagues worldwide, including approximately 55,700 in Risk and Insurance Services and 29,100 in Consulting. People Leadership and Governance. The Chief People Officer leads our people strategy, focusing on talent attraction, development and engagement. This includes attracting, recruiting, hiring, developing and engaging talent and designing colleague total rewards programs. The Chief People Officer also leads our approach to inclusion. Our Business Responsibility Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors have oversight responsibility for various aspects of the Company s human capital management and are regularly updated by the Chief People Officer. Talent Culture . Our Company s greatest strength is the collective talent of our people. We support talent development through regular discussions, career development workshops, Global Learning Day events and our AI Academies to enable all colleagues to advance their skills. Since the launch of our AI Academy in August 2024, 5 more than 46,000 colleagues have received their AI Academy credentials. In July 2025, we also launched the leadership Mindset Academy, with nearly 15,000 colleagues having completed the program with the aim of enhancing their leadership skills at every stage of their career. We also delivered more than 400 in-person and virtual workshops, aimed at strengthening professional and client skills, people management and leadership capabilities. Our two Global Learning Days brought more than 100 learning experiences to approximately 20,000 attendees across the organization. Since 2011, we have conducted annual colleague surveys to gauge satisfaction and identify areas for improvement. In 2025, we aligned the question set to our Colleague Value Proposition and expanded people manager access to the survey results. Health and Well-being . We are committed to a comprehensive colleague value proposition that places colleagues health, well-being and work-life balance at its center. Our program provides market-competitive medical and core health coverage, supported by time-off policies aligned with best practices, including an annual paid volunteer day to foster community engagement. Colleagues have access to personalized mental-health resources and 24/7 confidential counseling, ensuring timely and confidential support. In addition, our critical-incident response capability delivers coordinated, rapid assistance to colleagues affected by emergencies or disasters, with regional support tailored to local needs. Total Rewards . We offer our colleagues rewards designed to be competitive in the market, attract and retain highly talented individuals, and recognize their performance and contributions. Base pay is one component. We further encourage performance that aligns with the Company s interests by awarding discretionary incentives to eligible colleagues. These incentives, including annual bonuses, sales incentives and long-term incentives, are awarded to colleagues who have a significant impact on our success. Our total rewards also include health and retirement benefits, as well as savings and stock investment plans in most jurisdictions. 6 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY The executive officers of the Company are appointed annually by the Board of Directors. As of February 9, 2026 the executive officers are: Paul Beswick , age 51, is Senior Vice President and Global Chief Information and Operations Officer (CIOO) of Marsh. As CIOO, Mr. Beswick leads the Business and Client Services team and oversees Marsh's global Operations and Technology teams. Prior to assuming this expanded role in January 2025, Mr. Beswick served as Chief Information Officer from 2021 to 2025. He was previously a Partner and Global Head of Oliver Wyman Labs and the Digital Practice at Oliver Wyman where he worked in various sectors, including financial services, retail, transportation, telecoms, and consumer goods. Before this, Mr. Beswick headed Oliver Wyman's North American Retail Practice. Katherine J. Brennan , age 47, is Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Marsh. In this role, she leads Marsh s global legal, compliance and public affairs function, as well as its sustainability efforts. Ms. Brennan has held several legal and compliance leadership roles at the Company, serving most recently as General Counsel of Marsh Risk from 2021 to 2022. She also served as Deputy General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer for Marsh from 2017 to 2021, and prior to that, as General Counsel of Guy Carpenter. Ms. Brennan currently serves on the Board of the Red Cross of Greater New York. John Q. Doyle , age 62, is President and Chief Executive Officer of Marsh. Previously, from 2021 to 2022, he served as Group President and Chief Operating Officer, responsible for the strategy and operational objectives of the Company s four global businesses. He joined in 2016 as President of Marsh Risk, which he subsequently led as President and CEO from 2017 to 2021. Mr. Doyle has 40 years of leadership experience in professional and financial services. He began his career at AIG, where he held several executive-level positions. Mr. Doyle serves as the Chairman of the United States Treasury s Federal Advisory Committee on Insurance, as a member of the Business Roundtable, on the Board of Directors of the Partnership for New York City and on the Board of Overseers of the Maurice R. Greenberg School of Risk Management, Insurance and Actuarial Science at St. John s University. He is a Trustee of the Inner-City Scholarship Fund, and a member of the Board of the New York Police and Fire Widows and Children s Benefit Fund. Carmen Fernandez , age 52, is Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer for Marsh. Prior to her appointment as Chief People Officer in January 2021, Ms. Fernandez held positions within the Company for 15 years, most recently Deputy CHRO, CHRO of Guy Carpenter, and HR leadership roles at Mercer, including North America HR Leader, Global HR Leader for the Career business and Chief of Staff in the Office of the CEO. Before joining Marsh, Ms. Fernandez worked in investment banking at Goldman Sachs and Bank of America. She began her career as a consultant with PricewaterhouseCoopers. John Jones , age 54, is Chief Marketing and Communications Officer of Marsh. Previously, he served as Chief Marketing and Communications Officer of Marsh Risk from 2018 to 2022. Mr. Jones joined the firm in 2016 as Senior Vice President of Business Planning, leading strategic planning and global growth initiatives. Prior to that, Mr. Jones was senior vice president of commercial marketing and strategy for AIG and has more than 25 years of marketing, communications and strategy experience. Dean Klisura , age 62, is President and Chief Executive Officer of Guy Carpenter, and serves as Vice Chair of Marsh. Prior to assuming this role in January 2022, he was President of Guy Carpenter, overseeing the North America, International, Specialty and Global Analytics Advisory business units. Previously, Mr. Klisura was President of Marsh Risk Global Placement and Advisory Services, leading property and casualty placement activities globally, as well as leading Bowring Marsh, the Insurer Consulting Group, and Marsh Risk Consulting. He joined Marsh Risk in 1993 and held several key global leadership roles, including President of Global Specialties. Mark McGivney , age 58, is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Marsh. Prior to assuming this role in January 2016, Mr. McGivney held several senior financial management positions since joining the Company in 2007. Most recently, he was Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance of Marsh, and was responsible for leading and directing the Company s Corporate Development, Treasury and Investor Relations functions from 2014 to 2016. Prior to that, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Marsh Risk, and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Mercer. His experience prior to joining Marsh included senior finance positions at The Hanover Insurance Group as well as positions at Merrill Lynch and PricewaterhouseCoopers. 7 Martin South , age 61, is President and Chief Executive Officer of Marsh Risk. He assumed his current role in January 2022 and oversees all of Marsh Risk s businesses and operations globally. He also serves as Vice Chair of Marsh. Mr. South joined the Company for the first time in 1985 with Bowring Marsh. His industry experience includes senior leadership roles at Zurich Financial Services, where he was a member of the Group Management Board, responsible for all of Zurich s operations outside of North America and Europe, and CEO of Zurich s London operations. Since rejoining the Company in 2007, Mr. South has served as CEO of Marsh Risk s Asia-Pacific region, CEO of Marsh Risk U.K. and Ireland, CEO of Marsh Europe and CEO of Marsh Risk U.S. and Canada. Nicholas Studer , age 52, is Chief Executive Officer of Marsh Management Consulting and Vice Chair of Marsh. He assumed his current role in July 2021. Mr. Studer was the Managing Partner of the Consumer, Industrial and Services Practice Group from 2017 to 2021, before becoming Managing Partner of Oliver Wyman in 2021. He has held many senior positions at Oliver Wyman, including Managing Partner of the Financial Services Practice Group, Head of the European Finance and Risk Practice and Global Head of the Corporate and Institutional Banking practice. He has over 25 years of consulting experience in the U.K., Continental Europe, and North America. Mr. Studer was a founding Director of TheCityUK, a founding advisory board member of the FICC Markets Standards Board and was a member of the Sustainable Markets Initiative. Pat Tomlinson , age 55, is President and Chief Executive Officer of Mercer and Vice Chair of Marsh, a position he assumed in April 2024. He also serves as CEO of Marsh U.S. and Canada, with responsibility for leading across businesses to address clients increasingly interconnected risk, strategy and people challenges. From 2020 to 2024, Mr. Tomlinson was Mercer's President of U.S. and Canada. Prior to that, he served a business leader in Mercer's U.S. and Canada region, leading the U.S. East Market from 2017 to 2020 and leading the U.S. and Canada Career business from 2014 to 2017. Prior to joining Mercer in 2014, he spent 17 years with Aon and served as an officer in the U.S. Army. The Company is subject to the information reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In accordance with the Exchange Act, the Company files with, or furnishes to, the SEC its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy statement for its annual shareholders' meeting. The Company makes these reports and any amendments to these reports available free of charge through its website, www.corporate.marsh.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, like the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. The Company also posts certain governance and other information for investors on its website. The Company encourages investors to visit these websites from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. Website references in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the websites. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report. 8 Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should consider the risks described below in conjunction with the other information presented in this report. These risks have the potential to materially adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition. SUMMARY RISK FACTORS Some of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, include the following: Our results of operations and investments could be adversely affected by geopolitical or macroeconomic conditions; We are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims; We cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable U.S. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business; O ur business or reputation could be harmed by our reliance on third-party providers or introducers; We may not be able to effectively identify and manage actual and apparent conflicts of interest; We could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or Company data or information systems; The costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, (CCPA), Australia's CPS 234, as well as emerging AI-related laws such as the EU's AI Act, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation; Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change such as AI; The loss of members of our senior management team or other key colleagues, or if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to attract, retain and develop talent, could have a material adverse effect on our business; Failure to maintain our corporate culture could adversely affect our business and reputation; Increasing scrutiny and changing laws and expectations from regulators, investors, clients and our colleagues with respect to our business responsibility practices and disclosure may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks; We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve; We rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. These vendors and third parties may act or fail to act in ways that could harm our business; Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability; We face risks when we acquire or dispose of businesses; If we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected; We may not be able to obtain sufficient financing on favorable terms; Our defined benefit pension plan obligations could cause the Company's financial position, earnings and cash flows to fluctuate; 9 Our significant non-U.S. operations expose us to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks that could impact our business; Our quarterly revenues and profitability may fluctuate significantly; Credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs and could subject us to operational risk; Our current debt level could adversely affect our financial flexibility; The current U.S. tax regime has provisions which have unintended consequences and may also impact our tax rate in varying degrees based on where our global income is earned; We may not be able to fully realize the benefits of our Thrive program and Business Client Services; We are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations; Results in our Risk and Insurance Services segment may be adversely affected by a general decline in economic activity; Volatility or declines in premiums and other market trends may significantly impede our ability to grow revenues and profitability; Adverse legal developments and future regulations concerning how intermediaries are compensated by insurers or clients, as well as allegations of anti-competitive behavior or conflicts of interest, could have a material adverse effect on Marsh Risk s business, results of operations and financial condition; Mercer s Wealth business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to public and private capital market fluctuations, third-party asset managers and custodians, operations and technology risks, trading and execution risks, conflicts of interest, sustainability and greenwashing, asset performance and regulatory compliance, that, if realized, could result in significant damage to our business; Our businesses are subject to a number of risks related to the U.S. healthcare industry, including risks related to healthcare regulation and reputational damage from negative publicity; Revenues for the services provided by our Consulting segment may decline for various reasons, including as a result of changes in economic conditions, the value of equity, debt and other asset classes, our clients or an industry's financial condition or government regulation or an accelerated trend away from actively managed investments to passively managed investments; Factors affecting defined benefit pension plans and the services we provide relating to those plans could adversely affect Mercer; and The profitability of our Consulting segment may decline if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and pricing rates for our consultants. RISKS RELATING TO THE COMPANY GENERALLY Macroeconomic Risks Our results of operations and investments could be adversely affected by geopolitical or macroeconomic conditions. Geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions, including from multiple major wars and global conflicts, social unrest, tariffs or changes in trade policies, slower GDP growth or recession, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, lower interest rates, capital markets volatility, inflation and changes in insurance premium rates affect our clients' businesses and the markets they serve. These conditions, including inflationary expense pressure with our clients, may reduce demand for our services or depress pricing for those services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. For example, the war in Ukraine, the conflict throughout the Middle East, including heightened regional instability and tensions involving Iran, and recent developments in Latin America, have resulted in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty and may negatively impact other regional and global economic markets (including Europe, the Middle East, Latin America and the U.S.), companies in other countries and various sectors, industries and markets for securities and commodities globally, such as oil and natural gas, and may increase financial market volatility and adversely impact regional and global economic markets, industries and companies. 10 Changes in macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions could also shift demand to services for which we do not have a competitive advantage, and this could negatively affect the amount of business that we are able to obtain. More generally, our investments, including our minority investments in other companies as well as our cash investments and those held in a fiduciary capacity, are subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, foreign exchange, market and interest rate risks. For example, fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our results of operations. Lower interest rates have led to a decline in our fiduciary income. These risks may be exacerbated by global macroeconomic conditions, market volatility and regulatory, financial and other difficulties affecting the companies in which we have invested or that may be faced by financial institution counterparties. During times of stress in the banking industry, counterparty risk can quickly escalate, potentially resulting in substantial trading and investment losses for corporate and other investors. In addition, we may incur investment losses as a result of unusual and unpredictable market developments, and we may experience lower earnings if the yields on investments begin to decline. If the banking system or the fixed income, interest rate, credit or equity markets deteriorate, the value and liquidity of our investments could be adversely affected. Finally, the value of the Company's assets held in other jurisdictions, including cash holdings, may decline due to foreign exchange fluctuations. Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims. Our businesses provide numerous professional services, including the placement of insurance and the provision of consulting, investment advisory, investment management and actuarial services to clients around the world. As a result, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to a significant number of errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of contract and similar claims, which we refer to collectively as "E O claims." In our Risk and Insurance Services segment, such claims include allegations of damages arising from our failure to assess clients risks, advise clients, place coverage, or notify insurers of potential claims on behalf of clients in accordance with our obligations to them. For example, these claims could include allegations related to losses from cyberattacks associated with policies where cyber risk was not specifically included or excluded in policies, commonly referred to as "silent cyber." In our Consulting segment, where we may act in a fiduciary capacity through our investments business, such claims could include allegations of damages arising from the provision of consulting, investment management (including, for example, from trading execution or other operational errors), actuarial, pension administration and other services. We may also be exposed to claims related to services or solutions offered by the Consulting segment in addition to consulting services. These Consulting segment services frequently involve complex calculations and services, including (i) making assumptions about, and preparing estimates concerning, contingent future events, (ii) drafting and interpreting complex documentation governing pension plans, (iii) calculating benefits within complex pension structures, (iv) providing individual financial planning advice including investment advice and advice relating to cashing out of defined benefit pension plans, (v) providing investment advice, including guidance on asset allocation and investment strategy, and (vi) managing client assets, including the selection of investment managers and implementation of a client s investment policy and strategies. We provide these services to a broad client base, including clients in the public sector. Matters may relate to services provided by the Company dating back many years. Such claims may subject us to significant liability for monetary damages, including punitive and treble damages, negative publicity and reputational harm, and may divert personnel and management resources. We may be unable to effectively limit our potential liability in certain jurisdictions, including through insurance, or in connection with certain types of claims, particularly those concerning claims of a breach of fiduciary duty. In establishing liabilities for E O claims in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"), the Company uses case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, actuarial analysis by Oliver Wyman, a subsidiary of the Company, and other methods to estimate potential losses. A liability is established when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. The liability is assessed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. In many cases, the Company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend a claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. Given the judgment involved in estimating and establishing such liabilities, as well as the unpredictability of E O claims and the litigation that can flow from them, it is possible that an adverse 11 outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition. We cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable U.S. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our activities are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the U.S. and its various states, the United Kingdom, the European Union and its member states, Australia and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. We are also subject to trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as Afghanistan, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Syria, Ukraine (Russia-controlled territories) and Venezuela, and anti-corruption laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. We are subject to numerous other laws on matters as diverse as internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, securities regulation, data privacy and protection, cybersecurity, taxation, anti-trust and competition, anti-money laundering, immigration, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations. The U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to our operations are complex and may change rapidly, and our efforts to comply and keep up with them require significant resources. In some cases, these laws and regulations may decrease the need for our services, increase our costs, negatively impact our revenues or impose operational limitations on our business, including on the products and services we may offer or on the amount or type of compensation we may collect. In particular, the financial and operational impact of complying with laws and regulations has increased in the current global environment of increased regulatory activity and enforcement. Changes or uncertainty with respect to the applicable laws and regulations may impose additional and unforeseen costs on us or pose new or previously immaterial risks to us. There can be no assurance that current and future government regulations will not adversely affect our business, and we cannot predict new regulatory priorities, the form, content or timing of regulatory actions, and their impact on our business and operations. In addition, geopolitical conflict, such as the war in Ukraine and the conflict throughout the Middle East, has resulted in, and may continue to result in, new and rapidly evolving trade sanctions, which may increase our costs, negatively impact our revenues or impose additional operational limitations on our businesses. Changes to tax laws, trade agreements, tariffs, labor policies, or environmental standards could also result in increased costs or operational changes. While we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we, our colleagues, our consultants and our contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations or interpretations at all times, or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. If we fail to comply or are accused of failing to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those referred to above, or new and evolving regulations regarding cybersecurity, AI or sustainability matters, we may become subject to investigations, criminal penalties, civil remedies or other consequences, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to clients or other parties, and we may become exposed to negative publicity or reputational damage. Moreover, our failure to comply with laws or regulations in one jurisdiction may result in increased regulatory scrutiny by other regulatory agencies in that jurisdiction or regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions. These inquiries consume significant management attention, and the cost of compliance and the consequences of failing to be in compliance could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business. In most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret and amend or repeal applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew and revoke the various licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. Such authorities may require the Company to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. In some areas of our businesses, we act on the basis of our own or the industry's interpretations of applicable laws or regulations, which may conflict from state to state or country to country. In the event those interpretations eventually prove different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities, we may be penalized or precluded from carrying on our previous activities. Moreover, the laws and regulations to which we are subject may conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we operate, which increases the likelihood of our businesses being non-compliant in one or more jurisdictions. In addition, we may be responsible for the legal and regulatory liabilities of companies that we acquire. 12 Additional information regarding certain ongoing investigations and certain other legal and regulatory proceedings is set forth in Note 16, Claims, Lawsuits and Other Contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this report. Our business or reputation could be harmed by our reliance on third-party providers or introducers. We currently utilize the services of hundreds of third-party providers to meet the needs of our clients around the world. There is a risk that our third-party providers or introducers engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies or violate applicable laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act. We may not be able to effectively identify and manage actual and apparent conflicts of interest. Given the significant volume of our engagements, potential conflicts of interest may arise across our businesses. There is a risk that we may not effectively identify and manage potential conflicts of interest, including but not limited to where our services to a client conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another client or our own interests, where we receive revenue or benefits from third-parties with whom we conduct business (including but not limited to insurers, investment managers and vendors) and where our colleagues have personal interests. Cybersecurity, Data Protection and Technology Risks We could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or Company data or information systems. In operating our business and providing services and solutions to clients, we collect, use, store, transmit and otherwise process certain electronic information, including personal, confidential, proprietary and sensitive data such as financial records, health care, mergers and acquisitions and personal data of our clients, colleagues and vendors. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. In the normal course of business, we also share electronic information with our vendors and other third parties, which in some cases is critical to our ability to deliver services to our clients. This electronic information comprises sensitive and confidential data, including information related to financial records, health care, mergers and acquisitions and clients personal data. Our information technology systems and information security control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, as well as the control systems of critical infrastructure they rely on, such as power grids, and undersea cables, are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including software bugs, physical attack, cyberattacks, computer viruses and other malware, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, social engineering attacks (including phishing, business e-mail compromise and digital or telephonic impersonation), hacking theft, denial-of-service attacks and other types of data and systems-related modes of attack. The techniques used to achieve such unauthorized access, damage or interruption change frequently and new techniques may not be identified until they are launched against a target, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative or remedial measures, resulting in potential data loss, data unavailability, data corruption or other damage to information technology systems. In addition, remote and hybrid work arrangements have increased the risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, unauthorized dissemination of personal, confidential, proprietary or sensitive data, and unauthorized access to company computing assets. Further, a disruption of physical infrastructure could impact our ability to conduct business and service clients. This may include deliberate or unintentional disruption of service to electrical systems, satellite communications, undersea or terrestrial cable systems, Internet services, or other systems our colleagues or third parties rely on us to conduct business in a multitude of jurisdictions across the globe. Disruptions may be the result of weather, natural disaster, war, terrorism, pandemic, or other natural or geopolitical events. Our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as fraud, mistakes, misconduct or other improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. Moreover, we face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment. The latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner, and even if detected, there can be no assurance that we can mitigate or remediate such compromise in an adequate or timely manner. We could experience significant financial and reputational harm if our information systems are breached, sensitive client or Company data are compromised, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time or maliciously made public, or if we fail to make adequate or timely disclosures to the public, 13 law enforcement agencies or regulators following any such event, whether due to delayed discovery or a failure to follow existing protocols. Moreover, a successful cyberattack targeting our financial reporting systems or related services and infrastructure could disrupt our ability to accurately prepare, finalize, and disclose our financial results in a timely manner. Cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature. We are at risk of attack by a variety of adversaries, including nation states, state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic attacks, and organized crime and hackers, through use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, including the deployment of AI to find and exploit vulnerabilities, "deep fakes", long-term, persistent attacks (referred to as advanced persistent threats) and the use of the IT supply chain to introduce malware through software updates or compromised suppliers accounts or hardware. In particular, the advance of AI and large language models has given rise to additional vulnerabilities and potential entry points for cyber threats. With generative AI, threat actors may have additional tools to automate breaches or persistent attacks, evade detection, or generate sophisticated phishing emails or other forms of digital impersonation, doing so quickly and without requiring deep technical understanding of potential exploits. Attackers may develop AI agents to fully automate the attack cycle, which could discover new and unexploited applications and dynamically create ways to exploit these weaknesses faster than security tools can adapt to and detect these new attack methods. In addition, increasing use of generative AI models, including new capabilities offered through Model Context Protocol (MCP) Servers, in our internal systems may create new attack methods for adversaries. Because generative AI is a constantly evolving field, understanding of cybersecurity risks and protection methods continues to develop, and features that rely on generative AI, including in services provided to us by third parties, may be susceptible to unanticipated cybersecurity threats from sophisticated adversaries and other cybersecurity incidents. Further, we are at increased risk of a cyberattack during periods of heightened geopolitical conflict, such as the war in Ukraine and the conflict throughout the Middle East, as diplomatic events and economic policies may trigger espionage or retaliatory cyber incidents. Additionally, nation states may deploy threat actors masquerading as potential candidates for hire at target companies to perform corporate espionage or execute internal cyber threat activities. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable cybersecurity requirements and mitigate risks of cybersecurity threats, we cannot be certain that our security measures will definitively prevent, contain, detect, or remediate all cybersecurity threats or incidents or other instructions from malware currently in existence or developed in the future. As the breadth and complexity of the technologies we use and the software and platforms we develop continue to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile devices, cloud services, "open source" software, social media tools and the increased reliance on devices connected to the Internet (known as the "Internet of Things"), the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks also increases. Despite ongoing efforts to improve our ability to protect data from compromise, we may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems. Our efforts to improve and protect data from compromise may also identify previously undiscovered instances of security breaches or other cyber incidents. Our policies, employee training (including phishing prevention training), procedures and technical safeguards may also be insufficient to prevent, detect or remediate improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information. In addition, the competition for talent in the data privacy and cybersecurity space is intense, and we may also be unable to hire, develop or retain suitable talent capable of adequately detecting, mitigating or remediating these risks. Our increasing reliance on software-as-a-service ("SaaS") cloud solutions and other cloud-based vendors to support critical business operations also exposes us to risks associated with the availability, security, and resilience of these third-party platforms. These arrangements create dependencies on the vendors ability to maintain continuous service and protect against outages, disruptions or cyber incidents and on the sufficiency of their security controls and incident response. In addition, managing and integrating multiple cloud environments with our internal systems increases the risk of configuration errors or vulnerabilities that could be exploited. Should an attacker gain access to our network using compromised credentials of an authorized user, we are at risk that the attacker might successfully leverage that access to compromise additional systems and data. Certain measures that could increase the security of our systems, such as data encryption (including encryption of data at rest), heightened monitoring and logging, scanning for source code errors or deployment of multi-factor authentication, take significant time and resources to deploy broadly, and such measures may not be deployed in a timely manner or be effective against an attack. The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business. 14 Our information systems must be continually updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities. The volume of new software and infrastructure vulnerabilities continues to increase markedly, as has the criticality of patches and other mitigation and remedial measures. In addition to mitigating and remediating newly identified vulnerabilities, previously identified vulnerabilities must also be continuously addressed. Accordingly, we are at risk that cyberattackers exploit these vulnerabilities before they have been communicated by vendors or addressed. Due to the large number and age of the systems and platforms that we operate, the increased frequency at which vendors are issuing security patches to their products, the need to test patches and, in some cases, coordinate with clients and vendors, before they can be deployed, we perpetually face the substantial risk that we cannot deploy patches in a timely manner. Some security patches may not be compatible with other software running on our systems and therefore may not be able to be deployed. We are also dependent on third party vendors to keep their systems patched and secure in order to protect our data. Any failure related to these activities could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have numerous vendors and other third parties who receive personal information from us in connection with the services we offer our clients and our employees. We also use hundreds of IT vendors and software providers to maintain and secure our global information systems infrastructure. In addition, we have migrated certain data, and may increasingly migrate data, to the cloud where it is hosted by third-party providers. Some of these vendors and third parties also have direct access to our systems or data. We are at risk of a cyberattack involving a vendor or other third parties, which could result in a breakdown of such third party s data protection processes or the cyberattackers gaining access to our infrastructure or data through a supply chain attack. Highly publicized data security breaches, such as the October 2025 Salesloft/Drift attack, may embolden malicious actors to target the IT supply chain and providers of business software. In addition, we depend on our third-party vendors to keep software current. Our systems availability could be impacted by poor or improperly tested software code and updates deployed to our environment by a third-party through normal and expected processes, which occurred with the CrowdStrike event in July 2024. Our reliance on third-party software components and open-source libraries as part of our software supply chain exposes us to significant cybersecurity risks, including malicious code insertion, vulnerabilities and compromised updates. Incidents such as the Shai Hulud NPM Worm, which spread through widely used JavaScript packages by exploiting trust in open-source dependencies, illustrate how supply chain attacks can lead to unauthorized access, data breaches, or disruption of critical applications, sometimes evading traditional security controls. The complexity and scale of modern software supply chains make it difficult to fully vet and monitor all dependencies, increasing the likelihood that similar incidents could affect our systems and operations and result in business disruption, reputational damage and regulatory or legal consequences. Our control over and ability to monitor the cybersecurity practices of our third-party and fourth-party vendors and service providers, and other third parties with whom we do business, remains limited, and there can be no assurance that we can prevent, mitigate, or remediate the risk of any compromise or failure in the development processes or cybersecurity infrastructure or IT controls owned or controlled by such third parties. Additionally, any contractual protections with such third parties, including our right to indemnification, if any, may be limited or insufficient to prevent a negative impact on our business from such compromise or failure. We have a history of making acquisitions and investments. The process of integrating the information systems of any businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. For instance, we may not adequately identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities in an acquired entity s information systems, either before or after the acquisition, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyberattack. In addition, if we discover a historical compromise, security breach or other cyber incident related to the target s information systems following the close of the acquisition, we may be liable and exposed to significant costs and other unforeseen liabilities. We may also be unable to integrate the systems of the businesses we acquire into our environment in a timely manner, which could further increase these risks until such integration takes place. We have experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, such as malware incursions (including computer viruses and ransomware), vulnerabilities in the software on which we rely, users exceeding their data access authorization, employee misconduct and incidents resulting from human error, such as emails sent to the wrong recipient, loss of portable and other data storage devices or misconfiguration of software or hardware resulting in inadvertent exposure of personal, sensitive, confidential or proprietary information or reduction of system availability. Like many companies, we are also subject to social engineering attacks such as WhatsApp scams and regular phishing email campaigns directed at our employees that can result in malware infections, fraud and data loss. Although these incidents have resulted in data loss and other damages, to date, they have not had a material adverse effect on our business or operations. In the future, these types of incidents could result 15 in personal, sensitive, confidential or proprietary information, including client, employee or Company data, being lost or stolen, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time, or maliciously made public, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event of a cyberattack, we might have to take our systems offline, which could interfere with services to our clients or damage our reputation. A cyberattack may also result in systems or data being encrypted or otherwise unavailable due to ransomware or other malware. We also may be unable to detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond in a timely or adequate manner. In addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related data and system incidents. Further, we cannot be sure that our existing coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, (CCPA), Australia's CPS 234, as well as emerging AI-related laws such as the EU's AI Act, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation. Improper collection, use, disclosure, cross border transfer, retention and other processing of confidential, personal, or proprietary data could result in regulatory scrutiny, legal and financial liability, or harm to our reputation. In operating our business and providing services and solutions to clients, we store and transfer sensitive employee and client data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. We collect data from clients and individuals located all over the world and leverage systems and teams to process it. As a result, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the U.S., Europe and around the world regarding privacy, data protection, data security and cyber security. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. Some of these laws and regulations are increasing the level of data handling restrictions, including rules on data localization, all of which could affect our operations and result in regulatory liability and high fines. In particular, high-profile data breaches at major companies continue to be disclosed regularly, which is leading to even greater regulatory scrutiny and significant fines, which are not limited to data breaches as regulators increasingly focus on other data processing activities, including those related to ad-tech and "data subject" rights. The number of laws that apply to us keeps increasing and the interpretation of such laws is often uncertain and may be conflicting. At the international level, we are subject to an increasing number of comprehensive privacy laws including, for example, those passed in Indonesia, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, India and Australia. Many of these laws, which are modeled after the GDPR, have greatly increased the jurisdictional reach of privacy laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, such as the public disclosure of data breaches, data protection impact assessments, data portability and the appointment of data protection officers in some cases. Given the breadth and depth of changes in data protection obligations, including classifying data and committing to a range of administrative, technical and physical controls to protect data and enable data transfers across borders, our compliance with such laws will continue to require time, resources and review of the technology and systems we use. Despite a proliferation of regulatory guidance papers, there remains uncertainty in key areas related to these laws, and that uncertainty could result in potential liability for our failure to meet our obligations, including the possibility of significant fines some of which can amount to 4% or more of our global revenue. Further, despite developments such as the U.S.- E.U. Data Privacy Framework and the U.S.- U.K. Data Bridge, there remains a high level of uncertainty concerning the flow of personal information between the U.S. and EU, between the U.S. and the U.K. and between the U.K. and the EU. This uncertainty may impair our ability to offer our existing and planned products and services or increase our cost of doing business. Some of the global laws enacted in recent years, including those in China and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, also include data localization elements that will require that certain personal data stay within their borders. These requirements are complex and our efforts to comply with them require significant resources, and we cannot guarantee we are or will be in full compliance with such laws at all times. At the U.S. federal level, we are subject to various privacy laws and regulations, including those promulgated under the authority of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, which has the authority to regulate and enforce against unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce, including with respect to data privacy and cybersecurity. At the U.S. state level, we are subject to laws and regulations related to privacy, such as the CCPA, which introduced concepts such as transparency and rights like access and deletion, that have been enacted by over twenty states with more such laws expected to pass in future years. These laws establish a privacy 16 framework for covered businesses, including various obligations imposed on them related to the personal information they collect and use, and offer various rights for their state residents. Some of these laws provide a private right of action for violations and in some cases damages may be significant. Many of these laws diverge from the CCPA and create their own set of rules, and this proliferation of inconsistent state level privacy laws will add operational complexity and increased risk of noncompliance or violations which could trigger enforcement action or litigation. In addition to data protection and data privacy laws, foreign countries and U.S. states are enacting cybersecurity laws and regulations. For example, in November 2025, the final amendments made by the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) to its previous cybersecurity regulations came into effect, which imposed obligations on companies such as Marsh, including for example, requiring companies to provide evidence of how they are implementing their data retention, data governance and data classifications policies and procedures. In addition, the U.S. Department of Justice Bulk Data Transfer Rule recently effected rules restricting the sending of certain data to "countries of concern" and requiring regular compliance monitoring around such transfers. A number of states have also adopted laws covering data collected by insurance licensees that include security and breach notification requirements. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects and could restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to comply with some of these obligations, especially those related to data retention requirements, could expose us to regulatory fines and other penalties. Many statutory requirements, both in the U.S. and abroad, include obligations for companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving certain personal information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or our vendors. For example, laws in all 50 U.S. states generally require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a breach. In addition to government regulation, our agreements with certain third parties may require us to notify them in the event of a security breach. Further, privacy advocates and industry groups have and may in the future propose self-regulatory standards. These laws, rules and industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, or we may elect to comply with them. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning data privacy and security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. Many of these laws and rules also include strict notification requirements for organizations related to confirmed or suspected breaches. This narrow notification window is often too short to fully validate the facts, and there is an increased risk of reporting a false alarm or immaterial breach, which may lead to reputational damage despite there not being an actual data breach. We post public privacy notices and other documentation regarding our collection, use, disclosure, cross-border transfer, retention, and other processing of personal information. Although we endeavor to comply with our published notices and other documentation, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our employees, contractors, service providers, vendors or other third parties with whom we do business fail to comply with our published notices and documentation. Such failures could carry similar consequences or subject us to potential enforcement actions or investigations if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Furthermore, U.S. and global regulators continue to focus their enforcement actions and investigations on website-related practices, including the proper use of "cookies", pixels and other online trackers, as well as the use of online session recording tools. As we use such tools in our website environment, we are at risk of being impacted by such activity, including fines and cease and desist orders. Additionally, certain foreign, U.S. federal and U.S. state governments are increasingly enacting, or are considering enacting, AI-related laws and regulations, such as the EU's AI Act, the AI Transparency Act of California and the AI Act of Colorado, which impose complex new obligations on developers and providers of AI systems. Given the rapid expansion of AI technology capabilities, the lack of legal or regulatory precedent, and the ambiguity surrounding key definitions, complying with these evolving legal and regulatory frameworks is likely to be both challenging and costly. There is a risk that we may not fully meet the requirements set forth by these laws and regulations, potentially exposing us to legal, regulatory or financial penalties. Furthermore, as new and divergent AI laws and regulations continue to emerge globally, they could significantly increase our risk of liability and fines, impact our ability to deploy and utilize AI tools across different jurisdictions, disrupt operations and prospective business and increase our compliance burdens. 17 Privacy or AI-related legal or regulatory violations, including unauthorized use disclosure or transfer of sensitive, personal or confidential client or Company data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, by the Company, our vendors or other parties with whom we do business (if they fail to meet the standards we impose) could damage our reputation and subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions where we operate. Given the complexity of operationalizing the various privacy, data security, data protection and AI laws and regulations mentioned above, the complexity of proposed compliance frameworks and the continued lack of certainty on how to implement their requirements, we and our clients are at risk of enforcement actions taken by applicable regulators or authorities around the world or litigation from third parties, including consumer advocacy groups acting on behalf of data subjects. Additionally, due to the ongoing fast pace of legislative and regulatory activity, we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to new legislative, regulatory and other developments. These changes may also impair our ability to offer our existing or planned products and services and increase our cost of doing business in various countries. Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change such as AI. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business. As a result, our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner, particularly as our business processes become more digital. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in, or partnerships with, technology companies as part of our growth strategy, as well as investments in technology, including generative AI, and infrastructure to support our own systems. These investments may be costly and require significant capital expenditures, may not be profitable or may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically. In addition, investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. In some cases, we also depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. If these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. If we do not keep up with technological changes or execute effectively on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition, to remain competitive in many of our business areas, we must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change such as generative AI. The threat comes from traditional players, such as insurers, through disintermediation as well as from new entrants, such as technology companies, "Insurtech" start-up companies and others. In the past few years, there has been a substantial increase in private equity investments into these Insurtech companies. These players are focused on using technology and innovation, including AI, digital platforms, data analytics, robotics and blockchain, to simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate. We are actively investing in generative AI tools. While our internal generative AI tool, LenAI, was designed to meet our standards for data security and to address and mitigate the risks associated with this new technology, our use of generative AI in certain products, services and operations may present risks and challenges that remain uncertain due to the relative novelty of this technology. These risks may include operational disruptions or failures, reputational harm, enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation or ethical concerns. The models underlying AI tools may be incorrectly or inadequately designed or implemented and trained on, or otherwise use, data or algorithms that are (and the output generated by such AI tools also may be) biased, unethical, discriminatory, incomplete, inaccurate, misleading or poor-quality, any of which may not be easily detectable. To the extent that we do not have sufficient rights to use the data used in or output generated by such AI tools, we may be subject to litigation by holders of third-party intellectual property, privacy, publicity, contractual or other rights. If any of our employees, contractors, consultants, vendors or service providers use any third-party AI powered software in connection with our business or the services they provide to us, it may lead to the inadvertent disclosure or incorporation of our confidential information into publicly available training sets, which may impact our ability to realize the benefit of, or adequately maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property or confidential information, harming our competitive position and business. In addition, the use of AI by other 18 companies has resulted in, and our use of AI may in the future result in, data incidents and cybersecurity breaches. While we have implemented certain mitigation measures and governance related to the proliferation of AI tools, these measures may be inadequate or may not satisfy a growing number of legal and regulatory requirements related to AI. Moreover, if we are perceived to exaggerate the effectiveness, safety or ethical design of AI systems, this could lead to regulatory enforcement, litigation or reputational harm. Any misrepresentation, intentional or unintentional, of our AI-related capabilities or initiatives could also erode trust among clients and regulators. There can be no assurance that our use of AI will enhance our products, services or operations or otherwise result in our intended outcomes. Competitive Risks The loss of members of our senior management team or other key colleagues, or if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to attract, retain and develop talent, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely upon the contributions of our senior management team to establish and implement our business strategy and to manage the future growth of our business. We may be unable to retain them, particularly if we do not offer employment terms that are competitive with the rest of the labor market. The loss of any of the senior management team could limit our ability to successfully execute our business strategy or adversely affect our ability to retain existing and attract new clients. Moreover, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of members of our senior management team or if our succession plans do not operate effectively. Across all of our businesses, our colleagues are critical to developing and retaining client relationships as well as performing the services on which our revenues are earned. It is therefore important for us to attract, incentivize and retain significant revenue-producing employees and the key managerial and other professionals who support them. We face numerous challenges in this regard, including the intense competition for talent, which has accelerated in recent years. Such challenges include the increased mobility of colleagues in light of more flexible working models, market dislocation resulting from proposed and actual combinations in the industry, raids by competitors, and fostering an inclusive workplace. In some cases, competitors have used increasingly aggressive tactics to recruit talent across the industry, including orchestrated team lifts and the theft or misuse of confidential information. We have pursued, and continue to pursue, litigation and other remedies in response to such conduct. However, we cannot guarantee that such efforts will effectively deter future conduct. Losing colleagues who manage or support substantial client relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete client engagements, which could adversely affect our results of operations. If a key employee were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. If a colleague joins us from a competitor and is subject to enforceable restrictive covenants, we may not be able to secure client engagements or maximize the colleague's potential. In addition, regulation or legislation impacting the workforce may lead to increased uncertainty and competition for talent. Failure to maintain our corporate culture could adversely affect our business and reputation. We strive to foster a culture in which our colleagues act with integrity and feel comfortable speaking up about potential misconduct. We are a people business, and a well-defined and consistently reinforced corporate culture, starting with a strong tone from the top, is critical to ensuring compliance with laws and regulations, attracting and retaining top talent and maintaining the trust of our clients, business partners and other stakeholders. As a multinational company operating across many geographies, failure to effectively align our workforce with our core values and ethical principles may impair our ability to achieve our strategic objectives, particularly as we execute our brand strategy, operational model changes and integrate acquisitions. If we fail to maintain our corporate culture, there is an increased risk of unethical behavior or regulatory violations, which could result in legal penalties, reputational damage and financial harm. Increasing scrutiny and changing laws and expectations from regulators, investors, clients and our colleagues with respect to our business responsibility practices and disclosure may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. There is continued focus, including from governmental organizations, regulators, investors, colleagues and clients, on matters related to environmental stewardship and sustainability, strategies to foster a vibrant and inclusive culture, and responsible business practices, including government relations and public affairs initiatives. We refer to these matters collectively as business responsibility. The regulatory landscape related to these issues 19 continues to evolve, with new laws and reporting requirements introduced across various jurisdictions, including in the U.S., the U.K., the European Union (E.U.) and Australia. These laws and regulations may impose additional compliance or disclosure obligations on us. Inconsistent or even conflicting requirements across jurisdictions may also increase compliance challenges, add operational costs, or lead to stakeholder dissatisfaction. As these reporting requirements and standards evolve, we continue to evaluate and update our public disclosures in these areas, including refining our disclosure of metrics and sustainability goals in accordance with the guidance and our own business responsibility assessments and priorities. These disclosures, metrics and sustainability goals and any failure to accurately report or comply with federal, state or international laws and regulations, or achieve progress on our metrics and sustainability goals on a timely basis, or at all, may result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and negatively impact our reputation. Implementation of our business responsibility initiatives also depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the Company's control. In addition, heightened regulatory scrutiny of environmental and sustainability-related products, funds, investment strategies and advice has increased the risk that we could be perceived as, or accused of, making inaccurate or misleading statements, or that we have otherwise run afoul of regulation. Such perceptions or accusations could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory enforcement actions, and adversely affect our business. Organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have also developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to business responsibility, and unfavorable ratings of our company or our industries may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries, exclusion of our stock from business responsibility-oriented indices or investment funds or harm our relationships with regulators and the communities in which we operate. Moreover, public opinion and potential legal actions regarding business responsibility initiatives remain highly dynamic and can vary across stakeholders and geographies. Balancing these competing expectations globally is complex. The impact of new laws and regulations, negative public perception, adverse publicity or negative comments in social media could damage our reputation, and be costly to defend, if we do not, or are not perceived to, adequately address these issues. Any harm to our reputation could impact colleague engagement and retention and the willingness of clients and our partners to do business with us. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve. As a global professional services firm, the Company faces competition in each of its businesses, and the competitive landscape continues to change and evolve. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and expertise of our colleagues, our geographic reach, the sophistication and quality of our services, our pricing relative to competitors, our clients ability to self-insure or use internal resources instead of consultants, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. Any failure by us to design and execute operating model changes that capture opportunities and efficiencies at the intersections of our businesses and maximize the value we deliver to clients and stakeholders could have an adverse impact on our business. Additionally, some of our competitors may have greater financial resources, or may be better positioned to respond to technological and other changes in the industries we serve, and they may be able to compete more effectively. Furthermore, the competition for talent continues to accelerate. Across our Risk and Insurance Services segment, we operate in a variety of markets and face different competitive landscapes. In addition to the challenges posed by capital market alternatives to traditional insurance and reinsurance, we compete against a wide range of other insurance and reinsurance brokerage and risk advisory and consultancy firms that operate on a global, regional, national or local scale for both client business and employee talent. In recent years, private equity sponsors have invested tens of billions of dollars into the insurance brokerage sector, transforming existing players and creating new ones to compete with large brokers. We also compete with insurance companies that market and service their insurance products directly to consumers and reinsurance companies that market and service their products directly to insurance companies, in each case without the assistance of brokers or other market intermediaries, and with various other companies that provide risk-related services or alternatives to traditional brokerage services, including those that rely almost exclusively on technological solutions or platforms. This competition is intensified by an often "syndicated" or "distributed" approach to the purchase of insurance and reinsurance brokerage services, where a client engages multiple brokers to service different portions of the client's account. In addition, third party capital providers have 20 entered the insurance and reinsurance risk transfer market offering products and capital directly to our clients that serve as substitutes for traditional insurance. In our Consulting segment, we compete for business with numerous consulting firms, technology firms and similar organizations, many of which also provide, or are affiliated with firms that provide, accounting, information systems, technology and financial services. Such competitors may be able to offer more comprehensive products and services to potential clients, which may give them a competitive advantage. Some of our competitors also may be able to invest more significant capital in technology and digital solutions. In certain sub-segments, we compete in highly fragmented markets or with start-ups that may be able to offer solutions at a lower price or on more favorable conditions. In addition, companies in the industries that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. If two or more of our current clients merge, or consolidate or combine their operations, it may decrease the amount of work that we perform for these clients. We rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. These vendors and third parties may act or fail to act in ways that could harm our business. We rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to provide services, data and information such as technology, information security, funds transfers, business process management, and administration and support functions that are critical to the operations of our business. These third parties include correspondents, agents and other brokers and intermediaries, insurance markets, data providers, plan trustees, payroll service providers, software and system vendors, health plan providers, investment managers, custodians, risk modeling providers, and providers of human resource functions, such as recruiters. Many of these providers are located outside the U.S., which exposes us to business disruptions and political risks inherent when conducting business outside of the U.S. As we do not control many of the actions of these third parties, we are subject to the risk that their decisions or operations may adversely impact us and replacing these service providers could create significant delay in services or operations and additional expense. A failure by the third parties to (i) comply with service level agreements in a high quality and timely manner, particularly during periods of our peak demand for their services, (ii) maintain adequate internal controls that may impact our own financial reporting, or (iii) adequately maintain the confidentiality of any of our data or trade secrets or adequately protect or properly use other intellectual property to which they may have access, could result in economic and reputational harm to us. These third parties also face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or Company information or failure to comply with applicable law, could cause harm to our reputation or otherwise expose us to liability. An interruption in or the cessation of service by any service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, non-compliance with legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, financial difficulties or for any other reason could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services, and result in contractual or regulatory penalties, liability claims from clients or employees, damage to our reputation and harm to our business. Business Resiliency Risks Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. If we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, war or other geopolitical tensions, protests or riots, security breach, cyberattack (including manipulating the control systems of critical infrastructure), power loss or telecommunications failure, our ability to operate will depend, in part, on the continued availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. In such an event, we could experience operational challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business. The risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, like New York or London, where we have significant operations and approximately 3,800 and 5,700 colleagues in those respective locations, and in certain countries and regions, such as I ndia, Colombia, Eastern Europe and 21 Southeast Asia, in which we operate or are investing additional capabilities that are subject to higher potential threat of terrorist attacks or geopolitical conflicts. Our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. If a business continuity event occurs, we could lose client or Company data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, which could have a material adverse effect. Such risks have increased significantly due to hybrid and remote work environments. A cyberattack or other business continuity event affecting us or a key vendor or other third party could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or operations or our ability to recover data, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. For example, hackers have increasingly targeted companies by attacking internet-connected industrial control and safety control systems. An extended outage could result in the loss of clients and a decline in our revenues. In the worst case, any manipulation of the control systems of critical infrastructure may even result in the loss of life. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity, disaster recovery and data recovery plans and key management succession. However, a disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover from such an event, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships and legal liability. Our business disruption insurance may also not fully cover, in type or amount, the cost of a successful recovery in the event of such a disruption. Acquisitions and Dispositions Risks We face risks when we acquire or dispose of businesses. We have a history of making acquisitions and investments, including a total of 102 in the period from 2021 to 2025, including our acquisitions of McGriff Insurance Services, LLC ("McGriff") and Gerolamo Holding S. .R.L. ("Cardano"). We may not be able to successfully integrate the businesses that we acquire into our own business, or achieve any expected cost savings or synergies from the integration of such businesses, including McGriff and Cardano. Subject to standard contractual protections, we may also be responsible for legacy liabilities of companies that we acquire. Moreover, if we acquire a business operating in regions or industries subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny, we may face significant costs or risks in bringing their operations into compliance with applicable laws and our internal policies. Failure to address these compliance risks could result in regulatory enforcement actions, fines or damage to our reputation. In addition, if in the future the performance of our reporting units or an acquired business varies from our projections or assumptions, or estimates about future profitability of our reporting units or an acquired business change, the estimated fair value of our reporting units or an acquired business could change materially and could result in an impairment of goodwill and other acquisition-related intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet or in adjustments in contingent payment amounts. Given the significant size of the Company's goodwill and intangible assets, an impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any given period. We expect that acquisitions will continue to be a key part of our business strategy. Our success in this regard will depend on our ability to identify and compete for appropriate acquisition candidates and to finance and complete the transactions we decide to pursue on favorable terms with positive results. When we dispose of businesses, we may continue to be subject to certain liabilities of that business after its disposition relating to the prior period of our ownership and may not be able to negotiate for limitations on those liabilities. We are also subject to the risk that the sales price is less than the amount reflected on our balance sheet. Financial Risks If we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Our business depends on our ability to obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for the work we perform. At December 31, 2025, our receivables for our commissions and fees were approximately $7.0 billion, or approximately one-quarter of our total annual revenues,