=== [ES] investor-presentation-q1-2025.pdf ===
Investor presentation Q1 2025 Geir Håøy, President & CEO Mette Toft Bjørgen, EVP & Group CFO KONGSBERG PROPRIETARY: This document contains KONGSBERG information which is proprietary and confidential. Any disclosure, copying, distribution or use is prohibited if not otherwise explicitly agreed with KONGSBERG in writing. Any authorised reproduction in whole or in part, must include this leg end. © 2025 KONGSBERG – All rights reserved. Sea Domain NSM Land and Air Domain Space Domain JSM Maritime Surveillance Submarine Vanguard Robotics C-UAS NOMAD Surveillance NASAMS CROWS Space for Defence BUSINESS UPDATE Q1 Backlog distribution by business area – 31.03 We continue to build backlog Kongsberg Discovery Other 3.2 0.7 24.7 Kongsberg Maritime 134.0 Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace 105.4 Backlog distribution by time of delivery Order intake 20.7bn Revenues 14.6bn EBIT 2.9bn Amounts in NOK bn See Statement of Proprietary information 2025 23% 2026 23% 2027 + futher 55% Q1 25 Financial status Mette Toft Bjørgen, EVP & Group CFO KONGSBERG PROPRIETARY: This document contains KONGSBERG information which is proprietary and confidential. Any disclosure, copying, distribution or use is prohibited if not otherwise explicitly agreed with KONGSBERG in writing. Any authorised reproduction in whole or in part, must include this leg end. © 2025 KONGSBERG – All rights reserved. KONGSBERG Portfolio changes in Q1 KONGSBERG 100% KDA 100% 100% KD KM Naxys AS from 20.1 Maritime business from 1.1 Financials 2024: Revenues ~124 MNOK Financials 2024: Revenues ~600 MNOK Steering gear and rudder business from 1.3 Financials 2024: Revenues ~950 MNOK Acquisition Divestment 83% KDI 100% Other Maritime business from 1.1 Gain from sale of steering gear and rudder business Financials Q1-25: Revenues 1.05 BNOK EBIT 1.05 BNOK

=== [ES] q3-2024---presentation.pdf ===
Investor presentation Q3 2024 Protechting people and planet Geir Håøy, President & CEO Mette Toft Bjørgen, EVP & Group CFO KONGSBERG PROPRIETARY: This document contains KONGSBERG information which is proprietary and confidential. Any disclosure, copying, distribution or use is prohibited if not otherwise explicitly agreed with KONGSBERG in writing. Any authorised reproduction in whole or in part, must include this legend. © 2024 KONGSBERG – All rights reserved. Disclaimer This presentation contains certain forward-looking information and statements. Such forward-looking information and statements are based on the current, estimates and projections of the Company or assumptions based on information currently available to the Company. Such forwardlooking information and statements reflect current views with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company cannot give assurance to the correctness of such information and statements. These forward-looking information and statements can generally be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements sometimes use terminology such as "targets", "believes", "expects", "aims", "assumes", "intends", "plans", "seeks", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", "could", "continues", "estimate", "milestone" or other words of similar meaning and similar expressions or the negatives thereof. By their nature, forward-looking information and statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or implied by the forward-looking information and statements in this presentation. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, the Company's actual financial condition or results of operations could differ materially from that or those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. Any forward-looking information or statements in this presentation speak only as at the date of this presentation. Except as required by the Oslo Stock Exchange rules or applicable law, the Company does not intend, and expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking, to publicly update, correct or revise any of the information included in this presentat

=== [ES] q2-2024---investor-presentation.pdf ===
Investor presentation Q2 2024 Protechting people and planet Geir Håøy, President & CEO Mette Toft Bjørgen, EVP & Group CFO KONGSBERG PROPRIETARY: This document contains KONGSBERG information which is proprietary and confidential. Any disclosure, copying, distribution or use is prohibited if not otherwise explicitly agreed with KONGSBERG in writing. Any authorised reproduction in whole or in part, must include this legend. © 2024 KONGSBERG – All rights reserved. Disclaimer This presentation contains certain forward-looking information and statements. Such forward-looking information and statements are based on the current, estimates and projections of the Company or assumptions based on information currently available to the Company. Such forwardlooking information and statements reflect current views with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company cannot give assurance to the correctness of such information and statements. These forward-looking information and statements can generally be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements sometimes use terminology such as "targets", "believes", "expects", "aims", "assumes", "intends", "plans", "seeks", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", "could", "continues", "estimate", "milestone" or other words of similar meaning and similar expressions or the negatives thereof. By their nature, forward-looking information and statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or implied by the forward-looking information and statements in this presentation. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, the Company's actual financial condition or results of operations could differ materially from that or those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. Any forward-looking information or statements in this presentation speak only as at the date of this presentation. Except as required by the Oslo Stock Exchange rules or applicable law, the Company does not intend, and expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking, to publicly update, correct or revise any of the information included in this presentat