=== NKE_2025-07-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, for additional discussion of the impact of sourcing risks on our business. Since 1972, Sojitz Corporation of America ("Sojitz America"), a large Japanese trading company and the sole owner of our redeemable preferred stock, has performed import-export financing services for us. INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS AND TRADE Our international operations and sources of supply are subject to the usual risks of doing business abroad, such as the implementation of, or potential changes in, foreign and domestic trade policies, increases in import duties, anti-dumping measures, quotas, trade agreement enforcement practices, safeguard measures, trade restrictions, restrictions on the transfer of funds and, in certain parts of the world, political tensions, instability, conflicts, nationalism and terrorism, and resulting sanctions and other measures imposed in response to such issues. In 2025 and in other recent years, uncertain global and regional economic and political conditions have affected international trade and increased protectionist actions around the world. These trends are affecting many global manufacturing and service sectors, and the footwear and apparel industries, as a whole, are not immune. Companies in our industry are facing trade protectionism in many different regions, and, in nearly all cases, we are working together with industry groups to address trade issues and reduce the impact to the industry, while observing applicable competition laws. Notwithstanding our efforts, protectionist measures have resulted in increases in the cost of our products, and additional measures, if implemented, will adversely affect sales and/or profitability for NIKE, as well as the imported footwear and apparel industry as a whole, possibly materially. We monitor protectionist trends and developments throughout the world that may materially impact our industry, and we engage in administrative and judicial processes to mitigate trade restrictions. We are actively monitoring actions that may result in additional anti-dumping measures and could affect our industry. We are also monitoring for other impediments that may limit or delay customs clearance for imports of footwear, apparel and equipment and advocating for trade facilitation. NIKE also advocates for trade liberalization for footwear and apparel in a number of bilateral and multilateral free trade agreements. Changes in, and responses to, U.S. trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs or penalties on imported goods or retaliatory measures by other countries, have negatively affected, and could in the future materially negatively affect, U.S. corporations, including NIKE, with business operations and/or consumer markets in those countries, which could also make it necessary for us to change the way we conduct business, either of which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or our results of operations. In addition, we work with a broad coalition of global businesses and trade associations representing a wide variety of sectors to help support the development and implementation of legislation that (i) addresses legitimate and core concerns, (ii) is consistent with international trade rules and (iii) reflects and considers domestic economies and the important role they may play in the global economic community. Where trade protection measures are implemented, we believe we have the ability to develop, over a period of time, adequate alternative sources of supply for the products obtained from our present suppliers. If events prevented us from acquiring products from our suppliers in a particular country, our operations could be temporarily disrupted and we could experience an adverse financial impact. However, we believe we could abate any such disruption, and that much of the adverse impact on supply would, therefore, be of a short-term nature, although alternate sources of supply might not be as cost-effective and could have an ongoing adverse impact on profitability. 2025 FORM 10-K 4 Table of Contents Our international operations are also subject to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"), and other anti-bribery laws applicable to our operations. We source a significant portion of our products from, and have important consumer markets, outside of the United States. We have an ethics and compliance program to address compliance with the FCPA and similar laws by us, our employees, agents, suppliers and other partners. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information on risks relating to our international operations. COMPETITION The athletic footwear, apparel and equipment industry is highly competitive on a worldwide basis. We compete internationally with a significant number of athletic and leisure footwear companies, athletic and leisure apparel companies, sports equipment companies and large companies having diversified lines of athletic and leisure footwear, apparel and equipment, including adidas, Anta, ASICS, Deckers, Li Ning, lululemon athletica, New Balance, On, Puma, Under Armour and V.F. Corporation, among others. The intense competition and the rapid changes in technology and consumer preferences in the markets for athletic and leisure footwear and apparel and athletic equipment constitute significant risk factors in our operations. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information. NIKE is the largest seller of athletic footwear and apparel in the world. Important aspects of competition in this industry are: Product attributes such as quality; innovation and development; performance and reliability; new product style, and design; as well as consumer price/value. Consumer connection, engagement and affinity for brands and products, developed through marketing, promotion and digital experiences; social media interaction; customer support and service; identification with prominent and influential athletes, influencers, public figures, coaches, teams, colleges and sports leagues who endorse our brands and use our products and active engagement through sponsored sporting events and clinics. Effective sourcing and distribution of products, with attractive merchandising and presentation at retail, both in-store and on digital platforms. We believe that we are competitive in all of these areas. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, including the risk factor titled "Our products, services and experiences face intense competition." TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS We believe that our intellectual property rights are important to our brand, our success and our competitive position. We strategically pursue available protections of these rights and vigorously protect and enforce them against third-party theft and infringement. We use trademarks on nearly all of our products and packaging, and in our marketing materials, and believe having distinctive marks that are readily identifiable is an important factor in creating a market for our goods, in identifying our brands and the Company, and in distinguishing our goods from the goods of others. We consider our NIKE and Swoosh Design trademarks to be among our most valuable assets and we have registered these trademarks in over 190 jurisdictions worldwide. In addition, we own many other trademarks that we use in marketing our products. Throughout the world, we own common law rights in the trade dress of several distinctive shoe designs and elements. For certain trade dress, we have sought and obtained trademark registrations. We have copyright protection in our designs, graphics, software applications, digital goods and other original works. When appropriate, we also obtain registered copyrights. We file for, own and maintain many U.S. and foreign utility and design patents protecting components, technologies, materials, manufacturing techniques, features, functionality, and industrial designs used in and for the manufacture of various athletic, performance, and leisure footwear and apparel, including physical and digital versions thereof, athletic equipment, and digital devices, and related software applications. These patents expire at various times. We believe our success depends upon our capabilities in areas such as design, research and development, production and marketing and is supported and protected by our intellectual property rights, such as trademarks, utility and design patents, copyrights, and trade secrets, among others. We have followed a policy of applying for and registering intellectual property rights in the United States and select foreign countries on trademarks, inventions, innovations and designs that we deem protectable and valuable. We also continue to vigorously protect and enforce our intellectual property, including trademarks, patents and trade secrets against third-party infringement and misappropriation. 2025 FORM 10-K 5 Table of Contents HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES At NIKE, we consider the strength and effective management of our workforce to be essential to the ongoing success of our business. We believe that it is important to attract, develop and retain an engaged workforce with diverse experiences, backgrounds and perspectives at all levels of our business and that such a workforce fosters creativity and accelerates innovation. CULTURE Each employee shapes NIKE's culture through behaviors and practices. This starts with our Maxims, which represent our core values and, along with our Code of Conduct, feature the fundamental behaviors that help anchor, inform and guide us and apply to all employees. Our mission is to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete in the world, which includes the belief that if you have a body, you are an athlete. We aim to do this by creating groundbreaking sport innovations, making our products more sustainably, building a creative global team with diverse experiences, backgrounds and perspectives, supporting the well-being of our employees and making a positive impact in communities where we live and work. Our mission is aligned with our deep commitment to maintaining an environment where all NIKE employees have the opportunity to reach their full potential, to connect to our brands and to shape our workplace culture. We believe providing for growth and retention of our employees is essential in fostering such a culture and are dedicated to providing access to training programs and career development opportunities, including trainings on NIKE's values, history and business, trainings on developing leadership skills at all levels, tools and resources for managers and qualified tuition reimbursement opportunities. We are committed to having an inclusive and diverse team and culture, and accessible workplace. We achieve this through recruitment, development and retention of qualified talent with diverse experiences, backgrounds and perspectives through traditional channels, initiatives and partnerships, including those that serve colleges and universities. Additionally, we provide access to education so that all NIKE employees and leaders have the cultural knowledge and understanding to lead inclusively and build diverse and inclusive teams. We also have employee resource groups, collectively known as NikeUNITED, that promote NIKE cultural awareness and are open to all. In empowering our employees to help shape our culture, we source employee feedback through a variety of survey tools: our annual Engagement Survey program, corporate pulse surveys and listening sessions. These tools provide employees throughout the globe an opportunity to provide confidential feedback on key areas known to drive employee engagement, including their satisfaction with their managers, their work and the Company generally. These tools also measure our employees' connection to NIKE's culture. NIKE also provides multiple points of contact for employees to speak up if they experience something that does not align with our values or otherwise violates our workplace policies, even if they are uncertain what they observed or heard is a violation of company policy. As part of our commitment to making a positive impact on our communities, we maintain a goal of investing 2% of our prior fiscal year's pre-tax income into global communities. The focus of this investment continues to be inspiring youth to be active through play and sport as well as uniting and inspiring communities. Through our investments we bring the power of sport into our communities, with the goal of making play and sport more accessible. Our community investments are an important part of our culture, and we support employees in giving back to community organizations through volunteering and donations, which are matched by the NIKE Foundation where eligible. EMPLOYEE BASE As of May 31, 2025, we had approximately 77,800 employees worldwide, including retail and part-time employees. We also utilize independent contractors and temporary personnel to supplement our workforce. Most of our employees are not represented by unions, except for certain employees in the EMEA and APLA geographies who are members of and/or are represented by trade unions, as allowed or required by local law and/or collective bargaining agreements. Also, in some countries outside of the United States, local laws require employee representation by works councils (which may be entitled to information and consultation on certain subsidiary decisions) or by organizations similar to a union. In certain European countries, we are required by local law to enter into, and/or comply with, industry-wide or national collective bargaining agreements. NIKE has never experienced a material interruption of operations due to labor disagreements. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS NIKE's total rewards are intended to be competitive and equitable, meet the varied needs of our global teammates and reinforce our values. We are committed to providing comprehensive, competitive and equitable pay and benefits to our employees, and we have invested, and aim to continue to invest, in our employees through growth and development and holistic well-being initiatives. Our initiatives in this area include: 2025 FORM 10-K 6 Table of Contents We are committed to competitive pay, pay equity and to reviewing our pay and promotion practices annually. We have an annual company bonus plan and a retail-focused bonus plan applicable to all eligible employees. Both programs are focused on rewarding employees for company performance, which we believe reinforces our culture and rewards behaviors that support collaboration and teamwork. We provide comprehensive family care benefits in the U.S. and globally where practicable, including family planning coverage, backup care and child/elder care assistance as well as an income-based childcare subsidy for eligible employees. Our Military Leave benefit provides up to 12 weeks of paid time off every 12 months. We offer free access to our sport centers at our World Headquarters for our full-time employees and North America store employees. We provide employees free access to mindfulness and meditation resources, as well as live classes through our sport centers. We provide all employees and their families globally with free and confidential visits with a mental health counselor through a third-party provider and our global Employee Assistance Program (EAP). We provide support to our employees in a variety of ways during times of crisis, including pay continuity under certain circumstances, and our natural disaster assistance program. We provide a hybrid work approach for the majority of employees, as well as a Four Week Flex program, which provides employees an opportunity to work remotely for up to four weeks per year. We offer a Well-Being Week where we close our corporate offices for a full week in the summer and Well-Being Days for our teammates in our retail stores and distribution centers, and encourage our teammates to focus on their well-being. We provide inclusive healthcare coverage and family planning benefits for eligible employees covered on the U.S. Health Plan, including access to both restorative services and personal care. We provide all U.S. employees with unlimited free financial coaching through a third-party provider. Additional information related to our human capital strategy can be found on the Mission section of about.nike.com. Information contained on or accessible through our websites is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Annual Report or any other report or document we file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. AVAILABLE INFORMATION AND WEBSITES Our NIKE digital commerce website is located at www.nike.com. On our NIKE corporate website, located at investors.nike.com, we post the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC: our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our proxy statements are also posted on our corporate website. All such filings on our corporate website are available free of charge. Copies of these filings are also available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Also available on our corporate website are the charters of the committees of our Board of Directors, as well as our corporate governance guidelines and code of ethics. Copies of any of these documents will be provided in print to any shareholder who submits a request in writing to NIKE Investor Relations, One Bowerman Drive, Beaverton, Oregon 97005-6453. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Annual Report or any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 2025 FORM 10-K 7 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The executive officers of NIKE, Inc. as of July 17, 2025, are as follows: Mark Parker , Executive Chairman Mr. Parker, 69, joined NIKE in 1979 and has served as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2020. Prior to his current role, Mr. Parker served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NIKE, Inc. from 2006 to 2020. During his employment with NIKE, he has had primary responsibilities in product research, design and development, marketing and brand management. Mr. Parker previously served in various roles at NIKE including President of the NIKE Brand, Vice President of Global Footwear, General Manager, corporate Vice President and divisional Vice President in charge of product development. Elliott Hill , President and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Hill, 61, joined NIKE in 1988 and has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NIKE, Inc. since October 2024. Previously, Mr. Hill served as President Consumer and Marketplace from 2018 until his retirement in 2020, in which role he led all commercial and marketing operations for the NIKE and Jordan brands. During his employment with NIKE, he has served in various roles, including Apparel Sales Director in Europe, Retail Development Director in Europe, Vice President of Sales and Retail in EMEA, General Manager of U.S. Retail, Vice President of U.S. Sales, Retail and NIKE.com, Vice President of Global Retail, President of Geographies and Sales and Vice President and General Manager of North America. Matthew Friend , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Friend, 47, joined NIKE in 2009 and has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of NIKE, Inc. since 2020. In this role, Mr. Friend leads the Company's strategy, finance and business services organizations. Mr. Friend previously served in various roles at NIKE including as Vice President of Investor Relations and Chief Financial Officer of the NIKE Brand. Prior to joining NIKE, Mr. Friend worked in the financial industry, including as Vice President in the investment banking and mergers and acquisitions groups at Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley. Treasure Heinle , Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer Ms. Heinle, 55, joined NIKE in 2012 and has served as Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer of NIKE, Inc. since January 2025. She leads the Company s global Human Resources function and its People vision and strategy. Ms. Heinle was previously Vice President, Chief Talent Officer and Vice President, HR Business Partner for the Global Operations Technology and Global Consumer Marketplace teams, inclusive of Jordan Brand and Converse. Prior to joining NIKE as Vice President, HR Business Partner for North America, Ms. Heinle held Human Resources leadership positions at Danaher Corporation, Tektronix, Inc. and InFocus Corporation. Rob Leinwand , Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Mr. Leinwand, 57, joined NIKE in 2004 and has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer of NIKE, Inc. since 2024. In this role, Mr. Leinwand leads the strategic vision for the Company's Legal, Social and Community Impact, Government and Public Affairs and Resilience teams. Mr. Leinwand previously served as Vice President, Deputy General Counsel, Enterprise which included oversight of the Company's Global Litigation, Employment Law/Employee Relations, Brand Protection, Supply Chain and Corporate Governance functions. Prior to joining NIKE, Mr. Leinwand was a shareholder at the law firm of Littler Mendelson. Phil McCartney , Executive Vice President, Chief Innovation, Design Product Officer Mr. McCartney, 50, joined NIKE in 1998 and has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Innovation, Design Product Officer of NIKE, Inc. since May 2025. In this role, Mr. McCartney is responsible for the creation of innovative product and oversees how NIKE, Jordan and Converse innovate, design and create products for athletes around the world. Previously, Mr. McCartney was Vice President and General Manager of Global Footwear, a position held since 2016. He also previously served in various roles, including Vice President of Sport, Vice President of Running, Vice President of Football Footwear and started at NIKE as a brand ambassador and product expert, known as an EKIN. Prior to joining NIKE, Mr. McCartney was a professional athlete. Amy Montagne , President, Nike Ms. M ontagne, 53, joined NIKE in 2005 and has served as President, Nike of NIKE, Inc. since May 2025. In this role, Ms. Montagne is responsible for serving consumers across all sports and driving future growth for the NIKE Brand. Previously, Ms. Montagne served in various Vice President and General Manager roles at NIKE, including APLA, Global Men s, Global Categories, Global Women s and Global Merchandising, as well as in other leadership positions in North America, Running, Women s Training, and Sportswear. Prior to joining NIKE, Ms. Montagne worked in allocation, planning and merchandising at Gap Inc., Mervyn s and Walmart Inc. Craig Williams , Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Mr. Williams, 56, joined NIKE in 2019 and has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer of NIKE, Inc. since June 2025. In this role, Mr. Williams leads NIKE's four geographic operating units, the global direct to consumer business and wholesale marketplace partnerships. Mr. Williams previously served as President of Geographies Marketplace of NIKE, Inc. and President of Jordan Brand, overseeing the global business and team of designers, footwear and apparel developers, marketers and geography leaders. Prior to joining NIKE, Mr. Williams held executive leadership positions at The Coca-Cola Company as well as roles at CIBA Vision, a subsidiary of Novartis AG, and Kraft Foods Inc. Mr. Williams also served five years in the U.S. Navy as a Naval Nuclear Power Officer. 2025 FORM 10-K 8 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Analyst Reports Certain written and oral statements, other than purely historic information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to NIKE's business plans, objectives and expected operating or financial results and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, made or incorporated by reference from time to time by NIKE or its representatives in this Annual Report, other reports, filings with the SEC, press releases, conferences or otherwise, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "estimate," "project," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result" or words or phrases of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties are detailed from time to time in reports filed by NIKE with the SEC, including reports filed on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and include, among others, the following: risks relating to our business strategy, including, but not limited to, risks related to an increased focus on sport and rebalancing of our channel mix; intense competition among designers, marketers, distributors and sellers of athletic or leisure footwear, apparel and equipment for consumers and endorsers; NIKE's ability to successfully innovate and compete in various categories; new product development and innovation; demographic changes; changes in consumer preferences and channel mix; popularity of particular designs, categories of products and sports; seasonal and geographic demand for NIKE products; difficulties in anticipating or forecasting, and responding to changes in consumer preferences, consumer demand for NIKE products, changes in channel mix and the various market factors described above; the size and growth of the overall athletic or leisure footwear, apparel and equipment markets; general risks associated with operating a global business, including, without limitation, exchange rate fluctuations, inflation, import duties, quotas, sanctions, political and economic instability, conflicts and terrorism; the potential impact of new and existing laws, regulations or policies, including, without limitation, those relating to tariffs, import/export, trade, taxes, wages, labor and immigration; international, national and local political, civil, economic and market conditions, including volatility and uncertainty regarding inflation and interest rates; difficulties in implementing, operating and maintaining NIKE's increasingly complex information technology systems and controls, including, without limitation, the systems related to demand and supply planning and inventory control; interruptions in data and information technology systems; consumer data security; risks related to our sustainability strategy; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results, including, without limitation, the fact that advance orders may not be indicative of future revenues due to changes in shipment timing, the changing mix of orders with shorter lead times, and discounts, order cancellations and returns; the ability of NIKE to sustain, manage or forecast its growth and inventories; the size, timing and mix of purchases of NIKE's products; increases in the cost of materials, labor and energy used to manufacture products; the ability to secure and protect trademarks, patents and other intellectual property; product performance and quality; customer service; adverse publicity and an inability to maintain NIKE's reputation and brand image, including without limitation, through social media or in connection with brand damaging events; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; dependence on distributors and licensees; business disruptions; increased costs of freight and transportation to meet delivery deadlines; increases in borrowing costs due to any decline in NIKE's debt ratings; changes in business strategy or development plans; the impact of, including business and legal developments relating to, climate change, extreme weather conditions and natural disasters; litigation, regulatory proceedings, sanctions or any other claims asserted against NIKE; the ability to attract and retain qualified employees, and any negative public perception with respect to key personnel or our corporate culture, values or purpose; the effects of NIKE's decision to invest in or divest of businesses or capabilities; health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks; and other factors referenced or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report and other reports. Investors should also be aware that while NIKE does, from time to time, communicate with securities analysts, it is against NIKE's policy to disclose to them any material non-public information or other confidential commercial information. Accordingly, shareholders should not assume that NIKE agrees with any statement or report issued by any analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report. Furthermore, NIKE has a policy against confirming financial forecasts or projections issued by others. Thus, to the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not the responsibility of NIKE. Risk Factors The risks included here are not exhaustive. Other sections of this Annual Report may include additional factors which could adversely affect NI