=== LVS_2026-04-01.htm.gz ===
lvs-20260401 false 0001300514 DEF 14A iso4217:USD 0001300514 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 lvs:RobertG.GoldsteinMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 lvs:RobertG.GoldsteinMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001300514 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001300514 lvs:RobertG.GoldsteinMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001300514 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001300514 lvs:RobertG.GoldsteinMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001300514 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001300514 lvs:SheldonG.AdelsonMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001300514 lvs:RobertG.GoldsteinMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001300514 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001300514 lvs:SheldonG.AdelsonMember 2021-01-01 2021-01-06 0001300514 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 lvs:RobertG.GoldsteinMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 lvs:RobertG.GoldsteinMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 lvs:RobertG.GoldsteinMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 lvs:RobertG.GoldsteinMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001300514 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant o Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Las Vegas Sands Corp. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN Sands executed its strategic objectives during 2025 in pursuit of our mission to develop and operate iconic destination res orts that drive significant economic impact , deliver unparalleled experiences to our guests and attract high-value tourism to our markets . In 2025, we delivered growth across a range of financial metrics, including net revenues, adjusted property EBITDA and earnings per share. We also continued to execute our capital investment programs in both Macao and Singapore while increasing the return of capital to stockholders. At M arina Bay Sands i n Singapore, 2025 represented another year of outstanding operational and financial execution. The property achieved a record adjusted property EBITDA of over $2.9 billion for the year. Our investments have meaningfully enhanced and expanded our premium suite and luxury tourism offerings at M arina Bay Sand s . C ompletion of our enhanced hospitality offerings , including elevated and expanded suite offerings during 2025 , enabled the outstanding growth we achieved in 2025 . We also began construction on the next phase of Marina Bay Sands, a new development with direct connectivity to our existing property, which will feature additional entertainment offerings including an arena , MICE space and valuable additional suite capacity. This unique development provides growth opportunities in Singapore and extends our contributions to the city s leisure and business tourism appeal in the decades ahead . In Macao, we completed our capital investment program at The Londoner Macao with the debut of 2,405 premium suites and guest rooms at Londoner Grand. We believe The Londoner will deliver growth and strong returns on invested capital in the years ahead. We will continue to invest in our property portfolio and hospitality offerings in Macao going forward and consider Macao an ideal market for additional capital investment . Our balance sheet strength continued to enable us to execute our significant capital investment programs in both Macao and Singapore, while increasing the return of capital to stockholders during the year. You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Las Vegas Sands Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), which will be held virtually on May 14, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. Pacific time. We believe the environmentally-friendly virtual meeting format will provide expanded access, improved communication, and cost savings for our stockholders and the Company. You will not be able to attend the annual meeting in person. Details regarding admission to the meeting and the business to be presented at the meeting can be found in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement. We are pleased to take advantage of the Securities and Exchange Commission rules that allow companies to furnish proxy materials to stockholders via the Internet. We believe these rules allow us to provide our stockholders with the information they need, while lowering the costs of delivery and reducing the environmental impact of producing and distributing materials for our annual meeting. Accordingly, we are sending a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ) to our stockholders of record and beneficial owners, unless they have directed us to provide the materials in a different manner. The Notice provides instructions on how to access and review all of the important information contained in the accompanying Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Stockholders, as well as how to submit a proxy by telephone or over the Internet. If you receive the Notice and would still like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials, instructions for requesting these materials are included in the Notice. The Company plans to mail the Notice to stockholders by April 1, 2026 . The Company will continue to mail a printed copy of this Proxy Statement and form of proxy to certain stockholders, and it expects that mailing will begin on or about April 1, 2026 . I would like to thank you, our stockholders, as well as our dedicated Team Members and other stakeholders in our Company for your support in 2025. It is my privilege to assume the role of Chairman of the Company. I am proud to lead an organization with an unrivalled portfolio of Integrated Resorts in both Macao and Singapore. We will continue the decades-long commitment, established by our founder, Sheldon G. Adelson, to make investments designed to enhance the leisure and business tourism appeal of both Macao and Singapore. We will continue to invest in those outstanding markets while pursuing development opportunities in new markets. We are fortunate that our balance sheet strength enables us to pursue these opportunities while continuing to return excess capital to stockholders. Your vote is important. Whether or not you are able to attend, it is important your shares be represented at the meeting. Please follow the instructions in the Notice and vote as soon as possible. Yours sincerely, PATRICK DUMONT Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer April 1, 2026 Table of Contents May 14, 2026 11:00 a.m. Pacific Time Location Access via https://www.webcaster5.com/Webcast/ Page/3138/53642 and enter the 11-digit control number on the proxy card or Notice of Availability of Proxy Materials you previously received and the meeting password, Sands2026 NOTICE of Annual Meeting of Stockholders Stockholders of record at the close of business on March 16, 2026 , are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting. A complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting, during the meeting and during ordinary business hours for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, at the Company s executive offices, located at 5420 S. Durango Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada 89113. The annual meeting of stockholders of the Company, will be held online on May 14, 2026 , at 11:00 a.m. Pacific time, for the following purposes: 1. to elect eight directors to the Board to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; 2. to ratify the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm; 3. to vote on an advisory (non-binding) proposal to approve the compensation of the named executive officers ( NEOs ); and 4. to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof. By Order of the Board, D. Zachary Hudson Executive Vice President, Global General Counsel and Secretary April 1, 2026 PLEASE FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS IN THE COMPANY S NOTICE OF INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS TO VOTE YOUR PROXY. REVIEW YOUR PROXY STATEMENT AND VOTE IN ONE OF FOUR WAYS: Please refer to the enclosed proxy materials or the information forwarded by your bank, broker or other holder of record to see which voting methods are available to you. INTERNET Visit the website on your proxy card BY TELEPHONE Call the telephone number on your proxy card BY MAIL Sign, date and return your proxy card if you received a paper copy DURING THE VIRTUAL MEETING Follow the instructions on your proxy card Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS 67 PAY-VERSUS-PERFORMANCE 67 2025 Pay-Versus-Performance Table 69 Comparative Disclosure 70 Most Important Performance Measures 71 CEO PAY RATIO 72 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 74 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 75 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 76 FEES PAID TO INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 77 CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS 77 Support Services Agreement 77 Registration Rights Agreement 77 Transactions Relating to Aircraft 79 Other Transactions 79 Property and Casualty Insurance 80 PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 81 PROPOSAL NO. 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 82 PROPOSAL NO. 3: AN ADVISORY (NON-BINDING) VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 83 PROXY STATEMENT 87 TIMEFRAME FOR STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR THE NEXT ANNUAL MEETING 88 OTHER INFORMATION A- 1 ANNEX A: NON-GAAP MEASURES 1 PROXY SUMMARY 4 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY OVERVIEW 6 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW 7 STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 9 RECENT CHANGES TO OUR COMPENSATION PROGRAM 19 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 21 BOARD OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES 26 INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES 26 Board of Directors 27 Board Committees 29 Non-Board Committees 30 Succession Planning and Development 31 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 36 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 37 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 37 2025 Key Accomplishments Financial Results 38 Our Executive Compensation Program 39 Major Elements of Named Executive Officer Compensation 48 Tax and Accounting Considerations Relating to Executive Compensation 48 Executive Compensation Related Policies and Practices 50 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 50 The Committee s Compensation Consultants 52 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 53 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND OTHER INFORMATION 53 2025 Summary Compensation Table 54 All Other Compensation for 2025 55 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 56 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year- End 57 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2025 57 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 66 Potential Payments/Benefits Upon Termination of Employment for 2025 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include the discussions of our business strategies and expectations concerning future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity, capital resources, and corporate responsibility initiatives. In addition, in certain portions included in this proxy statement, the words anticipates, believes, continues, estimates, expects, intends, looks forward to, may, plans, positions, remains, seeks, will and similar expressions, as they relate to our Company or management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you any forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. These statements represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies concerning future events that, by their nature, involve a number of risks, uncertainties or other factors beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance, achievements or other expectations to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or other expectations expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, the risks associated with: our gaming license in Singapore and concession in Macao and amendments to Macao's gaming laws; increased competition if the Macao and Singapore governments grant additional rights to conduct gaming in the future; general economic conditions; disruptions or reductions in travel and our operations due to natural or man-made disasters, pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of infectious or contagious diseases; our ability to invest in future growth opportunities, or attempt to expand our business in new markets and new ventures, execute our capital expenditure programs at our existing properties and produce future returns; government regulation; the extent to which the laws and regulations of mainland China become applicable to our operations in Macao and Hong Kong; the possibility that economic, political and legal developments in Macao adversely affect our Macao operations, or that there is a change in the manner in which regulatory oversight is conducted in Macao; our subsidiaries ability to make distribution payments to us; substantial leverage and debt service; fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates; our ability to collect gaming receivables; win rates for our gaming operations; risk of fraud and cheating; competition; tax law changes; political instability, civil unrest, terrorist acts or war; legalization of gaming; insurance; the collectability of our outstanding loan receivable; limitations on the transfers of cash to and from our subsidiaries; limitations of the pataca exchange markets; restrictions on the export of the renminbi; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed by Las Vegas Sands Corp. with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date such statement is made. Las Vegas Sands Corp. assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements and information. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY FISCAL 2025 FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS $13.02B Net Revenue $1.87B Net Income $2.94B Capital Returned to Stockholders $5.23B Adjusted Property EBITDA (1) (1) Adjusted Property EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure, used by management as the primary measure of the operating performance of our segments and reflects adjusted property EBITDA for our Macao and Singapore properties prior to making any adjustments for compensation purposes. Refer to Annex A, which includes a reconciliation of non-GAAP Adjusted Property EBITDA to net income. 2025 : TRANSFORMATIONAL INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE COMBINE TO DRIVE RECORD PERFORMANCE AT MARINA BAY SANDS IN SINGAPORE At Marina Bay Sands ( MBS ) in Singapore, our executives focused on delivering growth as we completed a multi-year capital investment program. We delivered a record Adjusted Property EBITDA performance at MBS. In Macao, our executives focused on the completion and successful opening of the Londoner Grand, while responding to the evolving competitive operating environment. In 2025, we also began construction on the MBS expansion project in Singapore. While the opportunities to invest and grow in jurisdictions where we already operate were our primary focus, we continued to explore opportunities to invest in new jurisdictions. We also continued to focus on maintaining our strong balance sheet and executing programs to return capital to stockholders. The key operational and strategic objectives our executives accomplished in 2025 included the following: Delivered elevated product and operational excellence, to generate a record financial performance at MBS Our Adjusted Property EBITDA at MBS increased 42% year-over-year to reach $2.92 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, the highest annual Adjusted Property EBITDA in the history of our Singapore operations and some $870 million higher than the previous year. This record performance was driven by significant growth in gross gaming revenues, as well as non-gaming revenue growth and control of operating costs. The success delivered at MBS in 2025 reflects the multi-year delivery of major renovation works and the elevation of service standards at the resort. Our executives focused on the delivery of the final phase of suite and room renovations that were completed in 2025, as well as the elevation of our service standards and customer development strategy, each designed to optimize MBS market opportunity with premium patrons seeking immersive and luxurious travel experiences. Commenced construction on our expansion project at MBS We continued to execute our development plans for the MBS expansion project. We commenced construction on the project and refined our programming and design. We plan to invest approximately $8.0 billion , inclusive of preopening expenses, financing fees and interest. The project cost includes approximately $2.0 billion for related land premiums and the purchase of additional gaming area. The scale and importance of this development required significant management attention in 2025. Focused on capital allocation and our program to return capital to stockholders Our executives are focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet while returning capital to stockholders and optimizing stockholder returns. While retaining our commitment to an investment grade balance sheet, we returned $2.25 billion through common stock repurchases and $694 million through dividend payments. In addition, we purchased $483 million of common stock of Sands China Ltd. ( SCL ), increasing our equity ownership in SCL to 74.80% . Continued our commitment to stockholders: listening and responding We engaged in extensive dialogue with a wide range of investors on issues including our business strategy and financial performance, executive compensation, corporate responsibility, environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) issues and other matters of stockholder interest. This dialogue took the form of one-on-one meetings via both in-person and virtual formats, as well as through our attendance at investment industry and asset manager-sponsored conferences. We believe dialogue with our stockholders allows us to understand stockholder perspectives and enhances transparency and investor understanding of our efforts as we seek to deliver stockholder value. In response to discussions with our investors around the structure of compensation for our executives, we have taken steps to enhance our compensation structure for certain officers, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 2 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ( CEO ), Patrick Dumont and all of our NEOs. These changes became effective March 2, 2026. Important changes to our executive compensation structure include: A greater proportion of at-risk compensation A greater proportion of equity compensation A broader range of metrics against which variable compensation will be measured The introduction of performance stock units, which include a multi-year performance period The elimination of income tax gross-ups related to specific perquisites that were included in previous agreements Additional details on the 2026 changes to our executive compensation structure are included unde r Recent Changes to Our Compensation Program. Executed significant capital projects in our Macao property portfolio Our executives were engaged in the execution of approximately $555 million of capital expenditure at our portfolio of assets in Macao throughout 2025. Much of the management focus related to the completion of the Londoner Grand, which delivered its full complement of 2,405 luxurious suites and rooms across two room towers in 2025. Our executives focused on the delivery of this asset as well as growing market-share in the Macao market and optimizing returns on capital employed. Developed and delivered strategic responses to a competitive Macao operating environment Our executives developed and delivered strategic responses to the evolving competitive operating environment in Macao, focusing on outstanding customer service and the delivery of luxurious experiences that are increasingly critical to success in the premium segment in Macao. Spending in the non-premium segment remained subdued. We delivered approximately flat annual Adjusted Property EBITDA in 2025, while completing the transition of the Sheraton towers to the Londoner Grand and introducing initiatives we expect to enhance our competitive positioning in 2026 and beyond. Continued our award-winning Corporate Responsibility Program PEOPLE COMMUNITIES PLANET Be the employer of choice leading the hospitality and tourism industry in the regions we serve Make our communities better places to live, work and visit Ensure the long-term environmental health of our regions as sustainable tourism destinations Recognition of our achievements and of global leadership in sustainability by independent third parties on a regional and global basis in 2025 include: Listed on the Dow Jones Best-in-Class World and North America Indices and earned top 10% in the casinos and gaming industry on the S P Global Sustainability Yearbook Earned a CDP A-List score for Climate Change and A- score for Water Security from this gold standard in environmental reporting Named one of Fortune s World s Most Admired Companies 2026, a compilation of the top global organizations rated on nine criteria, from investment value and quality of management and products to social responsibility and ability to attract talent Recognized by Newsweek for the fifth consecutive year as one of America s Most Responsible Companies Received distinction of Prime status by ISS ESG and included in the FTSE4Good Index Series, which recognizes companies demonstrating strong ESG practices and performance Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY AGENDA AND VOTING RECOMMENDATIONS FOR THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON BOARD VOTE RECOMMENDATION PAGE REFERENCE (FOR MORE DETAIL) PROPOSAL 1 Elect eight directors to the Board to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders FOR each nominee 80 PROPOSAL 2 Ratify the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm FOR 81 PROPOSAL 3 An advisory (non-binding) vote to approve the compensation of our NEOs FOR 82 4 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY OVERVIEW As the leading global developer and operator of destination Integrated Resorts, we recognize the responsibility we have to our Team Members, patrons, partners, communities and other stakeholders. Throughout our history, we have created positive economic impact in the regions where we operate by delivering valuable leisure and business tourism, providing tens of thousands of jobs, generating tax revenues to fund social programs and investing significant procurement spending in small and medium sized enterprises ( SMEs ). KEY COMPONENTS OF OUR CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG PROGRAMS Our corporate responsibility and ESG programs are comprised of the following initiatives and policies: Board oversight of the ESG program Supplier Code of Conduct Comprehensive annual ESG Report, which includes Global Reporting Initiative and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board disclosures Policy on Corporate Political Contributions and Expenditures and Disclosures Low-carbon Transition Plan with emission reduction goals approved by Science Based Targets initiative Reporting and Non-Retaliation Policy CDP Climate Change and Water Security disclosures ESG metrics for NEO at-risk compensation SME support programs in our local communities Anti-Corruption Policy Human Rights Statement Global training and development program Global Human Trafficking Prevention Policy Responsible gaming program Preventing Discrimination and Harassment Policy Global community engagement and charitable giving Sustainable Sourcing Policy Alignment with U.N. Sustainable Development Goals Code of Business Conduct and Ethics SANDS CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY PLATFORM Our commitment to corporate responsibility is fundamental to our business and represents a long-term investment in our Team Members, patrons and suppliers; the communities in which we operate; the global ecological environment; and all stakeholders in our business. People Our Team Members, patrons, suppliers and partners are instrumental in optimizing contributions to a thriving hospitality and tourism industry in our local regions. Recognizing that the exceptional service and amenities our Integrated Resorts provide and the responsible work we do in each of our communities are dependent upon the people who drive and patronize our business, we strive to be the employer and partner of choice in each of our global regions. Our human capital programs are focused on driving workforce development, culture and inclusion, human rights, responsible gaming and supplier advancement. Communities We are a committed collaborator in promoting our regions as desirable places to live, work and visit. Through our Sands Cares community engagement and charitable giving program, we strive to make our regions strong by improving quality of life and supporting the community s ability to respond to challenges. We are building regional resilience through hardship relief and community partner advancement. We are also working to preserve culture and heritage and advance educational opportunities for students, people with special needs and under-represented groups who face barriers to learning and opportunity. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY OVERVIEW Planet We are dedicated to minimizing our environmental impact and, as such, constantly evolving our Sands ECO360 global sustainability program to adapt to emerging trends, support new technologies and foster environmental stewardship in the areas of building design and development, resort management and operations, and meetings, events and entertainment. Our program is aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) and other key environmental standards in the areas of low-carbon transition, water stewardship, waste and materials and resources. Governance Our corporate responsibility commitment is built on the foundation of transparency to our stakeholders and accountability for our actions. We employ an extensive system of policies, procedures and oversight practices to help ensure all aspects of our business and extended relationships are managed responsibly. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY INITIATIVES Our global sustainability targets for 2021-2025 were aligned with the SDGs. Our emissions reduction targets were approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative and were aligned with The Paris Agreement to limit global warming to well-below 2 degrees Celsius. Our 2025 targets and 2025 performance for each of the Corporate Responsibility pillars included: PILLAR TARGET 2025 PERFORMANCE AND TOTAL PROGRAM PERFORMANCE Planet 17.5% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions from a 2018 baseline 54% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2025 from a 2018 baseline People $200 million investment in workforce development to enable career progression for our Team Members and advancement of the talent pool in the hospitality industry $53 million invested in 2025 ; $272 million cumulative investment from 2021-2025 Communities 250,000 volunteer hours in support of the communities in the markets where we operate 34,754 volunteer hours in 2025 ; 290,707 Team Member volunteer hours cumulatively since 2021 Our ESG Report, which is available at https://investor.sands.com/esg/default.aspx, also contains additional information on our corporate responsibility program, including data indices that reflect the reporting standards of the Global Reporting Initiative, the International Sustainable Standards Board, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. The information in our ESG Report and any other websites referenced in this proxy statement is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this proxy statement, and any references to websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 6 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROFILE Our commitment to corporate governance is integral to our business and reflects not only regulatory requirements, New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) listing standards and broadly recognized governance practices, but also effective leadership and oversight by our executive officers and Board. We have structured our corporate governance in a manner that we believe closely aligns our interests with those of our stockholders. Notable features of our corporate governance framework includ e the following: WHAT WE DO Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations - the Board and each committee annually conduct a comprehensive self-evaluation process, which is administered by an independent third party Systemic Risk Oversight by Board and Committees - our Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight, while each of our Audit, Compensation, Compliance and Nominating and Governance Committees monitor and address risks within the scope of their particular expertise or charter Entirely Independent Committees - all of the members of our Audit, Compensation, Compliance and Nominating and Governance Committees are independent Audit Committee Financial Literacy - all of the members of our Audit Committee qualify as financially literate as required by the NYSE and meet the Securities and Exchange Commission s ( SEC s ) definition of an Audit Committee Financial Expert Stock Ownership Requirements - beginning in 2026, our directors and executive officers are subject to stock ownership requirements Detailed Disclosure of Political Contributions - we have adopted a Policy on Corporate Political Contributions and Expenditures and publish periodic reports disclosing this activity WHAT WE DON T DO X No Classified Board - all of our directors are elected annually for one-year terms X No Hedging of Our Securities - our anti-hedging policy prohibits our directors and officers from engaging in any hedging or monetization transactions involving our securities X No Option Trading or Short Selling of Our Securities - none of our directors and officers are permitted to trade in puts, calls or other derivatives in respect of Company securities or sell Company securities short X No Poison Pill or Stockholder Rights Plan - we do not have a poison pill or stockholder rights plan X No Pledging of Our Securities - none of our officers or directors are permitted to hold Company securities in a margin account or pledge our securities as collateral for a loan Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT During 2025 , we engaged with representatives of the majority of our largest institutional stockholders. They include the largest active- management and passive investors with an ownership position in our common stock. Principal areas of discussion included: executive compensation corporate responsibility, including ESG issues Board composition Company strategy operating performance capital investment and development opportunities return of capital to stockholders The following diagram provides an overview of the Company s stockholder engagement practice: CONTACT Conduct year-round conversations in which we reach out directly to and respond to inquiries from stockholder representatives, including those responsible for ESG LISTEN Establish dialogue to enhance our understanding of stockholder views RESPOND Take stockholder dialogue into account as we implement our strategies We have developed and implemented a program to actively and transparently engage with our stockholders. The structure of our program reflects our belief that strong corporate governance includes the commitment to establish dialogue with stockholders and to provide the opportunity for questions and concerns to be explored and discussed. We have a long- established investor outreach program designed to facilitate direct stockholder engagement and to solicit stockholder views and input. This includes engagement with portfolio managers and analysts with investment allocation responsibility, as well as representatives of our stockholders that have specific responsibility for corporate governance and ESG matters. We continuously conduct an extensive global program of direct investor outreach through a combination of investor conferences, investor road-shows and one-on-one investor meetings, video conferences and teleconferences. Our outreach program reflects our geographically diverse stockholder base and is designed to ensure we understand and consider all issues of importance to our stockholders. An important element of our stockholder engagement process is to understand any areas of particular concern. Throughout 2025 , we engaged directly with the asset stewardship departments (or the closest equivalent contacts) at our 50 largest institutional investors to offer the opportunity to discuss any material issues of concern. Those 50 largest institutional investors represented approximately 91% of the shares outstanding (excluding stock held by our controlling stockholder) and included all institutional investors with more than one million shares outstanding. We also undertook calls with all other stockholders outside the 50 largest that requested the opportunity to discuss the say-on-pay vote, in order to receive feedback on our compensation program structure . 8 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents In response to these discussions, we have taken steps to further enhance the pay-for-performance alignment and at-risk nature of our compensation structure for our NEOs, including our Chairman and CEO, Patrick Dumont. These changes became effective March 2, 2026, and for our Chairman and CEO are as follows: WHAT WE HEARD WHAT WE DID CEO base salary is too high We lowered the base salary of the CEO role by 17% CEO compensation should have a higher proportion of at-risk components and higher proportion of equity versus cash We changed our approach to executive compensation to include higher proportions of at-risk components and equity At-risk components (at target) for our CEO increased overall from 84% to 91% compared to 2025, with at-risk equity components increasing from 52% to 68% of total compensation and at-risk cash components decreasing from 32% to 23% A wider range of metrics against which to measure executive management incentive compensation should be incorporated into our executive compensation philosophy CEO compensation metrics include multiple operational metrics and additional financial metrics over and above an Adjusted EBITDA* target (operating cash flow per share growth and Adjusted EBITDA* growth) A greater proportion of compensation should be determined by multi-year measurement of performance metrics 50% of long-term incentives consist of performance stock units, which are based on a three-year measurement period for operating cash flow per share growth and Adjusted EBITDA* growth Elimination of income tax gross-up of certain perquisites No tax gross-ups on perquisites * As defined in Recent Changes to Our Compensation Program Key Changes to our Executive Compensation Program Additional details are included under Recent Changes to Our Compensation Program. This dialogue on executive compensation, corporate responsibility, ESG and other matters of stockholder interest is fundamental to our relationship with our stockholders. We believe this valuable input provides important perspective as we seek to deliver stockholder value. ADOPTION OF STOCK OWNERSHIP REQUIREMENTS To more closely align director and officer compensation with the interests of our stockholders, in March 2026, the Compensation Committee adopted a policy requiring each of our non-employee directors and executive officers to own shares of our common stock in the amounts shown below within five years from the date each person first becomes subject to the requirements. ROLE ANNUAL BASE SALARY MULTIPLE CEO 8x All Other Executive Officers 3x ROLE A NNUAL CASH RETAINER BOARD SERVICE MULTIPLE Non-Employee Director 5x As of March 16, 2026, each of our current executive officers satisfies the applicable stock ownership requirement above as they hold the required number of shares, and each of our non-employee directors satisfies the applicable stock ownership requirement above, either because an individual holds the required number of shares or is still within the five-year window of becoming subject to the requirements. In connection with the implementation of these stock ownership requirements, the Compensation Committee approved revisions to the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Award Plan to remove a requirement that non-employee directors hold all restricted stock received from the Company as compensation for their service as a Board member while continuing to serve as a director. This change applies to restricted stock awards previously granted to non-employee directors as well as restricted stock awards that are granted to non-employee directors going forward. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents RECENT CHANGES TO OUR COMPENSATION PROGRAM In March 2026, following an extensive and comprehensive review of our executive compensation program, including a detailed assessment of peer company practices, evolving market standards and direct stockholder feedback, the Compensation Committee approved significant enhancements to our compensation framework to further reinforce our longstanding commitment to pay-for-performance alignment (the New Compensation Framework ) and entered into new employment agreements with our Chairman and CEO, Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Randy Hyzak, and our Executive Vice President, Global General Counsel and Secretary, D. Zachary Hudson (the New Employment Agreements ). The Compensation Committee s objective was to ensure that a substantial majority of executive compensation is at-risk, performance-based and directly linked to the Company s strategic priorities, financial results and long-term stockholder value creation. Details regarding the changes to our compensation program are set forth below. COMPENSATION BEST PRACTICES Our executive compensation program reflects key executive compensation practices that promote good governance and serve the interests of our stockholders, as follows: WHAT WE DO * Further align our executive compensation structure with the interests of our stockholders by using additional performance measures the New Compensation Framework is structured so that a larger proportion of executive compensation is at-risk in order to link executive compensation to our stockholders interests * Utilize both financial and operational measures in our executive compensation program the Compensation Committee believes that the use of both financial and operational metrics focuses our executives on results that align with our stockholders interests * Disclose our new incentive plan performance results the Compensation Committee is committed to transparency in executive compensation where doing so is not otherwise harmful to the Company s long-term interests * Provide for stock ownership requirements for our directors and executive officers our directors and executive officers have stock ownership requirements to align their interests with those of our stockholders; our CEO is expected to own 8 times his base salary, our other executive officers are expected to own 3 times their base salary and our non-employee directors are expected to own 5 times their annual cash retainer for Board service Establish caps on maximum payouts the Compensation Committee sets maximum amounts that may be payable for annual cash incentive compensation and performance-based restricted stock units Retain an independent executive compensation consultant the Compensation Committee s compensation consultant does not provide any other services to the Company Include ESG metrics in our performance-based compensation the Company is committed to corporate responsibility, including ESG issues, and accordingly believes that it is important to include an ESG component in executive compensation Maintain clawback policies for our cash and equity incentive awards the Compensation Committee will recover erroneous incentive compensation paid or awarded based on financial measures that are required to be restated * Represents new compensation best practices added in March 2026. 10 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents WHAT WE DON T DO X* No income tax gross-ups for executive compensation beginning in March 2026, we do not provide income tax gross-ups to our executives for perquisites X No guaranteed annual cash incentive awards our annual cash incentive awards are entirely at-risk X No payment of dividends or dividend equivalents on any unvested equity awards prior to vesting we do not pay dividends and dividend equivalents on unvested time-based restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units, unless and until the underlying award vests X No supplemental executive retirement plans we do not offer supplemental retirement plans to our executive officers X No repricing of stock options our equity plan does not permit the repricing or substitution of underwater stock options without stockholder approval X No single-trigger vesting or benefits solely upon the occurrence of a change in control vesting and benefits in a change in control scenario are double-trigger * Represents new compensation best practices added in March 2026. KEY CHANGES TO OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM Our executive cash incentive plan establishes a program of short-term incentive compensation awards for our NEOs and other key executives that is directly related to our operating and financial results (the Executive Cash Incentive Plan ). As part of the New Compensation Framework, the Compensation Committee approved a revised Executive Cash Incentive Plan designed to provide a more balanced and rigorous performance framework. Beginning in 2026, annual cash incentive awards will be determined based on a combination of financial and non-financial components, weighted 75% and 25%, respectively. The financial component emphasizes profitability, growth and operational efficiency while the non-financial component incorporates strategic and operational objectives to support sustainable long-term value creation. The core metric utilized for the financial component is Adjusted Property EBITDA, reduced for corporate expenses and adjusted for other items as described in the plan and approved by the Compensation Committee ( Adjusted EBITDA ). The Compensation Committee believes this structure appropriately incentivizes the achievement of near-term operating and financial results while also reinforcing accountability for strategic execution, risk management and organizational development. In addition, the Compensation Committee enhanced the Company s long-term incentive program to further align executive rewards with sustained stockholder returns. Annual equity awards for our NEOs now consist of 50% time-based restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and 50% performance-based restricted stock units ( PSUs ) to be granted on a forward-looking basis beginning in 2026. The introduction of a substantial PSU component increases the proportion of compensation that is contingent upon the achievement of multi-year performance goals and strengthens the linkage between realized pay and long-term Company performance. The Compensation Committee believes this balanced equity structure promotes retention while ensuring that a meaningful portion of executive compensation is earned only upon the delivery of sustained results over the performance period. In connection with the adoption of the New Compensation Framework, the Compensation Committee also approved the New Employment Agreements. For more details, refer to New Employment Agreements below. These changes, along with the elimination of income tax gross-ups on certain perquisites, were effective March 2, 2026, and reflect the Compensation Committee s continued focus on aligning executive incentives with stockholder interests, reinforcing performance accountability and maintaining a competitive, market-based compensation program designed to attract, retain and motivate high-caliber leadership. The new employment agreements with Mr. Dumont, Mr. Hyzak and Mr. Hudson include the annual cash incentive opportunity structure and the long-term incentive opportunity structure that will be applicable for executive officer compensation beginning in 2026, as set forth in the tables below. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents RECENT CHANGES TO OUR COMPENSATION PROGRAM ANNUAL CASH INCENTIVE OPPORTUNITY The annual cash incentive opportunity includes two components: one financial and one operational. The weighting of the components reflects a percentage of the individual NEO s target annual cash incentive amount, which is a multiple of base salary. In the event that only one component is achieved, the NEO will still be eligible to receive an annual cash incentive award based on that achievement only. Component Weighting Performance Criteria Payment Amount Level of Achievement Payout as % of Weighted Component* Financial 75% Adjusted EBITDA performance compared to target Threshold: 85% 50% Target: 100% 100% Maximum: 115% 200% *Subject to linear adjustment for actual performance between Threshold, Target and Maximum Operational 25% Execution compared to metrics aligned with the Company s operational and strategic objectives: Strategic investment Guest experience Dedicated employer Sustainability Compliance The Compensation Committee has the discretion to determine the payout of the Operational component based on the actual achievement of the metrics LONG-TERM INCENTIVE OPPORTUNITY The long-term incentive opportunity includes two components: PSUs and RSUs. The weighting of the components reflects a percentage of the individual NEO s target long-term incentive amount, which is a multiple of base salary. Component Weighting Number of Units Vesting / Performance Criteria Payment Amount Level of Achievement Payout as % of Weighted Component* PSUs 50% Target dollar value of PSU award divided by 30-day volume weighted average share price on the date of grant Cliff vest at the end of a three-year period based on achievement of performance criteria, and subject to continued employment through the determination date: 50% based on Adjusted EBITDA growth for the three- year period compared to target 50% based on operating cash flow per share growth for the three-year period compared to target Threshold: 80% 50% Target: 100% 100% Maximum: 120% 200% *Subject to linear adjustment for actual performance between Threshold, Target and Maximum RSUs 50% Target dollar value of RSU award divided by 30-day volume weighted average share price on the date of grant Vest annually over a three-year period, subject to continued employment 12 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM CHANGES Comparison of 2025 and 2026 Executive Compensation Programs The table below summarizes the key differences between our previous executive compensation program and the New Compensation Framework: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM CHANGES Pay Elements 2025 2026 - New Compensation Framework Base Salary Fixed annual amount, paid in cash Mr. Goldstein*: $3 million Mr. Dumont: $2.5 million Mr. Hyzak: $1.2 million Mr. Hudson: $1.3 million Fixed annual amount, paid in cash Mr. Dumont: $2.5 million Mr. Hyzak: $1.35 million Mr. Hudson: $1.6 million Annual Cash Incentive Target was a multiple of base salary, awarded in cash, based on one financial metric (Adjusted EBITDA) with an ESG modifier Amount was subject to payout leverage based on achievement of financial target payable at between 85% and 115% of target Target is a multiple of base salary, awarded in cash, broken down into two components: (1) Financial component (75% of target) with a payout ranging from 50% to 200%, depending on the level of achievement from 85% to 115% Financial metric : Adjusted EBITDA (2) Operational component (25% of target), based on execution of metrics aligned with Company s operational and strategic objectives, as determined by the Compensation Committee Operational metrics : designed to align with our operational and strategic objectives and encompass capital expenditures, guest experience, employee turnover, sustainability and compliance Long-Term Incentive Target was a multiple of base salary, awarded in RSUs, based on one financial metric (Adjusted EBITDA) with an ESG modifier Amount was subject to payout leverage based on achievement of financial target payable at between 85% and 115% of target Once awarded based on the achievement of the financial target, RSUs vested annually over a three-year period Long-term incentives were backward-looking in other words, they were awarded in the beginning of the year following the year in which the compensation was earned Target is a multiple of base salary, broken down into two components: (1) RSUs (50% of target) Vest annually over a three-year period (2) PSUs (50% of target) 50% of PSUs based on Adjusted EBITDA growth 50% of PSUs based on operating cash flow per share growth Cliff vest at the end of a three-year period based on achievement of above specified metrics and subject to payout ranging from 50% to 200% depending on level of achievement from 80% to 120% Three-year measurement period for performance criteria Long-term incentives are now forward-looking in other words, they will be granted in the beginning of the performance period in which the compensation will be earned, with performance of the PSU component being determined at the end of the three-year achievement period and the PSU award being adjusted accordingly Other Income tax gross-up on certain perquisites for Mr. Goldstein and Mr. Dumont No income tax gross-up on any perquisites for executive officers * Mr. Goldstein transitioned to the role of Senior Advisor, effective March 1, 2026. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents RECENT CHANGES TO OUR COMPENSATION PROGRAM Comparison of Annual Compensation Mix under Previous and New Employment Agreements Base Salary Base Salary Long-Term Incentive Long-Term Incentive 84% AT RISK 91% AT RISK Short-Term Incentive Short-Term Incentive Base Salary Base Salary Long-Term Incentive Long-Term Incentive 79% AT RISK 84% AT RISK Short-Term Incentive Short-Term Incentive The above illustrations demonstrate the annual compensation mix for the other NEOs using the compensation of Mr. Dumont, Mr. Hyzak and Mr. Hudson for 2025 and the compensation of Mr. Hyzak and Mr. Hudson for 2026. The above compensation mixes under the employment agreements in effect in 2025 (the 2025 Employment Agreements ) and under the New Employment Agreements reflect the following: Short-Term Incentive reflects an annual cash incentive opportunity Long-Term Incentive reflects an annual equity award opportunity, which under the 2025 Employment Agreements consisted of an RSU award, and under the New Compensation Framework consists of 50% RSUs and 50% PSUs The mix assumes at target achievement of goals The mix excludes benefits such as security, personal aircraft usage and health coverage The amounts represented above are the contractual annual target amounts pursuant to the applicable employment agreements. Actual amounts earned may differ for the applicable year. The principal components of annual compensation and their key objectives for our NEOs are set forth below and are described in more detail under Major Elements of Named Executive Officer Compensation : base salary short-term incentives (annual cash incentive awards) long-term incentives (annual equity awards) personal benefits 14 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents NEW EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS In March 2026, we entered into the New Employment Agreements. Changes to Mr. Dumont s role and title reflect the implementation of the previously mentioned succession plan under Board Leadership Structure below. The New Employment Agreements were implemented to reflect: (i) Mr. Dumont s new role and responsibilities and (ii) stockholder feedback regarding certain components of our previous employment agreements. We use multi-year employment agreements to foster retention and succession planning, to be competitive and to protect the business with restrictive covenants, such as non-competition, non-solicitation and confidentiality provisions. The employment agreements provide for severance pay in the event of the involuntary termination of the executive s employment without cause (or, where applicable, termination for good reason), which allows these executives to remain focused on the Company s interests and, where applicable, serves as consideration for the restrictive covenants in their employment agreements. New Employment Agreement Terms Individual employment agreement terms and compensation for our NEOs in effect for 2026 are summarized as follows: MR. DUMONT Employment Agreement Term Effective as of March 2, 2026 Expires on March 2, 2031 Base Salary $2,500,000 Annual Cash Incentive Mr. Dumont has a target annual cash incentive opportunity of 250% of his base salary, or $6,250,000, subject to his achievement of performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee. Long-Term Incentive Mr. Dumont has a target long-term incentive opportunity equal to 725% of his base salary, or $18,125,000, subject in part to his achievement of performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee. Personal Benefits* Mr. Dumont is entitled to: Security services and utilization of Company-owned jet aircraft for business and personal purposes, for the benefit of the Company at the Company s expense, and pursuant to the advice of an independent security consultant and the approval of the Compensation Committee. The personal use of Company-owned jet aircraft constitutes taxable income to Mr. Dumont. At his election, first class travel on commercial airlines for all business trips and first class hotel accommodations. The personal use of Company personnel, facilities and services on a limited basis and subject to the receipt of appropriate approvals. Mr. Dumont is required to reimburse the Company in full for the foregoing, except to the extent that the foregoing constitutes taxable income. Mr. Dumont participates in a group supplemental medical insurance program available to certain of our senior officers. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents RECENT CHANGES TO OUR COMPENSATION PROGRAM MR. HYZAK Employment Agreement Term Effective as of March 2, 2026 Expires on March 2, 2031 Base Salary $1,350,000 Annual Cash Incentive Mr. Hyzak has a target annual cash incentive opportunity of 200% of his base salary, or $2,700,000, subject to his achievement of performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee. Long-Term Incentive Mr. Hyzak has a target long-term incentive opportunity equal to 250% of his base salary, or $3,375,000, subject in part to his achievement of performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee. Personal Benefits* Mr. Hyzak is entitled to: The personal use of Company personnel, facilities and services on a limited basis and subject to the receipt of appropriate approvals. Mr. Hyzak is required to reimburse the Company in full for the foregoing, except to the extent that the foregoing constitutes taxable income. Additionally, utilization of Company-owned jet aircraft for personal purposes constitutes taxable income to Mr. Hyzak. Mr. Hyzak participates in a group supplemental medical insurance program available to certain of our senior officers. MR. HUDSON Employment Agreement Term Effective as of March 2, 2026 Expires on March 2, 2031 Base Salary $1,600,000 Annual Cash Incentive Mr. Hudson has a target annual cash incentive opportunity of 200% of his base salary, or $3,200,000, subject to his achievement of performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee. Long-Term Incentive Mr. Hudson has a target long-term incentive opportunity equal to 425% of his base salary, or $6,800,000, subject in part to his achievement of performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee. Personal Benefits* Mr. Hudson is entitled to: The personal use of Company personnel, facilities and services on a limited basis and subject to the receipt of appropriate approvals. Mr. Hudson is required to reimburse the Company in full for the foregoing, except to the extent that the foregoing constitutes taxable income. Additionally, utilization of Company-owned jet aircraft for personal purposes constitutes taxable income to Mr. Hudson. Mr. Hudson participates in a group supplemental medical insurance program available to certain of our senior officers. * The Compensation Committee believes providing these personal benefits to our executives is appropriate as it facilitates our executives performance of their duties. 16 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Benefits upon Termination or Change in Control under the New Employment Agreements The New Employment Agreements provide for payments and the continuation of benefits upon certain terminations of employment from the Company. The following summaries are qualified in all respects by the terms of the applicable New Employment Agreements and applicable law. Equity awards granted to Mr. Dumont, Mr. Hyzak and Mr. Hudson following the effective date of the New Employment Agreements will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable award agreements (the Equity Award Agreements ). Upon a qualifying termination or change in control for Mr. Dumont, Mr. Hyzak or Mr. Hudson after such time, unvested RSUs and PSUs will be treated as follows under the Equity Award Agreements: REASON FOR TERMINATION UNVESTED RSUs PSUs Company Terminates NEO Without Cause (Other Than Due to Death or Disability) or NEO Resigns for Good Reason Prorated portion of RSUs vest immediately Prorated portion of PSUs remain outstanding and eligible to vest at the end of the three-year performance period, based on actual performance Company Terminates NEO Without Cause (Other Than Due to Death or Disability) or NEO Resigns for Good Reason Within 24 Months Following a Change in Control Immediate vesting of full award for a qualifying termination within 24 months following a change in control Upon a change in control, all PSUs are converted into time-based RSUs based on either (i) actual performance levels through last completed quarter prior to the change in control or (ii) such level as determined by the Compensation Committee in its good faith discretion. Once converted into time-based RSUs, immediate vesting of full award for a qualifying termination within 24 months following a change in control Death or Disability Immediate vesting of full award Immediate vesting of full award at target performance level Retirement (defined as 55 and at least 10 years of service; applicable only to grants made at least six months before retirement) Immediate vesting of full award Prorated portion of PSUs remain outstanding and eligible to vest at the end of the three-year performance period, based on actual performance Termination for Cause All unvested RSUs canceled All PSUs canceled Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents RECENT CHANGES TO OUR COMPENSATION PROGRAM Pursuant to the New Employment Agreements, the Company is obligated to pay or provide to each of Mr. Dumont, Mr. Hyzak and Mr. Hudson (or his estate) the following under the various termination scenarios: REASON FOR TERMINATION NEOS ARE ENTITLED TO: Company Terminates NEO for Cause NEO Accrued Benefits consisting of: base salary through the date of termination of employment reimbursement for expenses incurred, but not paid, prior to such termination of employment, subject to the receipt of supporting information by the Company such other vested benefits as may be provided in applicable plans and programs of the Company, according to the terms and conditions of such plans and programs Company Terminates NEO Without Cause (Other Than Due to Death or Disability) or NEO Resigns for Good Reason NEO Accrued Benefits a payment of his base salary plus his target bonus, paid over 12 months post termination of employment any unpaid bonus for the calendar year preceding the date of termination of employment pro-rata target bonus for the year of termination for Mr. Dumont and Mr. Hyzak, accelerated vesting of equity awards granted prior to March 2, 2026 for Mr. Hudson, accelerated vesting of the portion of the Second Amendment Option Grant that would have already vested as of the termination date had the Second Amendment Option Grant been subject to annual pro-rata vesting commencing on the grant date treatment of all other equity awards in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Equity Award Agreements continued participation in the health and welfare benefit plans of the Company and employer contributions to non-qualified retirement plans and deferred compensation plans, if any, for one year following the date of termination Company Terminates NEO Without Cause (Other Than Due to Death or Disability) or NEO Resigns for Good Reason within 24 months following a Change in Control NEO Accrued Benefits a lump sum payment in the amount of two times the sum of his base salary plus target bonus any unpaid bonus for the calendar year preceding the date of termination of employment pro-rata target bonus for the year of termination accelerated vesting of equity awards granted prior to March 2, 2026 treatment of all other equity awards in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Equity Award Agreements continued participation in the health and welfare benefit plans of the Company and employer contributions to non-qualified retirement plans and deferred compensation plans, if any, for two years following the date of termination Death or Disability NEO Accrued Benefits continuation of base salary for 12 months following termination of employment, less any Company-provided short-term disability or life insurance proceeds any unpaid bonus for the calendar year preceding the date of termination of employment accelerated vesting of equity awards granted prior to March 2, 2026 treatment of all other equity awards in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Equity Award Agreements 18 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents The reasons for termination are defined in the New Employment Agreements for each of Mr. Dumont, Mr. Hyzak and Mr. Hudson as follows: DEFINITION DESCRIPTION Cause he is convicted of a felony or a crime involving misappropriation of any material funds or material property of the Company or any of its affiliates he commits fraud or embezzlement with respect to the Company or any of its affiliates he commits any material act of dishonesty relating to his employment by the Company, resulting in direct or indirect personal gain or enrichment at the expense of to the Company or any of its affiliates he uses alcohol or drugs that render him materially unable to perform the functions of his job or to carry out his duties to the Company and he fails to correct the situation following written notice he commits a material breach of his new employment agreement and he fails to correct the situation following written notice he commits any act or acts of serious and willful misconduct (including disclosure of confidential information) that is likely to cause a material adverse effect on the business of the Company or any of its affiliates and he fails to correct the situation following written notice his gaming license is withdrawn with prejudice, denied, revoked or suspended due to personal unsuitability by any of the gaming authorities with jurisdiction over the Company or its affiliates Good Reason for Mr. Dumont, the Company s removal of him from the position of CEO or President of the Company for Mr. Hyzak, the Company s removal of him from the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company for Mr. Hudson, the Company s removal of him from the position of Executive Vice President and Global General Counsel of the Company for Mr. Dumont, a material adverse change in his status, position, privileges, duties or responsibilities (which shall include his ceasing to be the CEO or President of a publicly-traded company or any adverse change in the reporting relationship) for Mr. Hyzak, a material adverse change in his status, position, privileges, duties or responsibilities (which shall include his ceasing to be the Chief Financial Officer of a publicly traded company or any adverse change in the reporting relationship) for Mr. Hudson, a material adverse change in his status, position, privileges, duties or responsibilities (which shall include his ceasing to be the Global General Counsel of a publicly traded company or any adverse change in the reporting relationship) a material adverse change in the location of the Company s principal office the Company s material breach of its obligations under the New Employment Agreements or any plan documents or agreements of the Company No purported termination for Good Reason will be effective unless the Company fails to cure the facts or events creating Good Reason within 30 days after written notice is delivered by the NEO to the Company. Change in Control Refer to Executive Compensation Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control Change in Control Arrangements for details Disability The NEO shall, in the opinion of an independent physician selected by agreement between the Board of Directors and the NEO, become so physically or mentally incapacitated that he is unable to perform the duties of his employment Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The Company is a controlled company, wi th the Adelson family members beneficially owning 386,657,840 shares representing approximately 58.2% of the Company s outstanding Common Stock as of March 16, 2026 The following table sets forth information as of March 16, 2026 , as to the beneficial ownership of our common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock ), in each case, by: each person known to us to be the beneficial owner, in an individual capacity or as a member of a group, of more than 5% of our Common Stock; each NEO; each of our directors; and all of our executive officers and directors, taken together. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP (1) NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER (2) SHARES PERCENT (%) Dr. Miriam Adelson (3)(4) 341,442,911 51.4% Sheldon G. Adelson 2007 Remainder Trust (3)(5) 87,718,919 13.2% Sheldon G. Adelson 2007 Friends and Family Trust (3)(6) 87,718,918 13.2% The Vanguard Group (7) 42,347,909 6.4% Robert G. Goldstein (8) 722,057 * Patrick Dumont (9) 2,072,107 * Randy Hyzak (10) 666,343 * D. Zachary Hudson (11) 541,766 * Mark Besca (12) 6,374 * Irwin Chafetz (3)(13) 350,315,397 52.8% Micheline Chau (14) 31,345 * Charles D. Forman (15) 187,828 * Lewis Kramer (16) 38,037 * Alain Li (17) 11,713 * Micky Pant (18) 29,334 * All current executive officers and directors of our Company, taken together (10 persons) (19) 3,655,796 * * Less than 1%. (1) A person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of such security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Securities that can be so acquired are deemed to be outstanding for purposes of computing such person s ownership percentage, but not for purposes of computing any other person s percentage. Under these rules, more 20 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of such securities as to which such person has no economic interest. Except as otherwise indicated in these footnotes, each of the beneficial owners has, to our knowledge, the sole voting and investment power with respect to the indicated shares of Common Stock. Percentages are based on 663,618,211 shares issued and outstanding at the close of business on March 16, 2026 (including unvested shares of restricted stock, but excluding treasury shares), plus any shares of our Common Stock underlying options held by all individuals listed on the table that are vested and exercisable. (2) Unless otherwise specified, the address of each person named in this table is c/o Las Vegas Sands Corp., 5420 S. Durango Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada 89113. (3) Dr. Miriam Adels on, Irwin Chafetz, the Sheldon G. Adelson 2007 Remainder Trust and the Sheldon G. Adelson 2007 Friends and Family Trust constitute a group that, as of March 16, 2026 , collectively beneficially owned 386,728,789 shares of our Common Stock, or 58.2% of the total number of shares issued and outstanding as of that date, for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Each of the foregoing persons may be deemed to beneficially own certain shares beneficially owned by the other persons in such group. (4) This amount includes (a) 35,851,814 shares of our Common Stock held by trusts or custodial accounts for the benefit of Dr. Adelson s family members over which Dr. Adelson, as trustee or in another fiduciary capacity, retains sole voting control and dispositive power, (b) 238,485,060 shares of our Common Stock held by trusts for the benefit of Dr. Adelson and her family members over which Dr. Adelson, as trustee, shares dispositive power, of which 2,208,548 of these shares, Dr. Adelson also shares voting control, (c) 66,544,459 shares of our Common Stock held by trusts for the benefit of Dr. Adelson s family members over which Dr. Adelson, as trustee, retains sole dispositive power and (d) options to purchase 561,578 shares of our Common Stock held by a trust for the benefit of Dr. Adelson over which Dr. Adelson, as trustee, has sole voting and dispositive control. (5) This amount includes 87,718,919 shares of our Common Stock held by the Sheldon G. Adelson 2007 Remainder Trust. (6) This amount includes 87,718,918 shares of our Common Stock held by the Sheldon G. Adelson 2007 Friends and Family Trust. (7) Based solely upon the number of shares listed in the Schedule 13G filed by The Vanguard Group on November 12, 2024. The address of The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. (8) This amount includes 722,057 shares of our Common Stock held by The Robert and Sheryl Goldstein Trust. (9) This amount includes (a) 510,367 shares of our Common Stock held by Mr. Dumont and (b) options to purchase 1,561,740 shares of our Common Stock that are vested and exercisable. (10) This amount includes (a) 87,641 shares of our Common Stock held by Mr. Hyzak and (b) options to purchase 578,702 shares of our Common Stock that are vested and exercisable. (11) This amount includes (a) 45,023 shares of our Common Stock held by Mr. Hudson and (b) options to purchase 496,743 shares of our Common Stock that are vested and exercisable. (12) This amount includes (a) 4,746 restricted stock awards that vest within 60 days of March 16, 2026 and (b) options to purchase 1,628 shares of our Common Stock that are vested and exercisable. (13) This amount includes (a) 66,203 shares of our Common Stock held by Mr. Chafetz, (b) 4,746 restricted stock awards that vest within 60 days of March 16, 2026 , (c) 237,626,512 shares of our Common Stock held by trusts or entities for the benefit of members of the Adelson family over which Mr. Chafetz, as trustee or manager, retains sole voting control and shares dispositive power, (d) 43,864,929 shares of our Common Stock held by trusts for the benefit of members of the Adelson family over which Mr. Chafetz, as trustee, retains sole voting control and dispositive power, (e) 66,544,459 shares of our Common Stock held by trusts for the benefit of members of the Adelson family over which Mr. Chafetz, as trustee, retains sole voting control and (f) 2,208,548 shares of our Common Stock held by a trust for the benefit of members of the Adelson family over which Mr. Chafetz, as trustee, shares voting and dispositive power. Mr. Chafetz disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of our Common Stock held by any trust for which he acts as trustee, and this disclosure shall not be deemed an admission that Mr. Chafetz is a beneficial owner of such shares for any purpose. (14) This amount includes (a) 26,599 shares of our Common Stock held by Ms. Chau and (b) 4,746 restricted stock awards that vest within 60 days of March 16, 2026 . (15) This amount includes (a) 183,082 shares of our Common Stock held by Mr. Forman and (b) 4,746 restricted stock awards that vest within 60 days of March 16, 2026 . (16) This amount includes (a) 22,642 shares of our Common Stock held by Mr. Kramer, (b) 4,746 restricted stock awards that vest within 60 days of March 16, 2026 and (c) options to purchase 10,649 shares of our Common Stock that are vested and exercisable. (17) This amount includes (a) 4,237 shares of our Common Stock held by Mr. Li, (b) 4,746 restricted stock awards held by Mr. Li that vest within 60 days of March 16, 2026 and (c) options to purchase 2,730 shares of our Common Stock that are vested and exercisable. (18) This amount includes (a) 23,000 shares held by the Pant Family Revocable Trust, (b) 4,746 restricted stock awards that vest within 60 days of March 16, 2026 and (c) options to purchase 1,588 shares of our Common Stock that are vested and exercisable. (19) This amount includes (a) 33,222 restricted stock awards held by the Company's current directors that vest within 60 days of March 16, 2026 and (b) options to purchase 2,653,780 shares of our Common Stock that are vested and exercisable and held by the Company s current executive officers and current directors . This amount does not include the 350,244,448 shares of Common Stock Mr. Chafetz has beneficial ownership of as a trustee or manager of the trusts referenced in footnote 13 above. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES ABOUT THE BOARD Our Board currently has eight directors. The term of office of the current directors will expire at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Stockholders are being asked to consider each of the following eight nominees to serve as director until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their respective successor has been duly elected and qualified or until such director s resignation, disqualification, death or removal: Patrick Dumont, Mark Besca, Irwin Chafetz, Micheline Chau, Charles D. Forman, Lewis Kramer, Alain Li and Micky Pant. Each of the nominees is a current director of the Company who has indicated they will serve if elected. We do not anticipate any of the nominees will be unable or unwilling to serve, if elected, but if that happens, it is the intention of the persons named in the proxies to select and cast their votes for the election of such other person or persons as the Board may designate. Our current directors bring a variety of experiences and core competencies we believe are important to overseeing the strategic execution and risk management of our Company s operations. The complexities of our Integrated Resort operations include five primary revenue categories, six operating segments and significant development and construction initiatives. Strict adherence to gaming and other regulations in various jurisdictions is essential. The ability to provide the appropriate oversight and risk assessment responsibilities is demonstrated in our directors professional careers, which include: C-suite level positions at global companies, including those in: gaming, hospitality and meetings, incentives, conventions and exhibitions ( MICE ); retail, marketing and branding; entertainment; and companies with a strong presence in Asia; Participation on other global public company boards; Financial transactions and corporate finance experience; and Accounting, auditing and internal control experience in working with global Fortune 500 public companies. In addition to the specific professional experience of our directors, we select our directors because they are highly accomplished in their respective fields, insightful and inquisitive. We believe each of our directors possesses sound business judgment and is highly ethical. We consider a wide range of factors in determining the composition of our Board, including background, expertise and professional experience. 22 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents BOARD COMPOSITION 50s 80s 5-9 yrs 9 YEARS AVERAGE TENURE 72 YEARS AVERAGE AGE 0-4 yrs 60s 70s 10-20 yrs 20 yrs+ SKILLS EXPERTISE The table below summarizes the key qualifications, skills and attributes of the Board. Our director nominees biographies describe each director s background and relevant experience in more detail. QUALIFICATIONS, EXPERTISE ATTRIBUTES DUMONT BESCA CHAFETZ FORMAN CHAU KRAMER LI PANT Accounting/Audit/Finance Senior Leadership Compliance/Governance/ Legal Hospitality/Gaming/MICE Retail/Marketing/Branding Public Company Board Experience THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR ALL NOMINEES LISTED BELOW. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES BIOGRAPHIES Below are the backgrounds of our director nominees: PATRICK DUMONT Age: 51 Director since: 2017 Committees: None Mr. Dumont s experience in management, development and corporate finance and his positions and tenure with the Company led the Board to conclude he would be a valuable member of our Board. Experience Mr. Dumont was appointed as the Company s Chairman, CEO, President and Treasurer, effective March 1, 2026. Prior to that, he served as the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer beginning January 2021. He previously served as the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from March 2016 to January 2021, the Company s Principal Financial Officer from February 2016 to March 2016, the Company s Senior Vice President, Finance and Strategy from September 2013 to February 2016 and the Company s Vice President, Corporate Strategy from June 2010 to August 2013. Additionally, effective March 1, 2026, Mr. Dumont was appointed as Chairman of the Board of the Company s subsidiary, SCL; prior to that, he served as a non-executive member of the SCL Board beginning August 8, 2025. Mr. Dumont is the son-in-law of Dr. Miriam Adelson who, with trusts and other entities for the benefit of the Adelson family members, controls more than 50 percent of the voting power of the Company s Common Stock. Since December 2023, Mr. Dumont has also served as the governor of the Dallas Mavericks, a professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association in which the family owns a majority interest. MARK BESCA Age: 66 Director since: 2025 Committees: Audit Compliance (Chair) Independent Mr. Besca s extensive financial and business knowledge gained while serving as an independent auditor for organizations across diverse industries and his experience as a public company director led the Board to conclude he would be a valuable member of our Board. Experience Mr. Besca has been a director of the Company since January 2025. Prior to his retirement in 2020, Mr. Besca spent 40 years at EY (formerly Ernst Young, LLP) serving as lead and senior advisory audit partner to some of the largest public companies in the media and entertainment, consumer products and airline industries. From 2017 until 2020, Mr. Besca was the leader of the Long-Term Value and Stakeholder Capitalism initiative at EY. From 2012 to 2018, he served as managing partner of EY s New York City office with over 11,000 professionals, and from 2009 to 2011, he was Northeast managing partner of EY s Assurance and Advisory Business. Mr. Besca has been a member of the board of directors and audit committee chair of Markel Group Inc. since 2020 and a member of the board of directors and member of the audit committee of Clarus Corporation since December 2024. Mr. Besca holds several civic positions including chairman emeritus of the Pace University board of trustees, the board of the Roundabout Theatre Production Company and formerly a member of the UJA Media and Entertainment executive committee. Mr. Besca is also a David Rockefeller fellow of the NYC Partnership. IRWIN CHAFETZ Age: 89 Director since: 2005 Committees: None Mr. Chafetz s extensive experience in the hospitality, trade show and convention businesses, as well as his experience as a former executive of our predecessor company, led the Board to conclude he would be a valuable member of our Board. Experience Mr. Chafetz has been a director of the Company since February 2005. He was a director of Las Vegas Sands, Inc. from February until July 2005. Mr. Chafetz is the president and a manager of The Interface Group, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company that controls Interface Group-Massachusetts, LLC. Mr. Chafetz has been associated with Interface Group-Massachusetts, LLC and its predecessors since 1972. From 1989 to 1995, Mr. Chafetz was a vice president and director of Interface Group-Nevada, Inc., which owned and operated trade shows, including COMDEX, and also owned and operated The Sands Expo and Convention Center. From 1989 to 1995, Mr. Chafetz was also vice president and a director of Las Vegas Sands, Inc. Mr. Chafetz has served on the boards of many charitable and civic organizations and is a former member of the dean s advisory council at Boston University School of Management. 24 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents MICHELINE CHAU Age: 73 Director since: 2014 Committees: Compensation (Chair) Compliance Nominating and Governance Independent Ms. Chau s extensive and varied business experience, including as president and chief operating officer at Lucasfilm Ltd., and her experience as a director of other public companies led the Board to conclude she would be a valuable member of our Board. Experience Ms. Chau has been a director of the Company since October 2014. She served as the president, chief operating officer and executive director of Lucasfilm Ltd., a film and entertainment company, from 2003 to 2012 and as its chief financial officer from 1991 to 2003. Before that, Ms. Chau held other executive-level positions in various industries, including retail, restaurant, venture capital and financial services. She was a member of the board of Dolby Laboratories, Inc., an audio, imaging and communications company, from February 2013 to February 2024, and was a member of the board of Red Hat, Inc., a provider of open-source software solutions, from November 2008 to August 2012. CHARLES D. FORMAN Age: 79 Director since: 2004 Committees: None Mr. Forman s extensive experience in the hospitality, trade show and convention businesses led the Board to conclude he would be a valuable member of our Board. Experience Mr. Forman has been a director of the Company since August 2004. He has also been a member of the Board of SCL, since May 2014 and served as a director of Las Vegas Sands, LLC (and its predecessor, Las Vegas Sands, Inc.) from March 2004 to March 2026. Mr. Forman served as chairman and chief executive officer of Centric Events Group, LLC, a trade show and conference business from April 2002 until his retirement upon the sale of the business in 2007. From 2000 to 2002, he served as a director of a private company and participated in various private equity investments. During 2000, he was executive vice president of international operations of Key3Media, Inc. From 1998 to 2000, he was chief legal officer of ZD Events Inc., a tradeshow business that included COMDEX. From 1995 to 1998, Mr. Forman was executive vice president, chief financial and legal officer of Softbank Comdex Inc. From 1989 to 1995, Mr. Forman was vice president and general counsel of Interface Group Nevada, Inc., a tradeshow and convention business that owned and operated COMDEX, and also owned and operated The Sands Expo and Convention Center. Mr. Forman was in private law practice from 1972 to 1988. From 2009 until 2023, Mr. Forman was a member of the board of trustees of The Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. LEWIS KRAMER Age: 78 Director since: 2017 Committees: Audit (Chair) Compensation Independent Mr. Kramer s extensive financial and business knowledge gained while serving as an independent auditor for organizations across diverse industries and his experience as a director of a public company and non-profit organizations led the Board to conclude he would be a valuable member of our Board. Experience Mr. Kramer has been a director of the Company since April 2017. Mr. Kramer was a partner at Ernst Young LLP from 1981 until he retired in June 2009 after a nearly 40-year career at Ernst Young LLP, where he represented clients in a number of industries, including the media, entertainment and leisure industries. At the time of his retirement, Mr. Kramer served as the global client service partner for worldwide external audit and all other services for major clients, and served on the firm s United States executive board. He previously served as Ernst Young LLP s national director of audit services. From 2009 to April 2023, Mr. Kramer served on the board of L3 Harris Technologies, Inc. (and its predecessor companies). Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES ALAIN LI Age: 65 Director since: 2024 Committees: Audit Compensation Nominating and Governance (Chair) Independent Mr. Li s extensive experience in senior leadership at companies with a strong presence in Asia, and his experience as a director of a public company and non-profit organizations led the Board to conclude he would be a valuable member of our Board. Experience Mr. Li has been a director of the Company since 2024. Mr. Li was regional chief executive, Asia Pacific of luxury group Richemont from 2006 to 2023, where he was responsible for overseeing and cultivating Richemont s luxury Maisons in the APAC region. Prior to Richemont, Mr. Li was chief financial officer of IDT International and president of the group s lifestyle electronics brand, Oregon Scientific, from 2001 to 2005. From 1992 to 2001, he worked at Riso Europe in various capacities and ultimately as president of Riso Europe. From 1991 to 1992, Mr. Li was controller, European Operations at A.B. Dick-Itek Group, from 1987 to 1992, served in various capacities at Zimmer Holdings, Inc., and from 1981 to 1986, was a trainee accountant at Touche Ross Co. Mr. Li is a Fellow of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Mr. Li currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Dynasty Fine Wines Group Limited, a position he has held since August 2024, and Remy Cointreau SA, a position he has held since 2022. He is also president of the French Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Hong Kong, a position he has held since 2022. MICKY PANT Age: 71 Director since: 2025 Committees: Compliance Nominating and Governance Independent Mr. Pant s extensive senior leadership experience in international companies, including as chief executive officer of Yum China Holdings, Inc., his global strategic and marketing experience, and his experience as a director of other public companies led the Board to conclude he would be a valuable member of our Board. Experience Mr. Pant has been a director of the Company since 2025. Mr. Pant was a consultant to Beyond Meat, Inc. from March 2020 to December 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Pant was vice chairman of the board and senior advisor to Yum China Holdings, Inc. ( Yum China ) from 2018 to 2020, chief executive officer of Yum China from 2016 to 2018, chief executive officer of the Yum China Division of Yum Brands, Inc. ( Yum Brands ) from 2015 to 2016, and held several other senior roles of increasing responsibility at Yum Brands from 2006 to 2015, including chief executive officer of the KFC Division, chief executive officer of Yum Restaurants International, president of global branding for Yum Brands, president of Yum Restaurants International, chief marketing officer of Yum Brands, global chief concept officer for Yum Brands and president of Taco Bell International. Prior to that, Mr. Pant served in various roles, including chief marketing officer, at Reebok International from 1994 to 2004, PepsiCo India from 1992 to 1994, and Unilever in India and the United Kingdom from 1976 to 1990. Mr. Pant served on the board of directors of Beyond Meat, Inc. from May 2021 to May 2024, Primavera Capital Acquisition Corp. from January 2021 to December 2022, Yum China Holdings, Inc. from March 2018 to March 2020, and Pinnacle Foods, Inc. from December 2014 to June 2018. 26 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES BOARD OF DIRECTORS Standards The NYSE s corporate governance rules generally require a majority of independent directors serve on a company s board of directors and require all of the members of a company s Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee to be independent directors subject to certain exceptions, including if a company qualifies as a controlled company under the NYSE corporate governance rules. We qualify as a controlled company under NYSE corporate governance rules because Dr. Miriam Adelson and trusts and other entities for the benefit of the Adelson family members control more than 50 percent of the voting power of the Company s Common Stock. The Board consists of a majority of independent directors, although, as a controlled company, we are exempt from the general NYSE requirement to have a majority of independent directors serve on the Board. Additionally, the Board has an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee comprised entirely of independent directors, although this is not required because, as a controlled company, we are exempt from the applicable NYSE requirement. Independent Directors The Board has determined five of its eight current members, namely Mr. Besca, Ms. Chau, Mr. Kramer, Mr. Li and Mr. Pant, satisfy the criteria for independence under applicable rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the NYSE corporate governance rules. In making its determinations, the Board reviewed all the relevant facts and circumstances, the standards set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the NYSE rules and other applicable laws and regulations. In making its independence determination for Mr. Li, the Board considered the relationship arising out of certain transactions in the ordinary course of business between the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, MBS, and a food and beverage operator for which one of Mr. Li s immediate family members serves as a director and executive officer, relating to the operation of a restaurant in MBS. Two of our outside directors, Mr. Chafetz and Mr. Forman, have business and personal relationships with the Adelson family. Mr. Chafetz was a stockholder, vice president and director of the entity that owned and operated the COMDEX trade show and The Sands Expo and Convention Center, which were created and developed by Mr. Adelson. Mr. Forman was vice president and general counsel of this entity. Mr. Chafetz also is a trustee of several trusts for the benefit of the Adelson family members that beneficially own shares of our Common Stock as further described in Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management above. These relationships with the Adelson family also include making joint investments and other significant financial dealings. As a result, the Adelson family and Mr. Chafetz and Mr. Forman may have their financial interests aligned and, therefore, the Board does not consider Mr. Chafetz and Mr. Forman to be independent directors. Because Mr. Dumont is an officer of the Company, he does not satisfy the criteria for independence under applicable rules promulgated under the Exchange Act and the NYSE corporate governance rules. Board Meetings The Board held seven meetings during 2025 . The work of our directors is performed not only at meetings of the Board and its committees, but also by consideration of our business through the review of documents and in numerous communications among Board members and others. In 2025 , all directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of all meetings of the Board and committees on which they served during the periods in which they served. Our directors are encouraged to attend each annual meeting and eight of our directors who were on the Board at the time of our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on May 15, 2025 attended such meeting. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES BOARD COMMITTEES The table below illustrates the current chairs and membership of the Board and of each standing Board committee as of th e date of this proxy statement, the independence status of each Board member and the number of Board and Board committee meetings held during fiscal 2025 . DIRECTOR (1) BOARD AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE Patrick Dumont Chair Mark Besca* Chair Irwin Chafetz Micheline Chau* Chair Charles D. Forman Lewis Kramer* Chair Alain Li* Chair Micky Pant* 2025 Meetings 7 6 5 6 4 * Independent director Member (1) Mr. Goldstein transitioned to Senior Advisor, effective March 1, 2026. Standing Committees Our Board has four standing committees: an audit committee (the Audit Committee ), a compensation committee (the Compensation Committee ), a nominating and governance committee (the Nominating and Governance Committee ) and a compliance committee (the Compliance Committee ). Each of the standing committees operates under a written charter approved by the Board. 28 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents AUDIT COMMITTEE M embers : Lewis Kramer (Chair) Mark Besca Alain Li Meetings held in 2025 : 6 All members are independent The primary purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist with the Board s oversight of: the integrity of our financial statements our internal audit function, including audit plans, audit results and the performance of our internal audit team the review of related party transactions as further described below under Corporate Governance Related Party Transactions our enterprise risk management program as further described below under Corporate Governance The Board s Role in Risk Oversight our information security program (including cybersecurity) Our Audit Committee selects our independent registered public accounting firm and has direct oversight responsibility over the firm, including: reviewing the firm s plan, scope and results of our annual audit, and the fees for the services performed the qualifications, independence and performance of the firm the firm s annual audit of our financial statements and any engagement to provide other services The Board has determined Mr. Besca, Mr. Kramer and Mr. Li are each independent under applicable NYSE and federal securities rules and regulations on independence of audit committee members. The Board has determined each of the members of the Audit Committee is financially literate and qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as both terms are defined in the NYSE listing standards and federal securities rules and regulations. The Audit Committee s activities also involve numerous discussions and other communications among its members and others. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE M embers : Micheline Chau (Chair) Lewis Kramer Alain Li Meetings held in 2025 : 5 All members are independent The Compensation Committee has direct responsibility for the compensation of our executive officers and the authority to: approve salaries, bonuses and other elements of compensation and to approve employment agreements for our executive officers and certain other highly compensated Team Members review, evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding our non- employee director compensation program administer our equity award plan, as amended and restated (the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Award Plan ), under which we grant restricted stock units, stock options and other equity awards administer our Executive Cash Incentive Plan, under which we provide short- term incentive compensation awards review, approve and administer the terms of our compensation recoupment policies for recovering incentive-based compensation, including our Forfeiture of Improperly Received Compensation Policy and Clawback Policy, with respect to our executive officers oversee director and executive officer stock ownership requirements The Compensation Committee is also involved in our enterprise risk management program as further described below under Corporate Governance The Board s Role in Risk Oversight and Corporate Governance Compensation Risk Assessment and may delegate its authority to the extent permitted by the Board, the Compensation Committee charter, our amended and restated by-laws, state law and NYSE regulations. Additional information about the Compensation Committee, its responsibilities and its activities is provided below under Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE M embers : Alain Li (Chair) Micheline Chau Micky Pant Meetings held in 2025 : 6 All members are independent The purpose of the Nominating and Governance Committee is to: review and make recommendations regarding the composition of the Board and its committees implement policies and procedures for the selection of Board members identify individuals qualified to become Board members and select, or recommend the Board select, director nominees assess, develop and make recommendations to the Board with respect to Board effectiveness and related corporate governance matters, including corporate governance guidelines and procedures intended to organize the Board appropriately oversee the evaluation of the Board and management oversee the management of our ESG program COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE M embers : Mark Besca (Chair) Micheline Chau Micky Pant Meetings held in 2025 : 4 All members are independent The primary purpose of the Compliance Committee is to assist with the Board s oversight of: the compliance program with respect to compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to our business, including gaming laws and regulations the compliance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Anti-Corruption Policy, Anti-Money Laundering Policy, Policy on Corporate Political Contributions and Expenditures and Reporting and Non-Retaliation Policy applicable to our directors, officers, Team Members, contractors and agents Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participatio n Micheline Chau, Lewis Kramer and Alain Li each served as a member of the Compensation Committee during the fiscal year 2025. None of the individuals who served as a member of our Compensation Committee during 2025 is, or has been, an employee or officer of the Company. None of our executive officers serve, or in the past year served, as a member of the board or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers who serve on our Board or Compensation Committee. NON-BOARD COMMITTEES Corporate Compliance Committee and Operational Compliance Committees We maintain a Corporate Compliance Committee, the purpose of which is to foster a culture of integrity, accountability and ethical behavior across all of our operations. We also maintain Operational Compliance Committees in each of Macao and Singapore to oversee local gaming operations (each, an Operational Compliance Committee ). We created these committees to facilitate the identification, evaluation and remediation of situations that could raise concerns with a gaming authority or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. In particular, the Corporate Compliance Committee and the Operational Compliance Committees monitor the following: (1) our business associations in order to protect us from associations with persons denied licensing or other related approvals, or who may be deemed unsuitable to be associated with us; (2) our business practices and procedures; (3) compliance with any special conditions imposed upon our licenses; (4) reports submitted to gaming authorities; and (5) compliance with the laws, regulations and orders of governmental agencies having jurisdiction over our gaming or business activities. The Corporate Compliance Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by the Board and is chaired by our Senior Vice President and Global Chief Compliance Officer ( GCCO ). The GCCO provides at least quarterly updates to the Compliance Committee of the Board regarding the Corporate Compliance Committee s efforts. The Operational Compliance Committee in Macao operates pursuant to a Compliance Plan approved by the SCL audit committee, and is chaired by the Chief Compliance Officer for SCL. The Operational Compliance Committee in Singapore operates pursuant to a Compliance Plan submitted to the Gambling Regulatory Authority of Singapore, and is chaired by the Chief Compliance Officer of MBS. 30 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents SUCCESSION PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT Our Chairman and CEO works closely with the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board to identify and develop executive talent within and outside our organization and to ensure that Board succession plans are in place, so that we can ensure effective future leadership transitions at both the senior management and the Board level. Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITMENT TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Board and management have a strong commitment to effective corporate governance. We operate and are regulated in various distinct gaming jurisdictions. We are listed on two major stock exchanges and regulated as a financial institution by Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. We have in place a comprehensive corporate governance framework for our operations which, among other things, takes into account the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the NYSE. The key components of this framework are set forth in our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, along with the following additional documents: Audit Committee Charter Compensation Committee Charter Nominating and Governance Committee Charter Compliance Committee Charter Corporate Governance Guidelines Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Securities Trading Policy Anti-Corruption Policy Reporting and Non-Retaliation Policy Policy on Corporate Political Contributions and Expenditures Copies of each of these documents are available on our website at https://investor.sands.com by clicking on Governance Documents within the Governance section. Copies are also available without charge by sending a written request to the following address: Investor Relations, Las Vegas Sands Corp., 5420 S. Durango Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada 89113. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES We have adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines for our Company that set forth the general principles governing the conduct of our business and the role, functions, duties and responsibilities of the Board, including, but not limited to, such matters as composition, membership criteria, new director orientation, continuing education, retirement, committees, compensation, meeting procedures, annual evaluation and management succession planning. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers (including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer), Team Members and agents. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics outlines policies and procedures the Board believes promote the highest standards of integrity, compliance with the law and personal accountability. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is provided to all new directors, officers and Team Members. SECURITIES TRADING POLICY We have adopted a Securities Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, Team Members and other individuals associated with us that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and listing standards applicable to us. It is also our policy to comply with applicable securities laws when engaging in transactions in our own or SCL securities. ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY We have adopted an Anti-Corruption Policy to ensure we comply with applicable record keeping and anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Anti-Corruption Policy is provided to all new directors, officers and Team Members. 32 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents REPORTING AND NON-RETALIATION POLICY We have adopted a Reporting and Non-Retaliation Policy to facilitate and encourage the reporting of any misconduct at the Company, including violations or potential violations of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and to ensure those reporting such misconduct will not be subject to harassment, intimidation or other retaliatory action. The Reporting and Non- Retaliation Policy is provided to all new directors, officers and Team Members. POLICY ON CORPORATE POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND EXPENDITURES We have adopted a Policy on Corporate Political Contributions and Expenditures to govern the Company s disclosures relating to corporate political contributions and expenditures. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS We have established policies and procedures for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions. Under its charter, the Audit Committee approves all related party transactions required to be disclosed in our public filings. Under guidelines established by our Audit Committee, proposed transactions and matters requiring approval under our policies with aggregate values of less than $120,000 per year are presented to the Audit Committee quarterly for review. Larger transactions are presented to the Audit Committee for review, discussion and approval in advance of the transaction. The Audit Committee may, in its discretion, request additional information from the director or executive officer involved in a proposed transaction or from management prior to granting approval for a related party transaction. For more information on related party transactions, refer to Certain Transactions. NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS The Nominating and Governance Committee proposed to the Board the candidates nominated for election at this annual meeting. The Nominating and Governance Committee, in making its selection of director candidates, considered the appropriate skills and personal characteristics required in light of the then-current makeup of the Board and in the context of the perceived needs of the Company at the time. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers a number of factors in selecting director candidates, including: the ethical standards and integrity of the candidate in personal and professional dealings; the independence of the candidate under legal, regulatory and other applicable standards; whether the skills and experience of the candidate will complement the skills and experience of the existing members of the Board; the number of other public company boards on which the candidate serves or intends to serve, with the expectation the candidate would not serve on the boards of more than three other public companies; the ability and willingness of the candidate to dedicate sufficient time, energy and attention to ensure the diligent performance of their Board duties; the ability of the candidate to read and understand fundamental financial statements and understand the use of financial ratios and information in evaluating the financial performance of the Company; the willingness of the candidate to be accountable for their decisions as a director; the ability of the candidate to provide wise and thoughtful counsel on a broad range of issues; the ability and willingness of the candidate to interact with other directors in a manner that encourages responsible, open, challenging and inspired discussion; whether the candidate has a history of achievements that reflects high standards; the ability and willingness of the candidate to be committed to, and enthusiastic about, the individual s performance as a director for the Company, both in absolute terms and relative to their peers; whether the candidate possesses the courage to express views openly, even in the face of opposition; the ability and willingness of the candidate to comply with the duties and responsibilities set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and amended and restated by-laws; the ability and willingness of the candidate to comply with the duties of care, loyalty and confidentiality applicable to directors of publicly traded corporations organized in the Company s jurisdiction of incorporation; Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE the ability and willingness of the candidate to adhere to the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including the policies on conflicts of interest expressed therein; and such other attributes of the candidate and external factors as the Board deems appropriate. The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider candidates recommended by directors and members of management and may, in its discretion, engage one or more search firms to assist in the recruitment of director candidates. The Nominating and Governance Committee does not have a formal policy for considering director candidates recommended by stockholders and believes the processes and procedures in place for identifying, evaluating and selecting board members is sufficiently robust and takes into account, among other factors, stockholder dialogue and feedback. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE Mr. Goldstein served as the Company s Chairman and CEO from January 2021 to March 1, 2026. In March 2025, the Company announced that Mr. Goldstein would transition to the role of Senior Advisor to the Company, effective March 1, 2026. In February 2026, the Company announced that the Board elected Mr. Dumont to serve as the Company s Chairman and CEO, effective March 1, 2026. The Board continues to believe that a combined Chairman/CEO role is best suited for the Company and for the Board because our CEO is most familiar with our businesses and industry and is best able to establish strategic priorities for the Company. Moreover, the Board believes that the level of independent oversight provided by the Board is extremely high and that communication and decision-making among the Board with the current leadership structure has proved very effective. The Board is uniformly of the view that Mr. Dumont, in the role of Chairman, provides excellent leadership of the Board in the performance of its duties, maintains very positive relationships with other members of the Board and brings strategic vision and perspective to Board leadership. The Board will continue to annually consider its leadership structure, including the need to appoint a lead independent director. MEETINGS IN EXECUTIVE SESSION AND PRESIDING NON-MANAGEMENT DIRECTOR In accordance with applicable rules of the NYSE and our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board has adopted a policy to meet at each regularly scheduled Board meeting in executive session without management directors or any members of management being present. In addition, the Board s independent directors meet at least once each year in executive session. At each executive session, a presiding director chosen by a majority of the directors present presides over the session. 34 Las Vegas Sands 2026 Proxy S