=== LVS_2026-02-06.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. — RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in connection with evaluating the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain statements in “Risk Factors” are forward-looking statements. See “Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements .” Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Risks Related to Our Business • Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of downturns in the economy. • Natural or man-made disasters, an outbreak of highly infectious or contagious disease, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war could materially adversely affect the number of visitors to our facilities and disrupt our operations. • Our business is sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel. • We are subject to extensive regulations that govern our operations in any jurisdiction where we operate. • Certain local gaming laws apply to our gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate. • We depend primarily on our properties in two markets for all of our cash flow, and because we are a parent company, our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries. • Our debt instruments, current debt service obligations and substantial indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations. • We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. • We extend credit to a portion of our patrons, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit patrons. • Win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some beyond our control, and the winnings of our gaming patrons could exceed our casino winnings. 18 Table of Conte n ts • We face the risk of fraud and cheating. • Our operations face significant competition, which may increase in the future. • Our attempts to expand our business into new markets and new ventures, including through acquisitions or strategic transactions, may not be successful. • Our loan receivable is subject to certain risks, which could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. • There are significant risks associated with our current and planned construction projects Risks Associated with Our International Operations • Our Macao Concession and Singapore development agreements and casino license can be terminated or redeemed under certain circumstances without compensation to us. • The number of visitors to our Integrated Resorts, particularly visitors from mainland China, may decline or travel may be disrupted. • The Macao and Singapore governments could grant additional rights to conduct gaming in the future and increase competition we face. • Conducting business in Macao and Singapore has certain political and economic risks. • Our tax arrangements with the Macao government may not be extended on terms favorable to us or at all beyond their expiration dates. • We are subject to limitations on the transfers of cash to and from our subsidiaries, limitations of the pataca and HKD exchange markets and restrictions on the export of the Renminbi. Risks Related to Doing Business in China • Our business, financial condition and results of operations and/or the value of our securities or our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors may be materially and adversely affected to the extent the laws and regulations of mainland China become applicable to our operations in Macao and Hong Kong or economic, political and legal developments in Macao adversely affect our Macao operations. Risks Related to Stock Ownership and Stockholder Matters • The interests of our principal stockholders in our business may be different from yours. • Conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of SCL. Human Capital Related Risk Factors • We depend on the continued services of key personnel . • We compete for limited management and labor resources in Macao and Singapore, and policies of those governments may also affect our ability to employ imported managers or labor. General Risk Factors • Failure to maintain the integrity of our information and information systems or comply with applicable privacy and cybersecurity requirements and regulations could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. • We may fail to establish and protect our IP rights and could be subject to claims of IP infringement. • The licensing of our trademarks to third parties could result in reputational harm for us. • Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer, and our insurance costs may increase in the future. • We are subject to changes in tax laws and regulations. 19 Table of Conte n ts • Because we own real property, we are subject to environmental regulation. • We are subject to risks from litigation, investigations, enforcement actions and other disputes. • We could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and governance and sustainability matters. Risks Related to Our Business Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of downturns in the economy . Consumer demand for hotel/casino resorts, trade shows and conventions and for the type of luxury amenities we offer is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or corporate spending on conventions and business travel could be driven by many factors, such as: perceived or actual general economic conditions; fear of exposure to a widespread health epidemic; any weaknesses in the job or real estate markets; credit market disruptions; high energy, fuel and food costs; the increased cost of travel; the potential for bank failures; perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth; fears of recession and changes in consumer confidence in the economy; or fear of war, political instability, civil unrest or future acts of terrorism. These factors could reduce, and in the past, have reduced, consumer and corporate demand for the luxury amenities and leisure and business activities we offer, thus imposing additional limits on pricing and harming our operations. Natural or man-made disasters, an outbreak of highly infectious or contagious disease, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war could materially adversely affect the number of visitors to our facilities and disrupt our operations . So-called “Acts of God,” such as typhoons and rainstorms, particularly in Macao, and other natural disasters, man-made disasters, outbreaks of highly infectious or contagious diseases, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war may result, and in the past, have resulted, in decreases in travel to and from, and economic activity in, areas in which we operate, and may adversely affect, and in the past, has adversely affected, the number of visitors to our properties. We also face potential risks associated with the physical effects of climate change, which may include more frequent or severe storms, typhoons, flooding, extreme or prolonged heat and rising sea levels. To the extent climate change causes additional changes in weather patterns, all our properties could be subject to increased precipitation levels, coastal and river flooding and heat stress, and our properties along the coast in Macao could be subject to an increase in the number and severity of typhoons. Any of these events may disrupt our ability to staff our business adequately, could generally disrupt our operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Although we have insurance coverage with respect to some of these events, we cannot assure you any such coverage will provide any coverage or be sufficient to indemnify us fully against all direct and indirect costs, including any loss of business that could result from substantial damage to, or partial or complete destruction of, any of our properties. Our business is sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel . We are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. Only a portion of our business is and will be generated by local residents. Most of our customers travel to reach our Macao and Singapore properties. Infectious diseases may severely disrupt, and in the past, have severely disrupted, domestic and international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer visits to Macao and Singapore, including our properties. Regional political events, acts of terrorism or civil unrest, including those resulting in travelers perceiving areas as unstable or an unwillingness of governments to grant visas, regional conflicts or an outbreak of hostilities or war could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel. Management cannot predict the extent to which disruptions from these types of events in air or other forms of travel would have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to extensive regulations that govern our operations in any jurisdiction where we operate . We are required to obtain and maintain licenses from various jurisdictions in order to operate certain aspects of our business, and we are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our gaming business. We also will become subject to regulation in any other jurisdiction where we choose to operate in the future. There can be no assurance we will be able to obtain new licenses or renew any of our existing licenses, or if such licenses are obtained, such licenses will not be conditioned, suspended or revoked; and the loss, denial or non-renewal of any of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See “Item 1 — Business — Regulation and Licensing ” for further description of regulations that govern our operations. 20 Table of Conte n ts We are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), which generally prohibits U.S. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Any violation of the FCPA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering laws and regulations in certain jurisdictions where we operate, including Singapore and Macao, as well as regulations set forth by the gaming authorities in the areas in which we operate. Any such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. Any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations, or any accusations of money laundering or regulatory investigations into possible money laundering activities, by any of our properties, employees or customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain local gaming laws apply to our gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate . We are required to comply with certain reporting requirements concerning our current and proposed gaming activities and associations, including in Macao, Singapore and other jurisdictions. The gaming authorities in jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate, including in Macao and Singapore, exercise authority for purposes of assessing suitability in relation to our activities in other gaming jurisdictions where we do business. Any gaming laws and regulations that apply to us could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted, and we may incur significant costs to comply, or may be unable to comply, with any new or modified gaming laws and regulations. We depend primarily on our properties in two markets for all of our cash flow, and because we are a parent company, our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries . We are primarily dependent upon our Asia properties for all of our cash flow. Given our operations are conducted primarily at properties in Macao and Singapore and a large portion of our planned development is in Macao and Singapore, we are subject to greater risk than if we were more diversified. Additionally, because we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own, our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. We conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. Accordingly, our primary sources of cash are dividends and distributions with respect to our ownership interests in our subsidiaries derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our operating properties. Our subsidiaries’ payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations, which may be impacted by the factors described above. For example, due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we suspended our quarterly dividend program between April 2020 and July 2023, resuming dividend payments in August 2023, and SCL suspended its dividend payments beginning in February 2020, resuming dividend payments in June 2025. In addition, our Macao and Singapore credit agreements, under certain circumstances, may limit or prohibit certain payments of dividends or other distributions to us. We expect future debt instruments for the financing of future developments may contain similar restrictions. Our debt instruments, current debt service obligations and substantial indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations . Our current debt service obligations contain, or any future debt service obligations and instruments may contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to: • incur additional debt, including providing guarantees or credit support; • incur liens securing indebtedness or other obligations; • dispose of certain assets; • make certain acquisitions; • pay dividends or make distributions and make other restricted payments, such as purchasing equity interests, repurchasing junior indebtedness or making investments in third parties; • enter into sale and leaseback transactions; • engage in any new businesses; • issue preferred stock; and • enter into transactions with our stockholders and our affiliates. 21 Table of Conte n ts In addition, our Macao, Singapore and U.S. credit agreements contain various financial covenants. See “Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 11 — Debt ” for further description of these covenants. As of December 31, 2025, we had $15.78 billion of debt outstanding, net of original issue discount and deferred offering costs (excluding those costs related to our revolving facilities). This indebtedness could have important consequences for us. For example, it could: • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt service obligations; • increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; • impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital needs, capital expenditures, development projects, acquisitions or general corporate purposes; • require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds available for our operations and development projects; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industry in which we operate; • require us to repurchase our SCL senior notes upon certain events, such as any change in gaming law or any action by a gaming authority after which none of the SCL members owns or manages casino or gaming areas or operates casino games of chance in Macao in substantially the same manner as SCL was at the issuance date of the SCL senior notes for a period of 30 consecutive days or more and results in a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business, properties or results of operations; • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and • subject us to higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates. Subject to applicable laws, including gaming laws, and certain agreed upon exceptions, our Singapore debt is secured by liens on substantially all of the assets of our Singapore operations. Our ability to timely refinance and replace our indebtedness in the future will depend upon general economic and credit market conditions, potential approval required by local government regulators, adequate liquidity in the global credit markets, the particular circumstances of the gaming industry, and prevalent regulations and our cash flow and operations, in each case as evaluated at the time of such potential refinancing or replacement. We have a principal amount of $1.93 billion, $1.57 billion, $3.02 billion, $2.02 billion and $2.70 billion in debt maturing during the years ending December 31, 2026, 2027, 2028, 2029 and 2030, respectively. If we are unable to refinance or generate sufficient cash flow from operations to repay our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of certain assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments, or not make dividend payments. There is no assurance any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements. We may attempt to arrange additional financing to fund the remainder of our planned, and any future, development projects. If we are required to raise additional capital in the future, our access to and cost of financing will depend on, among other things, global economic conditions, conditions in the global financing markets, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing, our prospects and our credit ratings. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our rating levels, our industry, or us, our access to capital and the cost of any debt financing would be further negatively impacted. In addition, the terms of future debt agreements could require higher costs, include more restrictive covenants, or require incremental collateral, which may further restrict our business operations or be unavailable due to our covenant restrictions then in effect. There is no guarantee that debt financings will be available in the future to fund our obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with our expectations. Our current debt service obligations contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, and our Macao, Singapore and U.S. credit agreements contain various financial covenants. We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates . We record transactions in the functional currencies of our reporting entities. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period, which subjects us to foreign currency translation risks. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the functional currencies of our foreign operations could have an adverse effect on our U.S. dollar financial results. We are a parent company whose primary source of cash is distributions from our subsidiaries. Fluctuations in the U.S. dollar/SGD exchange rate, the U.S. dollar/Macao pataca exchange rate and/or the U.S. dollar/Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”) exchange rate could have a material adverse effect on the amount of dividends and distributions from our Singapore and Macao operations. 22 Table of Conte n ts We extend credit to a portion of our patrons, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit patrons . We conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis. Any such credit we extend is unsecured. Table games patrons typically are extended more credit than slot patrons, and high-stakes patrons typically are extended more credit than patrons who tend to wager lesser amounts. During the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 9.4% and 12.3% of our table games play at our Macao properties and Marina Bay Sands, respectively, was from credit-based wagering. We extend credit to those patrons whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. These large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of operations if deemed uncollectible. While gaming debts are evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a “marker,” certain jurisdictions around the world, including jurisdictions our gaming patrons may come from, may determine, or have determined, enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. Although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the U.S. and elsewhere of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from courts in the U.S. and elsewhere are not binding in the courts of many foreign nations. In particular, we expect our Macao operations will be able to enforce gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including Macao. To the extent our Macao gaming patrons are from other jurisdictions, our Macao operations may not have access to a forum in which it will be possible to collect all gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and our Macao operations may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. Moreover, under applicable law, our Macao operations remain obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from patrons. It is also possible our Singapore operations may not be able to collect gaming debts because, among other reasons, courts of certain jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts. To the extent our Singapore gaming patrons’ assets are situated in such jurisdictions, our Singapore operations may not be able to take enforcement action against such assets to facilitate collection of gaming receivables. Even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible. Our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some beyond our control, and the winnings of our gaming patrons could exceed our casino winnings . The gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. In addition to the element of chance, win rates are also affected by other factors, including patrons’ skill and experience, the mix of games played, the financial resources of patrons, the spread of table limits, the volume of bets played and the amount of time played. Our gaming profits are mainly derived from the difference between our casino winnings and the casino winnings of our gaming patrons. Since there is an inherent element of chance in the gaming industry, we do not have full control over our winnings or the winnings of our gaming patrons. If the winnings of our gaming patrons exceed our winnings, we may record a loss from our gaming operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We face the risk of fraud and cheating . Our gaming patrons may attempt or commit fraud or cheat in order to increase winnings. Acts of fraud or cheating could involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees. Internal acts of cheating could also be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers or other casino or gaming area staff. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our gaming operations. In addition, negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations face significant competition, which may increase in the future . The hotel, resort and casino businesses in Macao and Singapore are highly competitive. Our Macao properties compete with numerous other casinos located within Macao. Additional Macao facilities announced by our competitors and the increasing capacity of hotel rooms in Macao could add to the competitive dynamic of the market. While we make strategic changes and take steps from time to time to maintain or improve our market share in Macao, including making changes to the incentives that we provide to certain of our patrons, there can be no assurances that these efforts will be successful. Our Macao and Singapore operations will also compete with casinos located elsewhere in Asia, including South Korea, Malaysia, Philippines, Australia, Cambodia, Vietnam and elsewhere in the world, including Las Vegas, as well as online gaming and cruise ships that offer gaming. Our operations also face increased competition from new developments in Malaysia, Australia, South 23 Table of Conte n ts Korea and Vietnam. In addition, certain countries, such as Japan, have legalized casino gaming, while others, such as Thailand, may in the future legalize casino gaming. The proliferation of gaming venues and gaming activities, such as regulated and unregulated online gaming, as well as renovations and expansions by our competitors, and their ability to attract customers away from our properties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our attempts to expand our business into new markets and new ventures, including through acquisitions or strategic transactions, may not be successful . We may opportunistically seek to expand our business through, among other things, expansion into new geographies or new ventures complementary to our current operations. These attempts to expand our business could increase the complexity of our business, require significant levels of investment and strain our management, personnel, operations and systems. In addition, our attempts to expand into new geographies could pose additional challenges given our limited operational experience in other jurisdictions. In order to facilitate such expansion, we may engage in strategic and complementary acquisitions and other transactions or investments involving other Integrated Resorts, hospitality or gaming brands, businesses, properties or other assets, either on our own or in partnership with others. These items are subject to challenges and risks that could affect our business, including: our incurrence of significant transaction costs in connection with a pending transaction or investment, regardless of whether it is completed; the restrictions on and obligations with respect to our business that may exist in connection with the pending transaction or investment; fluctuations in our market value, including the depreciation in our market value if the pending transaction or investment is not completed or the failure of the transaction or investment, even if completed, to increase our market value; the significant expansion in legalized forms of internet gaming and online sports betting; and failure to integrate acquired businesses successfully or achieve the anticipated benefits or synergies of the transaction. There is litigation associated with our right to lease the underlying land of the Nassau Coliseum from the County of Nassau in the State of New York and there can be no assurance as to the positive outcome of such litigation. See “Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 15 — Leases ” for a further description of this litigation. In addition, there can be no assurance that our business expansion efforts will develop as anticipated or that we will succeed, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investments, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our loan receivable is subject to certain risks, which could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows . On February 23, 2022, in connection with closing of the sale of our Las Vegas real property and operations, including The Venetian Resort Las Vegas and the Sands Expo and Convention Center (the “Las Vegas Operations”), for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $6.25 billion (the “Las Vegas Sale”), we entered into a seller financing loan agreement,

=== LVS_2026-04-24.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A — RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. ITEM 2 — UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS The following table provides information about share repurchases made each month by the Company of its common stock during the quarter ended March 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Weighted Average Price Paid Per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) (2) January 1, 2026 — January 31, 2026 1,720,011 $ 57.29 1,720,011 $ 1,458 February 1, 2026 — February 28, 2026 9,401,365 $ 56.96 9,401,365 $ 922 March 1, 2026 — March 31, 2026 1,938,863 $ 54.49 1,938,863 $ 817 Total 13,060,239 13,060,239 __________________________ (1) Calculated excluding commissions and excise tax. (2) In October 2024, our Board of Directors authorized increasing the remaining share repurchase amount of the share repurchase program from $195 million to $2.0 billion and extending its expiration date from November 3, 2025 to November 3, 2026. In April 2025, our Board of Directors authorized increasing the remaining share repurchase amount from $1.10 billion to $2.0 billion. In October 2025, our Board of Directors authorized increasing the remaining share repurchase amount of the share repurchase program from $645 million to $2.0 billion and extending its expiration date from November 3, 2026 to November 3, 2027. All repurchases under the stock repurchase program are made from time to time at our discretion in accordance with applicable federal securities laws in the open market or otherwise, including pursuant to plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchases or block trades, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. All share repurchases of our common stock have been recorded as treasury shares. ITEM 5 — OTHER INFORMATION During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, there were no Rule 10b5‑1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K) or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) adopted or terminated by any director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a‑1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company. 38 Table of Contents ITEM 6 — EXHIBITS List of Exhibits Exhibit No. Description of Document 10.1 † Las Vegas Sands Corp. Amended and Restated Executive Cash Incentive Pla n . 10.2 † Employment Agreement, dated March 3, 2026, between Las Vegas Sands Corp. and Patrick Dumont. 10.3 † Employment Agreement, dated March 3, 2026, between Las Vegas Sands Corp. and Randy Hyzak. 10.4 † Employment Agreement, dated March 3, 2026, between Las Vegas Sands Corp. and D. Zachary Hudson. 10.5 † Las Vegas Sands C orp. Amended and Resta ted 2004 Equity A wa rd Plan. 10.6 † Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Award Plan . 10.7 † Form of Executive Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Award Plan. 10.8 † Form of Executive Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Award Plan . 10.9 † Form of Director Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Award Plan . 10.10 † Form of Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Award Plan. 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1+ Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands Corp. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2+ Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Las Vegas Sands Corp. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following financial information from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (“iXBRL”): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. ____________________ + This exhibit will not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. † Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 39 Table of Contents LAS VEGAS SANDS CORP. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. LAS VEGAS SANDS CORP. April 24, 2026 By: / S / P ATRICK D UMONT Patrick Dumont Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) April 24, 2026 By: / S / R ANDY H YZAK Randy Hyzak Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 40 