=== UNM_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, and the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in Item 8. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page E xecutive Summary 38 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP and Other Fina ncial Measures 42 C ritical Accounting Estim ates 45 C onsolidated Operating Results 54 S egment Results 56 U num US Segment 57 U num International Segment 66 C olonial Life Segment 72 C losed Block Segment 75 C orpo rate Segment 79 I nvestments 80 L iquidity and Capital Resources 86 37 Table of Contents Executive Summary 2025 Operating Performance and Capital Management For 2025, we reported net income of $738.5 million, or $4.27 per diluted common share, compared to net income of $1,779.1 million, or $9.46 per diluted common share, in 2024. Included in our results for 2025 are: A net investment loss of $106.6 million before tax and $83.5 million after tax, or $0.49 per diluted common share; Amortization of the cost of reinsurance of $116.7 million before tax and $92.2 million after tax, or $0.53 per diluted common share; Amortization of the deferred gain on reinsurance of $9.0 million before tax and $7.1 after tax, or $0.04 per diluted common share; Non-contemporaneous reinsurance of $29.6 million before tax and $23.3 million after tax, or $0.14 per diluted common share; A net reserve increase related to assumption updates of $478.5 million before tax and $377.8 million after tax, or $2.18 per diluted common share; A settlement loss on the U.S. pension plan annuity purchase of $103.8 million before tax and $82.0 million after tax, or $0.47 per diluted common share; and An accelerated charitable contribution of $20.0 million before tax and $15.8 million after tax, or $0.09 per diluted common share. Included in our results for 2024 are: A net investment loss of $34.6 million before tax and $27.0 million after tax, or $0.14 per diluted common share; Amortization of the cost of reinsurance of $41.4 million before tax and $32.7 million after tax, or $0.17 per diluted common share; Non-contemporaneous reinsurance of $25.1 million before tax and $19.9 million after tax, or $0.11 per diluted common share; A net reserve decrease related to assumption updates of $357.4 million before tax and $282.6 million after tax, or $1.50 per diluted common share; and A loss resulting from a legal settlement of $15.3 million before tax and $12.1 million after tax, or $0.06 per diluted common share. Excluding these items, after-tax adjusted operating income for 2025 was $1,406.0 million, or $8.13 per diluted common share compared to $1,588.2 million, or $8.44 per diluted common share for 2024. See "Closed Block Long-Term Care and Unum US Individual Disability Reinsurance Transaction", "Settlement Loss on the U.S. Pension Plan Annuity Purchase", "Accelerated Charitable Contribution", "Loss on Legal Settlement" and "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures" contained herein in this Item 7 and Notes 3, 11, 14 and 15 contained herein Item 8 for a reconciliation of these items. Our Unum US segment reported income before income tax and net investment gains and losses of $1,427.6 million in 2025 compared to $1,582.8 million in 2024, which include the reserve assumption updates that occurred during the third quarters of 2025 and 2024. Also included in our Unum US segment results for 2025, are the amortization of the deferred gain on reinsurance and the impact of non-contemporaneous reinsurance both of which resulted from the Closed Block long-term care and Unum US individual disability reinsurance transaction (Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction). Excluding these items, our Unum US segment reported lower adjusted operating income of $1,271.9 million in 2025 compared to $1,439.2 million in 2024 , primarily due to less favorable benefits experience, partially offset by higher premiums. Th e benefit ratio, excluding the reserve assumption updates and the impact of non-contemporaneous reinsurance, for our Unum US segment for 2025 was 60.2 percent, compared to 58.2 percent in 2024. Unum US sale s decreased 0.6 percent in 2025 compared to 2024. See "Closed Block Long-Term Care and Unum US Individual Disability Reinsurance Transaction" contained herein for further discussion of the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction. Our Unum International segment reported income before income tax and net investment gains and losses of $157.7 million in 2025 compared to $150.3 million in 2024, which include the reserve assumption updates during the third quarters of 2025 and 2024 . Excluding these items, our Unum International segment reported adjusted operating income of $152.3 million in 2025 38 Table of Contents compared to $157.8 million in 2024. As measured in local currency, o ur Unum UK line of business reported lower adjusted operating income, which excludes the reserve assumption updates, of 107.5 million in 2025 compared to 117.8 million in 2024, primarily due to unfavorable benefits experience in the group long-term disability product line, partially offset by higher premium income and higher net investment income. The benefit ratio for our Unum UK line of business, excluding the reserve assumption updates, was 73.5 percent in 2025 compared to 69.8 percent in 2024. Unum International sales, as measured in U.S. dollars, increased 5.5 percent in 2025 compared to 2024. Unum UK sales, as measured in local currency, decreased 3.1 percent in 2025 compared to 2024. Our Colonial Life segment reported income before income tax and net investment gains and losses of $472.5 million in 2025 compared to $512.7 million in 2024, which include the reserve assumption updates during the third quarters of 2025 and 2024. Excluding these items, our Colonial Life segment reported adjusted operating income of $463.6 million in 2025 compared to $466.7 million in 2024, primarily due to less favorable benefits experience as well as higher operating expenses, partially offset by higher premium income. The benefit ratio, excluding the reserve assumption updates, for Colonial Life was 48.1 percent in 2025 compared to 47.7 percent in 2024. Colonial Life sales increased 5.3 percent in 2025 compared to 2024. Our Closed Block segment reported a loss before income tax and net investment gains and losses of $722.3 million in 2025 compared to income before income tax and net investment gains and losses of $246.6 million in 2024, which includes the reserve assumption updates that occurred during the third quarters of 2025 and 2024, the amortization of the cost of reinsurance, and the impact of non-contemporaneous reinsurance. Excluding these items, our Closed Block segment reported lower adjusted operating income of $63.5 million in 2025 compared to $137.8 million in 2024, primarily due to lower net investment income driven by a decrease in the level of invested assets. The net premium ratio for long-term care increased to 97.5 percent at December 31, 2025 from 94.6 percent at December 31, 2024. A rising interest rate environment could positively impact our yields on new investments, but could also increase unrealized losses in our current holdings. Alternatively, a declining interest rate environment could negatively impact our yields on new investments, but could also reduce unrealized losses in our current holdings. As of December 31, 2025, we do not hold any securities with a decline in fair value below amortized cost which we intend to sell nor any securities for which it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell before recovery in amortized cost for which an impairment loss was not recorded. The net unrealized loss on our fixed maturity securities was $1.7 billion and $2.6 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, with the decrease due primarily to a decrease in U.S. Treasury rates. The earned book yield on our investment portfolio decreased to 4.35 percent for 2025 compared to a yield of 4.44 percent for 2024. Additionally, a rising interest rate environment could result in reserve decreases while a declining interest rate environment could result in reserve increases, specific to our liability for future policy benefits, as the reserve discount rate assumptions used in the calculation of our liability are updated at each reporting date using a yield that is reflective of an upper-medium grade fixed income instrument, which is generally equivalent to a single-A interest rate matched to the duration of certain of our insurance liabilities. The change in discount rate assumptions on the liability for future policy benefits, net of reinsurance, due primarily to the decrease in U.S Treasury rates during 2025, resulted in an increase to the liability for future policy benefits, net of reinsurance, of approximately $0.3 billion. We believe our capital and financial positions are strong. At December 31, 2025, the RBC ratio for our traditional U.S. insurance subsidiaries, calculated on a weighted average basis using the NAIC Company Action Level formula, was approximately 440 percent, which is in line with our expectations. We repurchased 13.6 million shares of Unum Group common stock under our share repurchase program, at a cost of $1,011.7 million, which includes commissions and excise tax. Our weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming dilution, equaled 172.9 million and 188.1 million for 2025 and 2024, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, Unum Group and our intermediate holding companies had available holding company liquidity of $2,344.1 million that was held primarily in bank deposits, commercial paper, money market funds, corporate bonds, municipal bonds, and asset backed securities. 39 Table of Contents Closed Block Long-Term Care and Unum US Individual Disability Reinsurance Transaction In February 2025, Unum Life Insurance Company of America (Unum America) entered into a master transaction agreement with Fortitude Reinsurance Company Ltd. (Fortitude Re) which resulted in the execution of a coinsurance agreement (reinsurance agreement) during July 2025. This reinsurance agreement reinsures a portion of our Closed Block long-term care business and a portion of our Unum US individual disability business on a coinsurance basis to Fortitude Re effective January 2025. The reinsurance agreement represents approximately 21 percent of total Closed Block long-term care future policy benefits and approximately 15 percent of Unum US individual disability future policy benefits as of December 31, 2024. Upon closing the transaction in July 2025, we transferred to Fortitude Re $953.5 million of cash as well as fixed maturity securities with a fair value totaling $3,230.1 million and accrued investment income of $47.1 million. After consideration of the final settlement, the final ceding commission related to this transaction was $442.3 million. Fortitude Re established and will maintain a collateralized trust account for the benefit of Unum America to secure its obligations under the reinsurance agreement. As a result of this reinsurance agreement, we recognized the following: Net realized investment loss totaling $46.8 million during the year ended 2025. Reinsurance recoverable of $3,620.5 million comprised of ceded reserves of $3,315.2 million related to the Closed Block long-term care product line and $305.3 million related to the Unum US individual disability product line. Cost of reinsurance of $848.2 million related to the Closed Block long-term care product line and a deferred gain on reinsurance related to the Unum US individual disability product line of $145.9 million. Write-off of deferred acquisition costs related to the Unum US individual disability product line of $100.3 million which is included as a component of deferred gain on reinsurance. In July 2025, immediately prior to entering into the reinsurance agreement with Fortitude Re, Unum America recaptured the aforementioned Closed Block long-term care business from Fairwind Insurance Company (Fairwind), an affiliated captive reinsurer, and assumed the aforementioned Unum US individual disability business from Provident Life and Accident Insurance Company (Provident), an affiliate. See "Investments" and "Liquidity and Capital Resources" contained herein Item 7, and Notes 3 and 14 in the "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein Item 8 for further information. 2025, 2024, and 2023 Reserve Assumption Updates During the third quarters of 2025, 2024, and 2023, we completed our annual cash flow assumption review and updated certain of our assumptions used to develop the liability for future policy benefits. For more information see "Critical Accounting Estimates" included herein in this Item 7 as well as Note 6 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. Settlement Loss on the U.S. Pension Plan Annuity Purchase During the fourth quarter of 2025, we incurred a loss of $103.8 million before tax within our Corporate segment related to a purchase of an annuity contract which transferred a portion of our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan obligation to a third-party. The loss is recorded within other expenses in the consolidated statements of income. For more information see Note 11 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. Accelerated Charitable Contribution During the fourth quarter of 2025, we incurred an expense related to an accelerated charitable contribution of $20.0 million before tax within our Corporate segment. The expense is recorded within other expenses in the consolidated statements of income. For more information see Note 15 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. 40 Table of Contents Loss on Legal Settlement During the third quarter of 2024, we incurred a loss of $15.3 million before tax within our Corporate segment for the settlement of an employment-related matter. $4.9 million of the loss is recorded within compensation expense and $10.4 million of the loss is recorded within other expenses in the consolidated statements of income. For more information see Note 15 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. One Big Beautiful Bill Act In July 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) was signed into U.S. law. We do not expect the OBBBA to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. Inflation Reduction Act In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law in the U.S. and includes certain corporate tax provisions effective January 1, 2023. The IRA imposed a 15 percent corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) on adjusted financial statement income (AFSI) on corporations that have average AFSI over $1.0 billion in any prior three-year period, starting with years 2020 to 2022. Our company is an applicable corporation and we have recorded a CAMT liability as of December 31, 2025. We do not expect CAMT to impact earnings since it is offset with a minimum tax credit toward regular income tax in subsequent years. The IRA also imposed a one percent excise tax on fair market value of corporate stock repurchases after December 31, 2022. This excise tax is recorded as part of the cost basis of treasury stock and is assessed on the fair market value of stock purchases, reduced by the fair value of any shares issued during the period. Global Minimum Tax The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has established model rules to ensure a minimum level of tax of 15 percent (Pillar Two) for multinational companies. Several jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Poland have adopted Pillar Two beginning on or after December 31, 2023. We have not recorded material Pillar Two taxes as of December 31, 2025. We will continue to monitor legislative developments. U.K. Tax Law Change In June 2021, the Finance Act 2021 was enacted, resulting in a U.K. tax rate increase from 19 percent to 25 percent, effective April 1, 2023. Consolidated Company Outlook for 2026 We believe our strategy of providing financial protection products at the workplace puts us in a position of strength. We continue to fulfill our corporate purpose of helping the working world thrive throughout life s moments by providing an excellent experience centered on service, expertise and empathy to people at their time of need. Our strategy remains centered on growing our core businesses, through investing and transforming our operations and technology to anticipate and respond to the changing needs of our customers, expanding into new adjacent markets through meaningful partnerships and effective deployment of our capital across our portfolio. In 2025, earnings in our core businesses remained strong, although they declined compared to the prior year. We expect earnings growth in our core operations to resume in 2026. The products and services we provide deliver significant value to employers, employees and their families, and we believe this will help drive strong premium growth in 2026. A rising interest rate environment could positively impact our yields on new investments, but could also increase unrealized losses in our current holdings. Alternatively, a declining interest rate environment could negatively impact our yields on new investments, but could also reduce unrealized losses in our current holdings. We may also continue to experience further volatility in miscellaneous investment income primarily related to changes in partnership net asset values as well as bond calls. 41 Table of Contents As part of our discipline in pricing and reserving, we continuously monitor emerging claim trends and interest rates. We will continue to take appropriate pricing actions on new business and renewals that are reflective of the current environment and may continue to utilize derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate risk. Our business is well-diversified by geography within our markets, industry exposures and case size, and we continue to analyze and employ strategies that we believe will help us navigate the current environment. These strategies allow us to maintain financial flexibility to support the needs of our businesses, while also returning capital to our shareholders. We have strong core businesses that have a track record of generating significant free cash flow, and we will continue to invest in our operations and expand into adjacent markets where we can best leverage our expertise and capabilities to capture market growth opportunities as those opportunities emerge. We believe that consistent operating results, combined with the implementation of strategic initiatives and the effective deployment of capital, will allow us to meet our financial objectives. Further discussion is included in "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures," "Consolidated Operating Results," "Segment Results," "Investments," and "Liquidity and Capital Resources" contained herein in this Item 7 and in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. Reconciliation of Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures We analyze our performance using non-GAAP financial measures. A non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company's performance, financial position, or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The non-GAAP financial measure of "after-tax adjusted operating income" differs from net income as presented in our consolidated operating results and income statements prepared in accordance with GAAP due to the exclusion of investment gains or losses, certain impacts from reinsurance transactions, reserve assumption updates and certain other items as specified in the reconciliations below. We believe after-tax adjusted operating income is a better performance measure and better indicator of the profitability and underlying trends in our business. Investment gains or losses primarily include realized investment gains or losses, expected investment credit losses, impairment losses, and gains or losses on derivatives. Investment gains or losses depend on market conditions and do not necessarily relate to decisions regarding the underlying business of our segments. Our investment focus is on investment income to support our insurance liabilities as opposed to the generation of investment gains or losses. Although we may experience investment gains or losses which will affect future earnings levels, a long-term focus is necessary to maintain profitability over the life of the business since our underlying business is long-term in nature, and we need to earn the interest rates assumed in calculating our liabilities. At times, we utilize reinsurance transactions to manage risk related to certain portions of our business including the exit of portions of our Closed Block businesses. As a result, we exclude the amortization of the cost of reinsurance and the amortization of the deferred gain on reinsurance that are recognized after the closing of these transactions. We also exclude the impact of non-contemporaneous reinsurance for these transactions. While the total equity impact of non-contemporaneous reinsurance is neutral, the difference in original discount rates utilized for direct and ceded reserves results in a disproportionate earnings impact. We believe that the exclusion of these items provides a better view of our results from our ongoing businesses. Cash flow assumptions used to calculate our liability for future policy benefits are reviewed at least annually and updated, as needed, with the resulting impact reflected in net income. While the effects of these assumption updates are recorded in the reporting period in which the review is completed, these updates reflect experience emergence and changes to expectations spanning multiple periods. We believe that by excluding the impact of reserve assumption updates we are providing a more comparable and consistent view of our results. We may at other times exclude certain other items from our discussion of financial ratios and metrics in order to enhance the understanding and comparability of our operational performance and the underlying fundamentals, but this exclusion is not an indication that similar items may not recur and does not replace net income or net loss as a measure of our overall profitability. See "Executive Summary," "Investments," and "Critical Accounting Estimates" contained herein in Item 7 and Notes 3, 6, 11, 14, and 15 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8 for further discussion regarding the items specified in the reconciliation below. 42 Table of Contents A reconciliation of GAAP financial measures to our non-GAAP financial measures is as follows: Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) per share * (in millions) per share * (in millions) per share * Net Income $ 738.5 $ 4.27 $ 1,779.1 $ 9.46 $ 1,283.8 $ 6.50 Excluding: Net Investment Loss Net Investment Loss Related to the Fortitude Re Reinsurance Transaction (net of tax benefit of $9.9; $ ; $ ) (36.9) (0.21) Net Investment Loss, Other (net of tax benefit of $13.2; $7.6; $7.8) (46.6) (0.28) (27.0) (0.14) (28.2) (0.14) Total Net Investment Loss (83.5) (0.49) (27.0) (0.14) (28.2) (0.14) Amortization of the Cost of Reinsurance (net of tax benefit of $24.5; $8.7; $9.3) (92.2) (0.53) (32.7) (0.17) (34.8) (0.18) Amortization of the Deferred Gain on Reinsurance (net of tax expense of $1.9; $ ; $ ) 7.1 0.04 Non-Contemporaneous Reinsurance (net of tax benefit of $6.3; $5.2; $7.3) (23.3) (0.14) (19.9) (0.11) (27.5) (0.14) Reserve Assumption Updates (net of tax expense (benefit) of $(100.7); $74.8; $(37.9)) (377.8) (2.18) 282.6 1.50 (139.3) (0.70) Settlement Loss on the U.S. Pension Plan Annuity Purchase (net of tax benefit of $21.8; $ ; $ ) (82.0) (0.47) Accelerated Charitable Contribution (net tax benefit of $4.2; $ ; $ ) (15.8) (0.09) Loss on Legal Settlement (net of tax benefit of $ ; $3.2; $ ) (12.1) (0.06) After-tax Adjusted Operating Income $ 1,406.0 $ 8.13 $ 1,588.2 $ 8.44 $ 1,513.6 $ 7.66 * Assuming Dilution We measure and analyze our segment performance on the basis of "adjusted operating revenue" and "adjusted operating income" or "adjusted operating loss", which differ from total revenue and income before income tax as presented in our consolidated statements of income due to the exclusion of investment gains and losses, certain impacts from reinsurance transactions, reserve assumption updates, and certain other items specified in the reconciliations below. These performance measures are in accordance with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, but they should not be viewed as a substitute for total revenue, income before income tax, or net income. 43 Table of Contents A reconciliation of total revenue to "adjusted operating revenue" and income before income tax to "adjusted operating income" is as follows: Year Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 (in millions of dollars) Total Revenue $ 13,075.5 $ 12,887.3 $ 12,385.9 Excluding: Net Investment Loss (106.6) (34.6) (36.0) Amortization of the Deferred Gain on Reinsurance 9.0 Adjusted Operating Revenue $ 13,173.1 $ 12,921.9 $ 12,421.9 Income Before Income Tax $ 933.5 $ 2,251.3 $ 1,640.1 Excluding: Net Investment Loss Net Investment Loss Related to the Fortitude Re Reinsurance Transaction (46.8) Net Investment Loss, Other (59.8) (34.6) (36.0) Total Net Investment Loss (106.6) (34.6) (36.0) Amortization of the Cost of Reinsurance (116.7) (41.4) (44.1) Amortization of the Deferred Gain on Reinsurance 9.0 Non-Contemporaneous Reinsurance (29.6) (25.1) (34.8) Reserve Assumption Updates (478.5) 357.4 (177.2) Settlement Loss on the U.S. Pension Plan Annuity Purchase (103.8) Accelerated Charitable Contribution (20.0) Loss on Legal Settlement (15.3) Adjusted Operating Income $ 1,779.7 $ 2,010.3 $ 1,932.2 44 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Estimates We prepare our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. Estimates and assumptions could change in the future as more information becomes known, which could impact the amounts reported and disclosed in our financial statements. The accounting estimates deemed to be most critical to our financial position and results of operations are those related to the liability for future policy benefits, valuation of investments, income taxes, and contingent liabilities. For additional information, refer to our significant accounting policies in Note 1 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. Liability for Future Policy Benefits Liabilities for future policy benefits represent the cost of claims that we estimate we will eventually pay to our policyholders and the related expenses for our non interest-sensitive products. Liability for future policy benefits includes policy liabilities for claims not yet incurred and for claims that have been incurred or are estimated to have been incurred but not yet reported to us. Liability for future policy benefits equaled $38.0 billion and $36.8 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, or approximately 72.6 percent and 72.2 percent of our total liabilities, respectively. Liability for future policy benefits ceded to reinsurers was $10.3 billion and $7.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and are reported as a reinsurance recoverable in our consolidated balance sheets. Liabilities for future policy benefits are initially established in the same period in which we issue a policy, and equal the difference between projected future policy benefits and projected future premiums, allowing a margin for expenses and profit. The liabilities for future policy benefits build up and release over time, based on the emergence of cash flows, including premiums received and claims paid, and updated expectations for future cash flows. Liabilities for future policy benefits are updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in the liability based on policy development over time, emerging experience, and any assumption updates required to maintain the best estimate basis for expected future cash flows as required by GAAP. These future policy benefit liabilities are based on actual known facts regarding the liability, such as the benefits available under the applicable policy, the covered benefit period, the age, and, as appropriate, the occupation and cause of disability of the claimant, as well as assumptions derived from our actual historical experience and expected future changes in experience for factors such as the claim duration, claim administration expenses, discount rate, policy benefit offsets, including those for social security and other government-based welfare benefits. The liability for future policy benefits also includes the liabilities for incurred claims. Future policy benefit liabilities primarily relate to our traditional long-duration products which include our group, individual disability and certain of our voluntary benefits products in our Unum US segment; group, individual disability and life products in our Unum International segment; certain of our voluntary benefits products in our Colonial Life segment; and long-term care and certain of our other products in our Closed Block segment. In calculating the liability for future policy benefits, our long-duration contracts are grouped into cohorts by product type and contract issue year. Liabilities for future policy benefits for claims not yet incurred are generally determined using the net premium model as prescribed by GAAP. At each reporting period, the liability for future policy benefits is remeasured at the current discount rate with the change recorded in other comprehensive income. The calculation of the liability for future policy benefits involves numerous assumptions including discount rate, lapses, mortality, and morbidity. Certain product lines may utilize additional assumptions in calculating the liability for future policy benefits in addition to those listed above such as premium rate increases for long-term care, benefit offsets for Unum US long-term disability, claim costs for Unum US voluntary benefits and Colonial Life, and inflation-linked benefits for Unum UK group disability and group life. Claim costs capture the combined effect of the incidence rate, the expected level of benefit to be paid, and the claim resolution rate. Cash flow assumptions are reviewed and updated, as needed, at least annually. Assumptions may be updated more frequently, if necessary, based on trending experience. On a quarterly basis, cohort level cash flow measures are updated based on the emergence of actual experience. The updated cash flows, based on experience emergence and any assumption updates, are used to determine the updated net premiums, the 45 Table of Contents portion of the gross premium required to provide for all benefits and expenses, excluding acquisition costs or any costs that are required to be charged to expense as incurred. The updated net premium ratio is used to calculate the updated liability for future policy benefits as of the beginning of year, at the original discount rate. To the extent the present value of future benefits and expenses exceeds the present value of future gross premiums, an immediate charge is recognized in net income, such that net premiums are set equal to gross premiums. Future policy benefit liabilities are floored at zero at the cohort level in situations where the liabilities for future policy benefits are less than zero. The change in the liability for future policy benefits, at the original discount rate, as of the beginning of the period, resulting from cash flow changes, including changes in cash flow assumptions, is reflected as the change in benefits - remeasurement gain or loss in the consolidated statements of income. The impact of all other changes in the liability for future policy benefits are reflected as policy benefits in the consolidated statements of income. Key Assumptions The calculation of the liability for future policy benefits involves numerous assumptions, but the primary assumptions used to calculate the liability are (1) the discount rate, (2) the claim resolution rate, (3) the claim incidence rate, and (4) policyholder lapse and mortality: 1. The discount rate , which is used in calculating the liability for future policy benefits, is the interest rate that we use to discount future cash flows including premium and claim payments to determine the present value. A higher discount rate produces a lower reserve. If the discount rate is higher than our future investment returns, our invested assets will not earn enough investment income to support our future claim payments. The original discount rates are initially set at the transition date of accounting standard updated (ASU) 2018-12, which was January 1, 2021, for policies originally issued before the transition date, or at the policy issuance date, for policies issued on or after the transition date. For policies issued on or after the transition date, the original discount rate assumptions reflect an upper-medium grade (low-credit risk) fixed-income instrument yield based on the currency in which the liabilities are assumed and matched to the duration of the insurance liabilities. For all cohorts, the liability is then remeasured at each reporting period using the current discount rate reflective of an upper-medium grade fixed-income instrument. We primarily utilize a forward curve which is derived from the underlying spot curve using interpolation to develop an ultimate forward rate. 2. The claim resolution rate is the probability that a disability or long-term care claim will close due to recovery or death of the insured and it is used to estimate how long benefits will be paid for a claim. Estimated resolution rates that are set too high will result in liabilities that are lower than they need to be to pay the claim benefits over time. Claim resolution assumptions involve many factors, including the cause of disability, the policyholder's age, the type of contractual benefits provided including benefit elections, and the time since initial disability. We primarily use our own claim experience to develop our claim resolution assumptions. These assumptions are established for the probability of death and the probability of recovery from disability. Our studies incorporate actual claim resolution experience over a number of years and consider any observed trends over the study period. We also consider any expected future changes in claim resolution experience. 3. The incidence rate is the rate at which new claims are submitted to us. The incidence rate is affected by many factors, including the age of the insured, the insured's occupation or industry, the benefit plan design, and certain external factors such as consumer confidence and levels of unemployment. We establish our incidence assumption using a historical review of actual incidence results along with an outlook of future incidence expectations. 4. Policyholder lapse and mortality assumption s reflect the probability that insureds coverage is discontinued due to lapsation or death of the insured. For our life insurance products, mortality assumptions also reflect the probability that a benefit payment occurs. These rates are affected by many factors, including the age of the insured, the insured's occupation or industry, the benefit plan design, and the length of time from policy or certificate issue to valuation date. We establish our mortality and lapse assumptions using a historical review of actual results along with an outlook of future expectations. Establishing liability for future policy benefit assumptions is complex and involves many factors. Liabilities for future policy benefits, particularly for policies offering insurance coverage for long-term disabilities and long-term care, are dependent on numerous assumptions other than just those presented in the preceding discussion. The impact of internal and external events, such as changes in claims operational procedures, economic trends such as the rate of unemployment and the level of consumer 46 Table of Contents confidence, the emergence of new diseases, new trends and developments in medical treatments, and legal trends and legislative changes, including changes to social security and other government-based welfare benefits programs which provide policy benefit offsets, among other factors, will influence claim incidence rates, claim resolution rates, and claim costs. In addition, for policies offering coverage for disability or long-term care at advanced ages, the level and pattern of mortality rates at advanced ages will impact overall benefit costs. Reserve assumptions differ by product line and by policy type within a product line. Additionally, in any period and over time, our actual experience may have a positive or negative variance from our long-term assumptions, either singularly or collectively, and these variances may offset each other. We review our assumptions at least annually with a long-term view of our expected experience over the life of a block of business rather than test just one or a few assumptions independently that may be aberrant over a short period of time. Based on this review, we update our assumptions to reflect our current best estimates. Therefore, while it is possible to evaluate the sensitivity of overall results in our liability for future policy benefits based upon a change in each individual assumption, the actual impacts of changes to a variety of underlying assumptions must be considered in the aggregate by product line in order to judge the overall potential implications to the liability for future policy benefits. The following sections present the impacts of our most recent cash flow assumption reviews and an overview of our trend analysis for key assumptions and the results of variability in our assumptions, in aggregate, for the liabilities for future policy benefits which we believe are reasonably possible to have a material impact on our future financial results if actual claims yield a materially different amount than what we currently expect and have reserved for, either favorable or unfavorable. Cash Flow Assumption Review Our cash flow assumption reviews during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 resulted in the following impacts to net income as a result of updating certain assumptions related to the liability for future policy benefits: December 31 2025 2024 2023 (in millions of dollars) Cash Flow Assumption Update Impacts to Income Before Income Tax Unum US Group Disability $ 105.8 $ 90.0 $ 121.0 Group Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment 3.1 13.0 Voluntary Benefits 11.1 (12.2) 10.4 Individual Disability 27.7 52.8 (2.6) Total Unum US 147.7 143.6 128.8 Unum International 5.4 (7.5) (17.9) Colonial Life 8.9 46.0 80.7 Closed Block Long-term Care (643.1) 174.1 (368.1) Closed Block - All Other 2.6 1.2 (0.7) Total Closed Block (640.5) 175.3 (368.8) Cash Flow Assumption Update Impacts to Income Before Income Tax $ (478.5) $ 357.4 $ (177.2) Cash Flow Assumption Update Impacts to Net Income $ (377.8) $ 282.6 $ (139.3) 47 Table of Contents 2025 Significant Cash Flow Assumption Updates: The cash flow assumption updates in our Closed Block segment were primarily driven by the long-term care product line. The impact to income before income tax for this product line was $643.1 million. However, there were also updates to the assumptions for the portion of the long-term care product line which was included in the block ceded as a part of the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction. We increased our liability for future policy benefits by $82.0 million as a result of the assumption updates related to the ceded block with a corresponding increase in our consolidated balance sheet as a reinsurance recoverable. The total cash flow assumption updates in the long-term care product line increased our liability for future policy benefits due primarily to the removal of the morbidity and mortality improvement assumptions. Also contributing were higher expectations for claim incidence assumptions, and the removal of future assumptions related to new enrollments on existing group cases, partially offset by an increase to expected future premium rate approvals and higher expectations for claim terminations. The cash flow assumption updates in our Unum US group long-term disability product line reduced our liability for future policy benefits by $105.8 million, due primarily to claim resolution assumptions driven by favorable claim recovery trends as well as higher mortality expectations. The cash flow assumption updates in our Unum US individual disability product line reduced our liability for future policy benefits by $27.7 million, due primarily to favorable claim incidence and recovery trends. 2024 Significant Cash Flow Assumption Updates: The cash flow assumption updates in our Unum US group long-term disability product line reduced our liability for future policy benefits by $90.0 million, due primarily to claim resolution assumptions driven by favorable claim recovery trends. The cash flow assumption updates in our Unum US individual disability product line reduced our liability for future policy benefits by $52.8 million, due primarily to favorable claim incidence trends. The cash flow assumption updates in our Colonial Life segment reduced our liability for future policy benefits by $46.0 million, due primarily to improved claim cost assumptions. The cash flow assumption updates in our Closed Block segment were primarily driven by the long-term care product line which reduced our liability for future policy benefits by $174.1 million, due primarily to an increase to expected premium rate increase approvals within our existing premium rate increase program, partially offset by lower than expected persistency on group policies. 2023 Significant Cash Flow Assumption Updates: The cash flow assumption updates in our Unum US group long-term disability product line reduced our liability for future policy benefits by $121.0 million, due primarily to claim resolution assumptions driven by favorable claim recovery trends. The cash flow assumption updates in our Colonial Life segment reduced our liability for future policy benefits by $80.7 million, due primarily to improvement in certain of our claim cost assumptions and increased policyholder lapse rates. The cash flow assumption updates in our Closed Block segment were primarily driven by the long-term care product line which increased our liability for future policy benefits by $368.1 million, due primarily to lower expectations for active policy lapse and mortality assumptions, partially offset by an increase to expected premium rate increase approvals within our existing premium rate increase program. Trends in Key Assumptions Generally, we do not expect our mortality and morbidity claim incidence trends or our persistency trends to change significantly in the short-term, and to the extent that these trends do change, we expect those changes to be gradual over a longer period of time. We have historically experienced an increase in our group long-term disability morbidity claim incidence trends during and following a recessionary period and believe claim incidence trends may continue to somewhat follow general economic conditions and demographics of the general workforce. 48 Table of Contents The long-term discount rates underlying our liabilities are reflective of rates based on the issue year of the cohort or rates underlying the liabilities at transition to the updated accounting basis as prescribed by ASU 2018-12. The discount rate assumption for new cohorts, after the transition date, is based on the interest rate of an upper-medium grade fixed-income instrument for that cohort period. Our claim resolution rate assumption used in determining the liability for future policy benefits is our expectation of the resolution rate we will experience over the life of the block of business and will vary from actual experience in any one period, both favorably and unfavorably. Claim resolution rates are very sensitive to operational and environmental changes and have a greater chance of significant variability in a shorter period of time than our other reserve assumptions. These rates are reviewed on a quarterly basis for the death and recovery components separately. While claim resolution rates in our Unum US group long-term disability product line have exhibited an increasing trend over the last several years, this trend has been slowing in recent periods. Sensitivity Analysis We monitor our key assumptions and test the sensitivity of our liability for future policy benefits under a range of scenarios. This sensitivity analysis is completed at least annually for our product lines with a higher level of estimation uncertainty and utilizes the liability for future policy benefits valued at the original discount rate. See "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" contained herein in Item 7A for information regarding the sensitivity of the current discount rate used to remeasure the liability for future policy benefits at each reporting date. In our estimation, scenarios based on certain variations in each of our assumptions for our Unum US group long-term disability product line could produce a change of approximately $80 million which represents 1.7 percent of our Unum US group disability liability for future policy benefits balance. Of the assumptions impacting the estimated change in the liability for future policy benefits, the largest contributor is the claim resolution rate for which we assumed a change of approximately 10 percent. In our estimation, scenarios based on certain possible variations in each of our assumptions for our Colonial Life segment could produce a change of approximately $50 million which represents 2.5 percent of our Colonial Life liability for future policy benefits balance. Of the assumptions impacting the estimated change in the liability for future policy benefits, the largest contributor is the claim costs, for which we assumed a change of approximately 5 percent. We also consider variability in our assumptions related to the long-term care liability for future policy benefits. In our estimation, scenarios based on certain variations in each of our assumptions could produce potential results as illustrated in the chart below. The liability for future policy benefits for long-term care is based upon a number of key assumptions, and each assumption has various factors which may impact the long-term outcome. Key assumptions with respect to active policy lapses and mortality, claim incidence and resolutions, and future premium rate increases must incorporate extended views of expectations for many years into the future. The liability for future policy benefits is highly sensitive to these estimates. Key assumptions and related impacts are also heavily interrelated in both their outcome and in their effects on the liability for future policy benefits. For example, changes in the view of morbidity and mortality might be mitigated by either potential future premium rate increases and/or morbidity improvements due to general improvement in health and/or medical breakthroughs. There is a potentially wide range of outcomes for each assumption and in totality. As a result, and given the size of the long-term care liability for future policy benefits in relation to the total liability for future policy benefits, our sensitivity analysis for long-term care reflects the potential impact to the present value of gross liability cash flows for future policy benefits for updates to our key assumptions. The sensitivity analysis related to our key assumptions for the long-term care liability for future policy benefits is as shown below. The impact of changes to these assumptions would partially be reflected in the period in which the assumptions are updated and partially across future periods. Our key assumptions for long-term care no longer include an expectation for incremental morbidity and mortality improvement. Given the significant changes in certain assumptions, the below sensitivity analysis was completed as of the third quarter of 2025 at which point the most recent assumption update review occurred. 49 Table of Contents PV Gross LFPB Cash Flows 1 Net of Reinsurance Long-Term Care Cash Flow Assumptions Sensitivity Unfavorable Favorable (in millions of dollars) Active Policy Lapses and Mortality 7.0 % $ 430 $ 400 Claim Incidence 3.0 % 370 370 Claim Resolutions 2.0 % 290 280 Future Unapproved Premium Rate Increases 10.0 % 140 140 1 Present value of cash flows specific to the LFPB at original discount rate, except using gross premiums instead of net premiums. The impact to current period liability for future benefits would be smaller in magnitude than the present value of gross liability for future policy benefits cash flows due to the updating of the net premium ratio. The current period liability for future policy benefits impact may be asymmetrical (i.e. larger for the unfavorable scenario) for some sensitivities if the assumption update causes the net premium ratio to be capped at 100 percent for any given cohort. The present value of gross liability for future policy benefits cash flows presented above is net of reinsurance while the current period liability for future policy benefits includes all direct business. We believe that these sensitivities provide a reasonable estimate of the possible changes in liability for future policy benefit balances for those product lines where we believe it is possible that variability in the assumptions, in the aggregate, could result in a material impact on our liability for future policy benefit levels, but we record our liability for future policy benefits based on our long-term best estimate for our cohorts and these assumptions are reviewed and updated annually to reflect the current best estimates. Product lines that have long-term claim payout periods have a greater potential for significant variability in claim costs, either positive or negative. We closely monitor emerging experience and use these results to inform our view of long-term assumptions. Fair Value of Investments All of our fixed maturity securities, which are classified as available-for-sale, and all of our unrestricted equity securities are reported at fair value. Our derivative financial instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, are reported as either assets or liabilities and measured at fair value. We report our investments in private equity partnerships at our share of the partnerships' net asset value or its equivalent (NAV), as a practical expedient for fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date and therefore represents an exit price, not an entry price. The exit price objective applies regardless of our intent and/or ability to sell the asset or transfer the liability at the measurement date. We generally use valuation techniques consistent with the market approach, and to a lesser extent, the income approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information from market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities and the income approach converts future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings, to a single present value amount, or a discounted amount. We believe the market approach valuation technique provides more observable data than the income approach, considering the types of investments we hold. The degree of judgment utilized in measuring the fair value of financial instruments generally correlates to the level of pricing observability. Financial instruments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices in active markets generally have more pricing observability and less judgment utilized in measuring fair value. The market sources from which we obtain or derive the fair values of our assets and liabilities carried at market value include quoted market prices for actual trades, price quotes from third-party pricing vendors, price quotes we obtain from outside brokers, discounted cash flow, and observable prices for similar publicly traded or privately traded issues that incorporate the credit quality and industry sector of the issuer. Our fair value measurements could differ significantly based on the valuation technique and available inputs. Inputs to valuation techniques refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants use in pricing assets or liabilities, including assumptions about risk, for example, the risk inherent in a particular valuation technique used to measure fair value 50 Table of Contents and/or the risk inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. We use observable and unobservable inputs in measuring the fair value of our financial instruments. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances, and reflect our evaluation of the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Certain of our investments do not have readily determinable market prices and/or observable inputs or may at times be affected by the lack of market liquidity. For these securities, we use internally prepared valuations, including valuations based on estimates of future profitability, to estimate the fair value. Additionally, we may obtain prices from independent third-party brokers to aid in establishing valuations for certain of these securities. Key assumptions used by us to determine fair value for these securities include risk-free interest rates, risk premiums, performance of underlying collateral (if any), and other factors involving significant assumptions which may or may not reflect those of an active market. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 12.0 percent of our fixed maturity securities were categorized as Level 1, 87.5 percent as Level 2, and 0.5 percent as Level 3. Level 1 is the highest category of the three-level fair value hierarchy classification wherein inputs are unadjusted and represent quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The Level 2 category includes assets or liabilities valued using inputs (other than those included in the Level 1 category) that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability through correlation with market data at the measurement date and for the duration of the instrument's anticipated life. The Level 3 category is the lowest category of the fair value hierarchy and reflects the judgment of management regarding what market participants would use in pricing assets or liabilities at the measurement date using unobservable inputs to extrapolate an estimated fair value. Rapidly changing credit and equity market conditions can materially impact the valuation of securities, and the period to period changes in value can vary significantly. See "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" for information regarding the sensitivity of the estimated fair value for fixed maturity securities contained herein in Item 7A. See Note 2 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. Investment Credit Losses One of the significant estimates related to investments is our credit loss valuation. In determining when a decline in fair value below amortized cost of a fixed maturity security represents a credit loss, we evaluate the following factors: Whether we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security Whether we intend to sell the security or will be required to sell the security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis Whether the security is current as to principal and interest payments The significance of the decline in value Current and future business prospects and trends of earnings The valuation of the security s underlying collateral Relevant industry conditions and trends relative to their historical cycles Market conditions Rating agency and governmental actions Bid and offering prices and the level of trading activity Adverse changes in estimated cash flows for securitized investments Changes in fair value subsequent to the balance sheet date Any other key measures for the related security We evaluate available information, including the factors noted above, both positive and negative, in reaching our conclusions. In particular, we also consider the strength of the issuer s balance sheet, its debt obligations and near term funding requirements, cash flow and liquidity, the profitability of its core businesses, the availability of marketable assets which could be sold to increase liquidity, its industry fundamentals and regulatory environment, and its access to capital markets. Although all available and applicable factors are considered in our analysis, our expectation of recovering the entire amortized cost basis of the security, whether we intend to sell the security, whether it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost, and whether the security is current on principal and interest payments are the most critical 51 Table of Contents factors in determining whether a credit loss is possible. The significance of the decline in value is also an important factor, but we generally do not record a credit loss based solely on this factor, since often other more relevant factors will impact our evaluation of a security. While determining whether a credit loss exists is a judgmental area, we utilize a formal, well-defined, and disciplined process to monitor and evaluate our fixed income investment portfolio, supported by issuer specific research and documentation as of the end of each period. The process results in a thorough evaluation of investments and the recording of credit losses on a timely basis for investments determined to have credit loss. We use a comprehensive rating system to evaluate the investment and credit risk of our mortgage loans and to identify specific properties for inspection and reevaluation. We estimate an allowance for credit losses that we expect to incur over the life of our mortgage loans using a probability of default method. For each loan, we estimate the probability that the loan will default before its maturity (probability of default) and the amount of the loss if the loan defaults (loss given default). These two factors result in an expected loss percentage that is applied to the amortized cost of each loan to determine the expected credit loss. Mortgage loans are reported at amortized cost less the allowance for expected credit losses with the change in expected credit losses recognized as an investment gain or loss in our consolidated statements of income. There are a number of significant risks inherent in the process of monitoring our investments for credit losses and determining when and if a credit loss exists. These risks and uncertainties include the following possibilities: The assessment of a borrower's ability to meet its contractual obligations will change. The economic outlook, either domestic or foreign, may be less favorable or may have a more significant impact on the borrower than anticipated, and as such, the investment may not recover in value. New information may become available concerning the security, such as disclosure of accounting irregularities, fraud, or corporate governance issues. Significant changes in credit spreads may occur in the related industry. Significant increases in interest rates may occur and may not return to levels similar to when securities were initially purchased. Adverse rating agency actions may occur. See Notes 1 and 3 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. Income Taxes We provide for federal, state, and foreign income taxes currently payable, as well as those deferred due to temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Our accounting for income taxes represents our best estimate of various events and transactions. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws in a multitude of jurisdictions, both domestic and foreign. The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits in various jurisdictions, and a material assessment by a governing tax authority could affect profitability. We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining valuation allowances. In evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. We consider our investment strategies when evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets on unrealized losses on investments. In the event we determine that we more likely than not will not be able to realize all or part of our deferred tax assets in the future, an increase to the valuation allowance is recorded in the period such determination is made. Likewise, if it is later determined that it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets will be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance is reversed. In establishing a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, assumptions are made in determining whether, and to what extent, a tax position may be sustained. GAAP prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. The evaluation of a tax position is a two step process. The first step is to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position. The second step is to measure a position that satisfies the recognition threshold at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate 52 Table of Contents settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more likely than not threshold but that now satisfy the recognition threshold are recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met. If a previously recognized tax position is settled for an amount that is different from the amount initially measured, the difference will be recognized as a tax benefit or expense in the period the settlement is effective. Changes in tax laws, tax regulations, or interpretations of such laws or regulations, could have an impact on our provision for income tax and our effective tax rate, which could significantly affect the amounts reported in our financial statements. See "Regulation" contained herein in Item 1. See Note 9 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. Contingent Liabilities On a quarterly basis, we review relevant information with respect to litigation and contingencies to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. An estimated loss is accrued when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. It is possible that our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period could be materially affected by an ultimate unfavorable outcome of pending litigation or regulatory matters depending, in part, on our results of operations or cash flows for the particular period. See Note 16 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. Accounting Developments For information on new accounting standards and the impact, if any, on our financial position or results of operations, see Note 1 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8. 53 Table of Contents Consolidated Operating Results (in millions of dollars) Year Ended December 31 2025 % Change 2024 % Change 2023 Revenue Premium Income $ 10,831.0 3.2 % $ 10,497.4 4.5 % $ 10,046.0 Net Investment Income 2,032.7 (4.6) 2,130.0 1.6 2,096.7 Net Investment Loss (106.6) N.M. (34.6) (3.9) (36.0) Other Income 318.4 8.1 294.5 5.5 279.2 Total Revenue 13,075.5 1.5 12,887.3 4.0 12,385.9 Benefits and Expenses Policy Benefits 7,626.2 2.0 7,480.2 2.3 7,311.9 Policy Benefits - Remeasurement Loss (Gain) 439.1 178.1 (562.3) N.M. (54.8) Commissions 1,355.3 7.7 1,258.6 7.6 1,170.1 Interest and Debt Expense 208.8 3.8 201.1 3.2 194.8 Deferral of Acquisition Costs (697.1) 7.0 (651.5) 3.1 (632.2) Amortization of Deferred Acquisition Costs 527.1 1.2 521.0 8.2 481.4 Compensation Expense 1,183.6 1.5 1,166.2 0.3 1,162.6 Other Expenses 1,499.0 22.6 1,222.7 10.0 1,112.0 Total Benefits and Expenses 12,142.0 14.2 10,636.0 (1.0) 10,745.8 Income Before Income Tax 933.5 (58.5) 2,251.3 37.3 1,640.1 Income Tax 195.0 (58.7) 472.2 32.5 356.3 Net Income $ 738.5 (58.5) $ 1,779.1 38.6 $ 1,283.8 N.M. = not a meaningful percentage Fluctuations in exchange rates, particularly between the British pound sterling and the U.S. dollar for our U.K. operations, have an effect on our consolidated financial results. In periods when the pound weakens relative to the preceding period, translating pounds into dollars decreases current period results relative to the prior period. In periods when the pound strengthens, translating pounds into dollars increases current period results relative to the prior period. The weighted average pound/dollar exchange rate for our Unum UK line of business was 1.318, 1.278, and 1.243 for 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. If the 2024 and 2023 results for our U.K. operations had been translated at the 2025 weighted average exchange rate, our adjusted operating revenue would have been approximately $28 million higher and $50 million higher in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, our adjusted operating income would have been approximately $5 million higher and $9 million higher in 2024 and 2023, respectively. However, except for a limited number of transactions, we do not actually convert pounds into dollars. As a result, we view foreign currency translation as a financial reporting item and not a reflection of operations or profitability in the U.K. We reported year-over-year premium growth in 2025 in each of our core operating segments, primarily due to in-force block growth, sales, and the impacts from the recapture of a previously ceded block of business in our Unum US individual disability product line that occurred in 2025, partially offset by the expected run off in medical stop-loss in our Unum US segment and by the impact of ceding a portion of the Unum US individual disability product line as part of the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction. Premium growth in 2024 was primarily attributable to favorable persistency and higher overall sales in our core operating segments. Premium income continues to decline in our Closed Block segment, as expected, and was accelerated by the impact of ceding a portion of the Closed Block long-term care product line as a part of the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction in 2025. 54 Table of Contents Net investment income was lower in 2025, relative to 2024, primarily related to a decrease in the level of invested assets supporting the Closed Block long-term care product line as a result of the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction, partially offset by higher net investment income in our Corporate segment driven by an increase in the level of invested assets, and an increase in miscellaneous investment income. Net investment income was higher in 2024, relative to 2023, due primarily to higher miscellaneous investment income, primarily related to larger increases in the NAV on our private equity partnerships and an increase in the level of invested assets, partially offset by lower investment income from inflation index-linked bonds held by Unum UK. Investment gains and losses in 2025 were primarily driven by the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction which resulted in a net loss of $46.8 million. In addition, we realized a $19.1 million loss on sales of fixed maturity securities relating to funding of a dividend from one of our subsidiaries in 2025. Our investment gains and losses on fixed maturity securities include net losses on sales of $38.2 million and $48.7 million in 2024, and 2023, respectively. See Note 3 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8 for further discussion. Other income is primarily comprised of fee-based service products in the Unum US segment, which include leave management services and administrative services only business, and the underlying results and associated net investment income of certain assumed blocks of reinsured business in the Closed Block segment. Also included within other income for 2025 are the amortization of the deferred gain on reinsurance related to the Unum US individual disability product line as a part of the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction and a gain on the recapture of a previously ceded block of business in the Unum US individual disability product line. Overall benefits experience was unfavorable in 2025 relative to 2024 and 2023 with a consolidated benefit ratio, which includes the remeasurement gain or loss, of 74.5 percent in 2025 compared to 65.9 percent and 72.2 percent in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The underlying benefits experience for each of our operating segments is discussed more fully in "Segment Results" contained herein in this Item 7. Commissions were higher in 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to the continued impacts from the recapture of a previously ceded block of business in our Unum US individual disability product line that occurred in the first quarter of 2025 as well as sales in our core operating business segments, partially offset by the impacts from the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction for our Unum US individual disability product line. The deferral of acquisition costs was higher in 2025 compared to 2024 due primarily to an increase in commissions and other sales-related costs in our Colonial Life segment. The amortization of deferred acquisition costs was generally consistent in 2025 compared to 2024. Commissions and the deferral of acquisition costs were higher in 2024 compared to 2023 driven primarily by higher overall sales in our Unum US segment and higher prior period sales in our Colonial Life segment. The increase in the amortization of deferred acquisition costs in 2024 compared to 2023 is due primarily to growth in the level of the deferred asset in our Unum US supplemental and voluntary product lines, Colonial Life segment, and Unum US group disability product line and the impact of increased policyholder lapses in certain of our Unum US supplemental and voluntary product line. We reported year-over-year increases in other expenses and compensation expenses, on a combined basis, in 2025 compared to 2024, primarily due to the settlement loss on the U.S pension plan annuity purchase, an increase in the amortization of the cost of reinsurance as a result of the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction, impacts from the recapture of a previously ceded block of business in our Unum US individual disability product line that occurred in 2025, and the accelerated charitable contribution. Other expenses and compensation expenses, on a combined basis, increased in 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to a loss from a legal settlement, an increase in operational investments in our business, and growth in our fee-based service products. See "Executive Summary" contained herein in this Item 7 and Notes 11, 14, and 15 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8 for further discussion. Our effective income tax rate for 2025 was 20.9 percent, compared to 21.0 percent in 2024 and 21.7 percent in 2023. Our 2025, 2024, and 2023 effective tax rates were generally consistent with the U.S. statutory rate. In 2025, interest on unrecognized tax benefits was offset by tax credits. See Note 9 in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" contained herein in Item 8 for further discussion. 55 Table of Contents Consolidated Sales Results Shown below are sales results for our three core operating segments. (in millions) Year Ended December 31 2025 % Change 2024 % Change 2023 Unum US $ 1,358.9 (0.6) % $ 1,367.0 6.5 % $ 1,283.8 Unum International $ 197.2 5.5 % $ 186.9 9.4 % $ 170.9 Colonial Life $ 560.3 5.3 % $ 532.2 (1.4) % $ 539.6 Sales shown in the preceding chart generally represent the annualized premium income on new sales which we expect to receive and report as premium income during the next 12 months following or beginning in the initial quarter in which the sale is reported, depending on the effective date of the new sale. Sales do not correspond to premium income reported as revenue in accordance with GAAP. This is because new annualized sales premiums reflect current sales performance and what we expect to recognize as premium income over a 12 month period, while premium income reported in our financial statements is reported on an "as earned" basis rather than an annualized basis and also includes renewals and persistency of in-force policies written in prior years as well as current new sales. Sales, persistency of the existing block of business, employment and salary growth, and the effectiveness of a renewal program are indicators of growth in premium income. Trends in new sales, as well as existing market share, also indicate the potential for growth in our respective markets and the level of market acceptance of price levels and new product offerings. Sales results may fluctuate significantly due to case size and timing of sales submissions. See "Segment Results" as follows for a discussion of sales by segment. Segment Results Our reportable segments are comprised of the following: Unum US, Unum International, Colonial Life, Closed Block, and Corporate. Financial information for each of our reportable segments is as follows. In describing our results, we may at times note certain items and exclude the impact on financial ratios and metrics to enhance the understanding and comparability of our operational performance and the underlying fundamentals, but this exclusion is not an indication that similar items may not recur. We also measure and analyze our segment performance on the basis of "adjusted operating revenue" and "adjusted operating income" or "adjusted operating loss", which differ from total revenue and income before income tax as presented in our consolidated statements of income due to the exclusion of investment gains and losses and certain other items. These performance measures are in accordance with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, but they should not be viewed as a substitute for total revenue, income before income tax, or net income. See "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" contained herein in this Item 7. 56 Table of Contents Unum US Segment The Unum US segment is comprised of the group disability, group life and accidental death and dismemberment, and supplemental and voluntary lines of business. The group disability line of business includes long-term and short-term disability, medical stop-loss, and fee-based service products. The supplemental and voluntary line of business includes voluntary benefits, individual disability, and dental and vision products. These products, excluding medical stop-loss which was no longer actively marketed as of the third quarter of 2024, are marketed through our field sales personnel who work in conjunction with independent brokers and consultants. Unum US Operating Results Shown below are financial results for the Unum US segment. In the sections following, financial results and key ratios are also presented for the major lines of business within the segment. (in millions of dollars, except ratios) Year Ended December 31 2025 % Change 2024 % Change 2023 Operating Revenue Premium Income $ 7,083.5 2.9 % $ 6,883.2 4.6 % $ 6,579.2 Net Investment Income 604.2 (4.4) 632.2 (1.2) 639.9 Other Income 258.8 9.7 235.9 7.0 220.5 Total 7,946.5 2.5 7,751.3 4.2 7,439.6 Benefits and Expenses Policy Benefits 4,354.3 2.5 4,246.5 0.6 4,221.2 Policy Benefits - Remeasurement Gain (233.9) (38.7) (381.8) (7.5) (412.7) Commissions 794.9 9.0 729.3 9.8 664.4 Deferral of Acquisition Costs (331.7) 3.4 (320.9) 2.0 (314.7) Amortization of Deferred Acquisition Costs 283.3 (3.1) 292.5 9.3 267.6 Other Expenses 1,652.0 3.1 1,602.9 4.8 1,529.5 Total 6,518.9 5.7 6,168.5 3.6 5,955.3 Income Before Income Tax and Net Investment Gains and Losses 1,427.6 (9.8) 1,582.8 6.6 1,484.3 Amortization of the Deferred Gain on Reinsurance (9.0) (100.0) Non-Contemporaneous Reinsurance 1.0 100.0 Reserve Assumption Updates (147.7) 2.9 (143.6) 11.5 (128.8) Adjusted Operating Income $ 1,271.9 (11.6) $ 1,439.2 6.2 $ 1,355.5 Operating Ratios (% of Premium Income): Benefit Ratio 1 60.2 % 58.2 % 59.8 % Other Expense Ratio 2 22.6 % 22.5 % 22.5 % Income Ratio 20.2 % 23.0 % 22.6 % Adjusted Operating Income Ratio 18.0 % 20.9 % 20.6 % 1 Excludes the reserve assumption updates that occurred during the third quarters of 2025, 2024, and 2023. Also excludes the impact of non-contemporaneous reinsurance. 2 Ratio of Other Expenses to Premium Income plus Unum US Group Disability Other Income, which is primarily related to fee-based services. 57 Table of Contents Unum US Group Disability Operating Results Shown below are financial results and key performance indicators for Unum US group disability. (in millions of dollars, except ratios) Year Ended December 31 2025 % Change 2024 % Change 2023 Operating Revenue Premium Income Group Long-term Disability $ 2,011.1 (3.6) % $ 2,086.1 1.4 % $ 2,057.2 Group Short-term Disability 1,138.4 5.0 1,084.0 7.1 1,012.3 Total Premium Income 3,149.5 (0.6) 3,170.1 3.3 3,069.5 Net Investment Income 296.0 (4.9) 311.2 (4.2) 324.8 Other Income 228.6 (1.5) 232.1 9.7 211.6 Total 3,674.1 (1.1) 3,713.4 3.0 3,605.9 Benefits and Expenses Policy Benefits 2,007.9 (1.6) 2,040.7 1.1 2,018.3 Policy Benefits - Remeasurement Gain (149.4) (42.3) (258.9) (20.4) (325.1) Commissions 250.1 2.3 244.4 6.0 230.5 Deferral of Acquisition Costs (60.7) (2.4) (62.2) 3.3 (60.2) Amortization of Deferred Acquisition Costs 58.2 (10.0) 64.7 12.3 57.6 Other Expenses 982.4 0.9 973.5 4.0 936.1 Total 3,088.5 2.9 3,002.2 5.1 2,857.2 Income Before Income Tax and Net Investment Gains and Losses 585.6 (17.7) 711.2 (5.0) 748.7 Reserve Assumption Updates (105.8) 17.6 (90.0) (25.6) (121.0) Adjusted Operating Income $ 479.8 (22.8) $ 621.2 (1.0) $ 627.7 Operating Ratios (% of Premium Income): Benefit Ratio 1 62.4 % 59.0 % 59.1 % Other Expense Ratio 2 29.1 % 28.6 % 28.5 % Income Ratio 18.6 % 22.4 % 24.4 % Adjusted Operating Income Ratio 15.2 % 19.6 % 20.4 % Persistency: Group Long-term Disability 91.1 % 93.3 % 90.8 % Group Short-term Disability 88.9 % 91.7 % 88.9 % 1 Excludes the reserve assumption updates that occurred during the third quarters of 2025, 2024, and 2023 2 Ratio of Other Expenses to Premium Income plus Other Income, which is primarily related to fee-based services. 58 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2024 Premium income was lower compared to 2024, driven by expected run-off in medical stop-loss premium and lower overall persistency, partially offset by an increase in premium due to sales. Net investment income was lower compared to 2024 due to a decrease in the level of invested assets. Other income, which primarily relates to fee-based service products, was generally consistent to 2024. The benefit ratio, excluding the impacts of the reserve assumption updates, was less favorable compared to 2024 due to lower recoveries in our group long-term disability product line and higher average claim size in our group short-term disability product line. Commissions were higher compared to 2024 due primarily to sales. The deferral of acquisition costs compared to 2024 were generally consistent. The amortization of deferred acquisition costs was lower compared to 2024 due to the change in composition of lapses across cohorts. The other expense ratio, which includes other income that is primarily related to fee-based service products, increased compared to 2024 due primarily to operational investments in our business. Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2023 Premium income was higher compared to 2023, driven primarily by favorable persistency and higher sales, excluding medical stop-loss. Net investment income was lower compared to 2023 due to a decrease in the level of invested assets and lower miscellaneous investment income, partially offset by an increase in the yield on invested assets. Other income increased relative to 2023 due to growth in our fee-based service products. The benefit ratio, excluding the impacts of the reserve assumption updates, was generally consistent compared to 2023 with favorable medical stop-loss benefits experience and favorable recoveries in the group long-term disability product line, mostly offset by higher incidence in our group long-term and group short-term disability product lines. Commissions and the deferral of acquisition costs were higher compared to 2023 due to higher sales, excluding medical stop-loss. The amortization of deferred acquisition costs was higher compared to 2023 due to growth in the level of the deferred asset. The other expense ratio, which includes other income that is primarily related to fee-based service products, was generally consistent compared to 2023. 59 Table of Contents Unum US Group Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment Operating Results Shown below are financial results and key performance indicators for Unum US group life and accidental death and dismemberment. (in millions of dollars, except ratios) Year Ended December 31 2025 % Change 2024 % Change 2023 Operating Revenue Premium Income Group Life $ 1,871.1 4.8 % $ 1,784.7 6.3 % $ 1,679.0 Accidental Death Dismemberment 195.6 5.1 186.1 6.0 175.5 Total Premium Income 2,066.7 4.9 1,970.8 6.3 1,854.5 Net Investment Income 81.6 (7.6) 88.3 (2.0) 90.1 Other Income 1.2 (20.0) 1.5 50.0 1.0 Total 2,149.5 4.3 2,060.6 5.9 1,945.6 Benefits and Expenses Policy Benefits 1,439.9 5.8 1,360.4 (1.8) 1,384.8 Policy Benefits - Remeasurement Gain (48.1) (27.3) (66.2) 78.4 (37.1) Commissions 186.3 10.9 168.0 7.8 155.9 Deferral of Acquisition Costs (45.5) 12.1 (40.6) 5.2 (38.6) Amortization of Deferred Acquisition Costs 39.0 1.6 38.4 (1.5) 39.0 Other Expenses 255.4 5.1 243.0 5.7 229.9 Total 1,827.0 7.3 1,703.0 (1.8) 1,733.9 Income Before Income Tax and Net Investment Gains and Losses 322.5 (9.8) 357.6 68.9 211.7 Reserve Assumption Update (3.1) (76.2) (13.0) (100.0) Adjusted Operating Income $ 319.4 (7.3) $ 344.6 62.8 $ 211.7 Operating Ratios (% of Premium Income): Benefit Ratio 1 67.5 % 66.3 % 72.7 % Other Expense Ratio 12.4 % 12.3 % 12.4 % Income Ratio 15.6 % 18.1 % Adjusted Operating Income Ratio 15.5 % 17.5 % 11.4 % Persistency: Group Life 90.2 % 92.0 % 89.6 % Accidental Death Dismemberment 89.1 % 91.2 % 88.7 % 1 Excludes the reserve assumption updates that occurred during the third quarters of 2025 and 2024. 60 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2024 Premium income was higher compared to 2024 due to sales and in-force block growth, partially offset by lower persistency. Net investment income was lower compared to 2024 due to a decrease in the level of invested assets and a decrease in the yield on invested assets. The benefit ratio, excluding the impacts of the reserve assumption updates, was less favorable compared to 2024 due to higher average claim size in our group life product line, partially offset by favorable incidence in the group life and accidental death and dismemberment product lines. Commissions and the deferral of acquisition costs were higher compared to 2024 due primarily to sales. The amortization of deferred acquisition costs was generally consistent compared to 2024. The other expense ratio was also generally consistent compared to 2024. Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2023 Premium income was higher compared to 2023 driven primarily by favorable persistency and higher sales. Net investment income was lower compared to 2023 due to a decrease in the level of invested assets partially offset by an increase in the yield on invested assets. The benefit ratio, excluding the impact of the reserve assumption update in 2024, was favorable compared to 2023 due to lower mortality across all product lines. Commissions and the deferral of acquisition costs were higher compared to 2023 due primarily to higher sales. The amortization of deferred acquisition costs was generally consistent compared to 2023. The other expense ratio was consistent compared to 2023. 61 Table of Contents Unum US Supplemental and Voluntary Operating Results Shown below are financial results and key performance indicators for Unum US supplemental and voluntary product lines. (in millions of dollars, except ratios) Year Ended December 31 2025 % Change 2024 % Change 2023 Operating Revenue Premium Income Voluntary Benefits $ 927.4 5.5 % $ 879.2 3.4 % $ 850.1 Individual Disability 615.1 8.7 566.0 7.4 527.0 Dental and Vision 324.8 9.3 297.1 6.8 278.1 Total Premium Income 1,867.3 7.2 1,742.3 5.3 1,655.2 Net Investment Income 226.6 (2.6) 232.7 3.4 225.0 Other Income 29.0 N.M 2.3 (70.9) 7.9 Total 2,122.9 7.4 1,977.3 4.7 1,888.1 Benefits and Expenses Policy Benefits 906.5 7.2 845.4 3.3 818.1 Policy Benefits - Remeasurement Gain (36.4) (35.8) (56.7) 12.3 (50.5) Commissions 358.5 13.1 316.9 14.0 278.0 Deferral of Acquisition Costs (225.5) 3.4 (218.1) 1.0 (215.9) Amortization of Deferred Acquisition Costs 186.1 (1.7) 189.4 10.8 171.0 Other Expenses 414.2 7.2 386.4 6.3 363.5 Total 1,603.4 9.6 1,463.3 7.3 1,364.2 Income Before Income Tax and Net Investment Gains and Losses 519.5 1.1 514.0 (1.9) 523.9 Amortization of the Deferred Gain on Reinsurance (9.0) (100.0) Non-Contemporaneous Reinsurance 1.0 100.0 Reserve Assumption Updates - Voluntary Benefits (11.1) (191.0) 12.2 N.M (10.4) Reserve Assumption Updates - Individual Disability (27.7) (47.5) (52.8) N.M 2.6 Adjusted Operating Income $ 472.7 (0.1) $ 473.4 (8.3) $ 516.1 Operating Ratios (% of Premium Income): Benefit Ratios: Voluntary Benefits 1 45.7 % 43.0 % 39.8 % Individual Disability 1,2 38.8 % 41.0 % 44.3 % Dental and Vision 75.6 % 73.9 % 73.1 % Other Expense Ratio 22.2 % 22.2 % 22.0 % Income Ratio 27.8 % 29.5 % 31.7 % Adjusted Operating Income Ratio 25.3 % 27.2 % 31.2 % Persistency: Voluntary Benefits 76.5 % 76.0 % 75.5 % Individual Disability 87.7 % 89.0 % 89.0 % Dental and Vision 83.3 % 81.4 % 77.1 % 1 Excludes the reserve assumption updates that occurred during the third quarters of 2025, 2024, and 2023. 2 Excludes the impact of non-contemporaneous insurance. N.M. = not a meaningful percentage 62 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2024 Premium income was higher compared to 2024 due to the continued impacts from the recapture of a previously ceded block of business in the individual disability product line, higher prior period sales in the voluntary benefits product line, and favorable persistency in the voluntary benefits and dental and vision product lines, partially offset by the impact of ceding a portion of the individual disability product line as a part of the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction. Net investment income was lower compared to 2024 primarily due to a decrease in the level of invested assets. Other income, excluding the impact of the amortization of the deferred gain on reinsurance, was higher compared to 2024, due primarily to a gain on the recapture of a previously ceded block of business in the individual disability product line in the first quarter of 2025. The benefit ratio for voluntary benefits, excluding the impacts of the reserve assumption updates was unfavorable compared to 2024 due primarily to unfavorable benefit experience in the critical illness, hospital indemnity, and accident products. The benefit ratio for the individual disability product line, excluding the impacts of non-contemporaneous reinsurance and the reserve assumption updates, was favorable compared to 2024 due to higher claim resolutions driven by mortality, partially offset by higher claim incidence. The benefit ratio for the dental and vision product line was unfavorable compared to 2024 due primarily to higher claim incidence and higher average claim size. Commissions were higher compared to 2024 due primarily to the continued impacts from the recapture of a previously ceded block of business in the individual disability product line and higher prior period sales in the voluntary benefits product line, partially offset by the impacts from the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction. The deferral of acquisition costs were higher compared to 2024 due primarily to higher sales in the individual disability product line. The amortization of deferred acquisition costs was lower compared to 2024 due primarily to a reduction in the level of the deferred asset as a result of the Fortitude Re reinsurance transaction. The other expense ratio was generally consistent compared to 2024. Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2023 Premium income was higher compared to 2023 due primarily to favorable persistency and higher sales in the voluntary benefits and dental and vision product lines. Also impacting the comparison was the impacts from the partial recapture of a previously ceded block of business in the individual disability product line in the third quarter of 2023. Net investment income was higher compared to 2023 primarily due to an increase in the yield on invested assets. Other income was lower compared to 2023 due primarily to a prior year net gain on the partial recapture of a previously ceded block of business in the individual disability product line in the third quarter of 2023. The benefit ratio for voluntary benefits, excluding the impacts of the reserve assumption updates, was unfavorable compared to 2023 due primarily to unfavorable benefit experience in the accident, critical illness, and hospital indemnity products. The benefit ratio for the individual disability product line, excluding the impacts of the reserve assumption updates, was favorable compared to 2023 due primarily to favorable recoveries, partially offset by higher claim size. The benefit ratio for the dental and vision product line was unfavorable compared to 2023 due primarily to higher claims incidence and higher average claim size. Commissions and the deferral of acquisition costs were higher compared to 2023 due primarily to higher sales in the voluntary benefits product line. Commissions were also higher compared to 2023 due to the continued impacts from the partial recapture of a previously ceded block of business in the individual disability product line in the third quarter of 2023. The amortization of deferred acquisition costs was higher compared to 2023 due to the increased lapses in certain older voluntary benefits products and growth in the level of the deferred asset in all product lines. The other expense ratio was generally consistent compared to 2023. 63 Table of Contents Sales (in millions of dollars) Year Ended December 31 2025 % Change 2024 % Change 2023 Sales by Product Group Disability and Group Life and AD D Group Long-term Disability $ 243.8 (18.3) % $ 298.3 1.9 % $ 292.7 Group Short-term Disability 274.0 26.6 216.5 (5.7) 229.5 Group Life and AD D 361.5 361.5 18.4 305.4 Subtotal 879.3 0.3 876.3 5.9 827.6 Supplemental and Voluntary Voluntary Benefits 289.6 (1.4) 293.7 11.6 263.2 Individual Disability 105.6 3.8 101.7 (6.6) 108.9 Dental and Vision 84.4 (11.4) 95.3 13.3 84.1 Subtotal 479.6 (2.3) 490.7 7.6 456.2 Total Sales $ 1,358.9 (0.6) $ 1,367.0 6.5 $ 1,283.8 Sales by Market Sector Group Disability and Group Life and AD D Core Market ( 2,000 employees) $ 527.8 3.0 % $ 512.6 (1.7) % $ 521.3 Large Case Market 351.5 (3.4) 363.7 18.7 306.3 Subtotal 879.3 0.3 876.3 5.9 827.6 Supplemental and Voluntary 479.6 (2.3) 490.7 7.6 456.2 Total Sales $ 1,358.9 (0.6) $ 1,367.0 6.5 $ 1,283.8 Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2024 Group sales increased slightly compared to 2024 primarily due to higher sales to new customers in both the core market, which we define as employee groups with fewer than 2,000 employees, and the large case market, partially offset by lower sales to existing customers in the large case and core markets, as well as the impact of no sales of our medical stop-loss product, which was no longer actively marketed as of the third quarter of 2024. The sales mix in the group market sector for 2025 was approximately 60 percent core market and 40 percent large case market. Voluntary benefits sales decreased compared to 2024 primarily due to lower sales to new and existing customers in the large case market, partially offset by higher sales to existing customers in the core market. Individual disability sales, which are primarily concentrated in the multi-life market, increased compared to 2024 due to higher sales to both new and existing customers. Dental and vision sales decreased compared to 2024 due to lower sales to new customers. Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2023 Group sales 