=== CVNA_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A - "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent our views as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Market and Industry Data Some of the market and industry data contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is based on industry publications or other publicly available information. Although we believe that these third-party sources are relevant and reliable, we have not independently verified and cannot assure you as to the accuracy or completeness of this information. As a result, you should be aware that the market and industry data contained herein, and our beliefs and estimates based on such data, may not be reliable. 1 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Carvana Co. is a holding company that was formed as a Delaware corporation in 2016 in order to operate the business of Carvana Group, LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Carvana Group"). Carvana Co. Class A common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "CVNA." Our Company Carvana is the leading e-commerce platform for buying and selling used cars. We are transforming the used car buying and selling experience by giving consumers what they want - a wide selection, great value and quality, transparent pricing, and a simple, no pressure transaction. Our differentiated business model combines a comprehensive online sales experience with a vertically integrated supply chain, designed to sell high-quality vehicles to our customers transparently and efficiently at a low price. The automotive retail industry is large with approximately 37 million used auto retail transactions in the United States ( U.S. ) in 2024 according to Cox Automotive and highly fragmented with the top 10 used auto retailers in the U.S. accounting for less than 10% of the market share in 2024. These dynamics create an exceptional opportunity for disruption that our custom-built business model can capitalize on to remain well-positioned for long term growth. Over the years, we have leveraged our growing logistics network, which spans 316 metropolitan statistical areas, and our in-house distribution network, servicing over 80% of the U.S. population as of December 31, 2025, to sell 2.8 million retail vehicles, generating $84.1 billion in total revenue since inception in 2012 through December 31, 2025. Vehicle Acquisition. We primarily acquire our used vehicle inventory directly from customers, used car auctions, including by use of our growing digital auction platform, and wholesale used vehicle suppliers, including retail marketplace partners. Acquiring inventory directly from customers when they trade in or sell us their vehicles in a one-way transaction eliminates auction fees and provides for a more diverse set of vehicles. After answering a few questions about the vehicle condition and features, our online tool provides customers with an automated, conditional offer for their existing vehicle that can be applied to any vehicle purchase or paid directly without an associated vehicle purchase. Our online tool then allows customers to schedule a time to have their existing vehicle picked up at their home, or drop it off at a Carvana location, and receive payment. We designed this process to be convenient, seamless, and to eliminate the need for a customer to visit a dealership or negotiate a private sale. Inspection and Reconditioning . Once we acquire a vehicle, we leverage our in-house logistics network or a vendor to transport the vehicle to one of our inspection and reconditioning centers ("IRC") or auction locations with reconditioning capabilities (together with IRCs, "Reconditioning Sites"), at which point the vehicle enters our inventory management system. We then begin an inspection process covering controls, features, brakes, tires, and cosmetics. Each Reconditioning Site leverages proprietary inventory management technology and includes trained technicians, vehicle lifts, paintless dent repair, and paint capabilities, and receives on-site support from vendors with whom we have integrated systems to expedite ready access to parts and materials. We have a uniform set of cosmetic standards across all Reconditioning Sites to provide a consistent customer experience. When an inspection is complete, we estimate the necessary reconditioning cost for the vehicle to meet our standards and expected timing for that vehicle to be made available for sale on our website. Vehicles that do not meet Carvana standards are sold wholesale, either through our wholesale marketplace platform or through third party auctions. Online Search and Shopping Experience . We offer a mobile-optimized website, where prospective retail car buyers can immediately begin browsing, researching, filtering, and identifying their vehicle of choice from an inventory of over 75,000 total website units that we offer for sale as of December 31, 2025. We leverage our patented, automated photo technology to offer an annotated virtual vehicle tour, which includes a 360-degree view of the interior and exterior of the actual vehicle and allows customers to view vehicle imperfections through high-definition photography. Our website also features integrations with various vehicle data providers for vehicle feature and option information to assist customers with purchase decisions. Financing. We offer integrated financing using our proprietary loan origination platform. Customers who choose to apply for our in-house financing fill out a short prequalification form, and, if approved, are nearly instantaneously presented with an interactive set of conditional financing terms generated by our proprietary credit scoring and deal structuring algorithms for every vehicle in our inventory. Our financing tool is designed to intuitively and transparently show the relationship between down payment, monthly payment, and loan term to assist the customer in selecting a payment plan tailored to their specific needs. This pre-approval involves a short process that does not impact customers credit unless they pursue a purchase and finance the transaction. For customers who choose not to utilize our financing, we also accept payment in cash or financing from third party lenders, such as banks or credit unions. 2 Complementary Products. As part of the integrated purchasing process, customers have the option to protect their vehicle with a vehicle service contract ( VSC ). VSCs provide customers with protection against the costs of certain mechanical repairs after the expiration of their vehicle s original manufacturer warranty. In most states, customers financing their purchase with us are also offered guaranteed asset protection ("GAP") waiver coverage during checkout to provide customers with protection for the value of the loan. We have also partnered with Root, Inc. ("Root"), an online car insurance company, to offer an integrated auto insurance solution, through which customers in most states may conveniently access auto insurance directly from the Carvana e-commerce platform. We collectively refer to VSC, GAP, and auto insurance as complementary products. Nationwide Logistics Network and Distinctive Fulfillment Experience. We have developed proprietary logistics software and an in-house nationwide delivery network designed to predictably and efficiently transport cars and provide customers with a distinctive fulfillment experience. Our logistics network and technologies that support it are based on a "hub and spoke" model, which connects Reconditioning Sites to vending machines and hubs via our fleet of multi-car and single-car haulers. This allows us to efficiently manage locations, routes, route capacities, trucks, and drivers while also dynamically optimizing for speed and cost. This proprietary logistics infrastructure enables us to offer our customers and operations team highly accurate predictions of vehicle availability, to minimize delays, and promote a seamless and reliable customer experience. We offer customers in our markets a home delivery option that is typically conducted by a Carvana employee on a branded hauler. Customers in certain markets can also pick up their vehicles at one of our patented car vending machines, which are multi-story glass towers that store purchased vehicles, or at other customer-facing locations. As of December 31, 2025, we estimate that 75% of the U.S. population is within 100 miles of an IRC or auction site, which shortens the distance from our inventory pools to our customers to reduce delivery times. Post-sale customer support. After purchase, our customer advocates handle post-sale coordination and assistance, including facilitating returns or exchanges under our seven-day return policy. As of December 31, 2025, customers rated us an average of 4.7 out of 5.0 from over 245,000 surveys on our website since inception, fostering repeat business and a strong referral network. Strengths and Competitive Advantages We aim to deliver the best selection, the best value, and the best experience for used car buyers and sellers. Since our inception, we have been developing and leveraging the following key strengths, which we believe provide for significant competitive advantages. Purpose-Built Vertically Integrated E-commerce Platform We believe our proprietary technology and vertically integrated business model allow us to enjoy a significantly lower variable cost structure versus traditional dealerships and to provide substantial value to our customers by providing a seamless, best-in-class car buying and selling experience. Our vertically integrated platform gives us control of all critical operations and transaction elements to allow us to facilitate a fast, simple, and consistent user experience. We control the algorithms that help determine the vehicles we make available to our customers, the prices of those vehicles, the financing terms offered to customers, complementary products, and the purchase prices and trade-in values we offer. Additionally, we control the logistics infrastructure that enables us to offer customers fast, specific, and reliable delivery and pick-up times. We have invested heavily in our customer-facing website to provide an intuitive user interface and have built a team of in-house customer advocates that is dedicated to providing first-rate customer service. Differentiated Shopping Experience We have developed technology that makes the online vehicle purchasing process intuitive, transparent and fun. Our patented photo technology, paired with custom photo processing and display technology, provides an interactive way for consumers to search for vehicles and take a virtual tour of the interior and exterior of a vehicle using annotated, high-definition photography. We believe this technology, coupled with our inspection process, uniform cosmetic standard, and seven-day return policy, generates the confidence and trust in our platform needed to buy a car online. Proprietary Financing Technology Our differentiated financing solutions provide customers with nearly instantaneous credit terms as well as flexibility and transparency in financing their vehicle purchase. We preapprove thousands of down payment and monthly payment combinations that allow customers to choose their preferred financing. We preapprove these terms utilizing "soft credit checks" which do not impact a customer s credit unless they complete a purchase and financing transaction. Our proprietary credit and 3 underwriting platform is trained on over ten years of Carvana-originated loans, giving us information to make credit decisions aimed to optimize risk, vehicle characteristics, deal structure, and customer credit. We believe this significantly enhances the quality of the loans that we generate and the value we can capture when we sell them through securitization transactions or to our financing partners. Efficient Logistics Network and Distinctive Fulfillment Experience We have developed proprietary logistics software and an in-house delivery network that differentiates us from competitors, and which is designed to predictably and efficiently transport cars while providing customers with a distinctive fulfillment experience. Our home delivery and pickup is typically conducted by a Carvana employee on a branded hauler, as soon as the same day in certain markets, depending on availability and location. Customers in certain markets can also pick up or drop off their vehicles at one of our patented car vending machines, or at another customer-facing location. Our vending machines provide an attractive and unique pickup experience for our customers and develop brand awareness while lowering our variable fulfillment expenses. Following the opening of a vending machine in one of our markets, our market penetration has typically seen a meaningful increase while our variable operating costs per vehicle sold have typically decreased. Scaled Used Vehicle Infrastructure As of December 31, 2025, we continued to leverage our growing network of Reconditioning Sites throughout the U.S. and proprietary software for our vehicle reconditioning and logistics activities that required significant investment in time and capital to develop. This infrastructure gives us capacity to inspect and recondition approximately 1.5 million cars per year at full utilization. Scale Driving Powerful Network Effects Our business benefits from powerful network effects. As of December 31, 2025, we offer all customers a nationally pooled inventory of over 75,000 high-quality used vehicles on our website. Our customer research indicates that size and breadth of selection are primary determinants of a customer's choice of retailer. We use proprietary algorithms to optimize our inventory acquisition based on extensive used vehicle market and customer behavior data. Furthermore, our nationally pooled inventory system maximizes the scope of vehicle selection for our customers in any given location, increasing the likelihood that customers are able to find the make, model, year, and color combination that they desire. Business and Growth Strategies The foundation of our business is retail vehicle unit sales, which drives the majority of our revenue and allows us to capture additional revenue streams associated with financing, complementary products offerings, as well as trade-in vehicles. As we evolve, we believe we will continue to improve profitability associated with these revenues and expand our offering of complementary products. Because these additional opportunities originate with retail unit sales, our business strategy continues to center on growing retail units. Our ability to grow retail unit sales depends on penetrating existing markets, prudently expanding our geographic footprint, and strengthening our brand by delivering great value, transparency, and outstanding customer service. We continue to prioritize initiatives that raise conversion, improve delivery speed, and streamline customer support, each of which we believe reinforces brand trust and drives sustained demand. Since the launch of our first market thirteen years ago, our vertically integrated, customer-centered offering has enabled us to become one of the largest and fastest growing used automotive retailers in the U.S. as of December 31, 2025. Throughout 2025, we remained focused on profitable growth and fundamental operating efficiency, balancing long-term benefits of scale with the continued opportunities we see to further enhance customer experiences. We have physical infrastructure for continued growth, which gives us capacity to recondition approximately 1.5 million vehicles per year. Further, the acquisition of ADESA US Auction, LLC in 2022 provided us with 56 additional locations, which we have been building out to increase our reconditioning capacity and the number of inventory pools closer to customers. We are integrating ADESA sites to combine retail and wholesale capabilities within single locations over time, enhancing both retail production and wholesale disposition. As of December 31, 2025, 16 of these ADESA auction sites have been built out to provide IRC capabilities, and the remaining sites provide continued potential for further growth. With more than 37 million transactions in 2024, according to Cox Automotive, the used vehicle retail market represents a massive, highly fragmented industry, of which Carvana currently has an estimated market share of only approximately 1.6%. We believe we are well positioned to benefit from secular e-commerce trends. According to Federal Reserve Economic Data (FRED), e-commerce as a share of non-automotive retail has risen steadily for over 20 years and made up approximately 20% 4 of all non-automotive retail transactions as of 2025. Within the automotive retail industry, e-commerce adoption has lagged behind that of other retail segments, but we believe that as customers continue becoming more accustomed to making larger purchases online, e-commerce will make up an increasing share of automotive retail as it has in other retail segments. The large scale and fragmentation of the used retail vehicle market, coupled with the ongoing adoption of e-commerce more broadly, presents a differentiated opportunity for continued growth. Carvana intends to take advantage of this market opportunity by executing the following key elements of our growth strategy: Increase Sales Through Further Penetration of Our Existing Markets Our growth has historically been driven by opening new markets and increasing market penetration in our existing markets. Our long-term plan includes marketing and actively building our brand image and awareness in existing markets by improving the speed and efficiency of our operations and increasing our inventory size. Optimize Our Inventory Selection We seek to continue to optimize and broaden the selection of vehicles we make available to our customers. Expanding our inventory selection increases the likelihood that each visitor to our site finds a vehicle that matches his or her preferences and benefits all existing markets simultaneously due to our nationally pooled inventory model. Expanding our inventory selection depends on our ability to source and acquire a sufficient number of appropriate used vehicles, including acquiring more vehicles from customers, to develop processes for effectively utilizing capacity in our Reconditioning Sites, and to hire and train employees to staff these centers. Continue to Innovate and Extend Our Technology Leadership We are a technology-native retailer. This has allowed us to develop numerous custom-built tools designed to interact with one another to provide seamless and best-in-class customer experiences. In the long term, we intend to continue to make significant investments in improving and adding to our customer offering. We believe that the complexity of automotive retail transactions provides substantial opportunity for technology investment and that our leadership and continued growth will enable us to responsibly invest in further differentiating ourselves from our competitors offerings. Develop Broad Consumer Awareness of Our Brand We believe our brand development efforts meaningfully impact our ability to acquire new customers. We intend to continue attracting new customers through advertising, customer referrals, customers selling us their vehicles, public relations, partnerships with celebrities, and social media. We operate 39 vending machines across the country which have catalyzed word-of-mouth publicity and increased awareness of our brand. Further, we believe that the shift of customer preference toward e-commerce has been, and will continue to be, a long-term asset to our brand awareness and growth. Generate Referrals and Repeat Customers We believe our growth is enhanced by providing a superior customer experience, which drives our ability to generate customer referrals and repeat sales. Our customers rated us an average of 4.7 out of 5.0 based on over 245,000 satisfaction surveys on our website from our inception through December 31, 2025. These positive reactions create opportunities for repeat customers and a strong referral network. Develop New Products and Expand Lines of Business We plan to continue leveraging our existing e-commerce and logistics infrastructure to increase monetization opportunities by introducing new complementary products and services or expanding into new lines of business. The car purchasing and ownership cycle provides many opportunities to add value for our customers, such as VSCs and auto insurance, and our technology expertise and process automation position us well to provide these services in differentiated ways. Marketing We believe our customer base is relatively similar to that of the overall market for used cars at the average price points of our vehicles, with a slight shift toward younger customers. Our sales and marketing efforts utilize a multi-channel approach, built on a seasonality-adjusted, market-based model budget. We typically utilize a combination of brand building as well as direct response channels to efficiently seed and scale our local markets. Our paid advertising efforts include, but are not limited 5 to, advertisements through national and local television, search engine marketing, inventory site listing, social media, retargeting, organic referral, display, out-of-home, digital video, digital radio, direct mail, and branded pay-per-click channels. We believe our strong customer focus ensures customer loyalty which can drive both repeat purchases and referrals. In addition to our paid channels, we intend to attract new customers through enhancing our earned media and public relations efforts and further investing in our patented vending machines. Competition With tens of thousands of automotive retailers in the U.S., the used car marketplace is a highly fragmented and highly competitive industry. We believe the primary competitive factors in this market include transparency, convenience, price, selection, and vehicle quality. Our current and future competitors include: traditional used vehicle dealerships such as CarMax; internet and online automotive sites, such as Amazon, Autobytel, AutoTrader, Cars, Carfax, CarGurus, eBay Motors, Edmunds, Google, KBB, and TrueCar; providers of offline, membership-based car-buying services such as the Costco Auto Program; new and used vehicle dealers or marketplaces with e-commerce business or online platforms; marketplaces that could compete with our wholesale marketplace program; automobile manufacturers such as Ford, General Motors, Toyota, Volkswagen, Tesla, Rivian, and Lucid; and privately negotiated transactions. However, we believe that our vertically integrated business model and other attributes described above provide significant competitive advantages. Technology Our business is driven by data and technology at all stages of the sale process, from inventory purchasing, reconditioning, photography, and annotation through online merchandising, sales, automobile financing, trade-ins, logistics, and delivery. Carvana s proprietary, custom built, and exclusive-use technology portfolio includes: a decision model for consolidating internal and external data to provide profitability estimates for inventory available for purchase on the basis of quality, inventory fit, consumer desirability, relative value, expected reconditioning costs, and vehicle location; an inventory management system that handles vehicles from acquisition through photography; a suite of technology applications that automates integration of systemized standards for process flow, reconditioning standards, and parts procurement at our network of Reconditioning Sites; an automated photography technology system that combines high-quality photos to produce an interactive, 360-degree virtual tour of both the exterior and interior of the vehicle, and creates a 3D model of the car allowing for future innovations; a website that includes advanced filtering and search technology that helps customers find a car that suits their tastes; a logistical model to optimize the transport of purchased inventory to and from the customer; an automated delivery tower, or vending machine, including customer experience enhancements such as automatically generated video (suitable for posting to social media) that captures the customer s pick-up experience; artificial intelligence technology ("AI") used to power chatbots that streamline customer communication paths and assist customers and customer advocates in navigating the purchase process, to improve internal work efficiencies, and to enhance our recruitment and hiring processes; and sophisticated predictive models and application programming interfaces developed for our automobile finance services and consumer lending applications, process, and terms. We also rely on third-party technology, including network infrastructure for our website and inventory, software to assist with customer interactions, and technology relating to our vending machines and transportation fleet. 6 Intellectual Property We protect our intellectual property through a combination of trademarks, domain names, copyrights, trade secrets, patents, and contractual provisions and restrictions on access and use of our proprietary information and technology. As of December 31, 2025, we hold 51 issued U.S. patents, which cover our vending machine technology, photo technology, website user interface technology, personalization methods for displaying digital media and imaging technology, search and display technology, and artificial intelligence technology, and six issued international patents covering our photo technology. These patents have been held for between ten years and less than one year. As of December 31, 2025, we have 28 domestic trademark registrations and six international trademarks in active use, including registrations for "Carvana," the Carvana design mark, the Carvana logo, and various slogans, and we are the registered holder of a variety of domestic and international domain names, including "carvana.com." In addition to the protection provided by our intellectual property rights, we enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our new employees, consultants, contractors, and business partners. We also require all new employees and most contractors to execute intellectual property assignment agreements and certain third parties to enter into nondisclosure agreements. Finally, we further control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property through provisions in both the general and product-specific terms of use on our website. We have a cross-license agreement with DriveTime Automotive Group, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, other than us, "DriveTime"), a related party of the Company, pursuant to which DriveTime has obtained limited licenses to some of our intellectual property. Human Capital Carvana s mission is to change the way people buy cars, and achieving that mission would not be possible without attracting, engaging, and retaining high quality team members who view their work as more than just a job. We want our workplaces safe, our benefits and wages competitive, and our culture positive and collaborative. We believe in the importance of our teams satisfaction and development. We continually invest in our team members by strengthening internal recruiting, talent development and engagement, as well as through committees, and programs that support our team members, supplemented by external resources, such as quarterly surveys to help gauge employee satisfaction. We invest in our team members' development specifically by aiming to develop robust career paths and providing opportunities for training, mentorship, and upward mobility. We are an equal opportunity employer, and it is important to us that our development plans and programs are inclusive. Our Carvana Communities program supports our team in creating and leading company affinity groups open to all employees, with a mission of support, inclusion, and connection throughout Carvana. Our Carvana Cares program also reflects our shared values by providing platforms and resources to give back to the community and support causes that are important to our team members, customers, and communities. Additionally, our Learning Management System provides broader access to training and development information and resources across Carvana to foster a culture of continual growth and enrich the work environment for all teammates. We consider our relationship with our team to be positive, and it is in large part because of their passion and hard work that Carvana is now one of the largest used automotive retailers in the U.S. As of December 31, 2025, we had over 23,100 full-time and part-time employees. Seasonality We expect to experience seasonal and other fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, including as a result of macroeconomic conditions, which may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Used vehicle sales generally exhibit seasonality with sales peaking late in the first calendar quarter and diminishing through the rest of the year, with the lowest relative level of vehicle sales expected to occur in the fourth calendar quarter. Due to our historical and current rapid growth, our overall sales patterns in the past have not always reflected the general seasonality of the used vehicle industry. However, as our business continues to mature, our results may become more reflective of typical market seasonality. Used vehicle prices also exhibit seasonality, with used vehicles generally depreciating at a faster rate in the fourth and first quarters of each year and a slower rate in the second and third quarters of each year, all other factors being equal. 7 Organizational Structure The following chart summarizes our organizational structure as of December 31, 2025. This chart is provided for illustrative purposes only and does not purport to represent all legal entities owned or controlled by us (footnote shares and units in thousands): (1) 142,230 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025, representing a 64.7% economic interest in Carvana Group, LLC through Carvana Co. (2) 76,109 shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025. (3) 96,849 Carvana Group LLC Units (the "LLC Units"), held by holders of such units (the "LLC Unitholders"), issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025, representing 77,458 shares of Class A Common Stock on an as-exchanged basis (adjusted for participation thresholds and the closing price of Class A Common Stock on December 31, 2025) and a 35.3% economic interest in Carvana Group, LLC. (4) 177,617 LLC Units held by Carvana Co., issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025. 8 Government Regulation Industry and Vehicle Dealer Laws and Regulations Various aspects of our business are or may be subject to U.S. federal, state, and municipal regulation. In particular, the advertising, sale, purchase, financing, and transport of motor vehicles are highly regulated by states in which we do business and by the U.S. federal government. The regulatory bodies that regulate the Company and our business include at the federal level: the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Federal Trade Commission, the United States Department of Transportation, the Occupational Health and Safety Administration, the Department of Justice, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), and the Federal Communications Commission; at the state level: various state dealer licensing authorities, state consumer protection agencies including state attorney general offices, and state financial regulatory agencies; and at the municipal level: various municipal authorities covering licensing, zoning, occupancy, and tax obligations. We are subject to compliance audits of our operations by many of these authorities. Certain states have concluded that our activities are subject to vehicle dealer licensing laws, requiring us to maintain a used vehicle dealer license in order to conduct business in that state. In certain other states, we have elected to obtain a vehicle dealer license to maximize operational flexibility and efficiency and invest in relationships with state regulators. As of December 31, 2025, we have at least one licensed facility in 40 states throughout the U.S. Most states regulate retail installment sales, including setting a maximum interest rate, caps on certain fees, or maximum amounts financed. In addition, certain states require that we file a notice of intent or have a sales finance license or an installment sellers license in order to solicit or originate installment sales in that state. In certain other states, we have chosen to obtain such a license to invest in relationships with state regulators. We have obtained a sales finance license or installment seller license, or have filed consumer credit notices, in 33 states throughout the U.S., as of December 31, 2025. Environmental Laws and Regulations We are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that pertain to our operations. The regulations concern air and water quality, as well as material storage, handling, and disposal. The regulations also regulate our use and operation of gasoline dispensing tanks and equipment, oil tanks, and paint booths among other things. Our business involves the use, handling, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, including motor oil, gasoline, solvents, lubricants, paints, and other substances. We manage our compliance through permitting, operational, and engineering controls. Compliance with these laws and regulations did not have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position in 2025 and is not expected to in 2026. For a discussion of the various risks we face from regulation and compliance matters, see Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We operate in several highly regulated industries and are subject to a wide range of federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our actual or alleged failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition." Available Information General information about us can be found at investors.carvana.com. The information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the SEC. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements, and other information regarding SEC registrants, including Carvana Co. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Described below are certain risks to our business and the industry in which we operate. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the financial and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public disclosures. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. As a result, our future results could differ materially from historical results and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations of our future financial performance, and the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. 9 Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described below in this section. This summary should be read in conjunction with the full description of "Risk Factors" in this section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. In addition to the following summary and the information in this section, you should consider the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before investing in our securities. Risks Related to Our Business risks related to the larger automotive ecosystem, including consumer demand, global supply chain challenges, and other macroeconomic issues; our ability to raise additional capital to pursue our objectives; our ability to effectively manage our rapid growth; our ability to maintain customer service quality and reputational integrity and enhance our brand; the seasonal and other fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results; our relationship with DriveTime and other entities affiliated with our controlling stockholder; our ability to compete in the highly competitive industry in which we participate; the changes in prices of new and used vehicles; our ability to acquire and expeditiously sell desirable inventory; our ability to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject; our ability to grow complementary product and service offerings; our reliance on internal and external logistics to transport our vehicle inventory; our use of artificial intelligence technology; our ability to protect the personal information and other data that we collect, process and store; breaches in our cybersecurity measures and disruptions in availability and functionality of our systems, website, and mobile application; our ability to protect our intellectual property, technology, and confidential information; our ability to obtain adequate insurance and the affordability of such insurance; our dependence on key personnel to operate our business; the risk of receiving less than the full amount of benefit we expect to receive from our minority equity investments; risks associated with acquisitions and strategic initiatives; legal proceedings; and our management s accounting judgments and estimates, as well as changes to accounting policies. Risks Related to Our Automotive Finance Receivables our dependence on the sale of automotive finance receivables for a substantial portion of our gross profit; our access to capital markets at competitive rates and in sufficient amounts; errors in contracts with customers, which could render them unenforceable or ineligible for sale; the risks related to greater credit losses or prepayments with respect to our automotive finance receivables held; and the risk retention rules. Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure the nature of being a holding company; the potential for conflicts of interest between our stockholders and LLC Unitholders; and risks related to payments due to LLC Unitholders under the Tax Receivable Agreement, if we derive benefits from using certain tax attributes; and our status as a "controlled company." 10 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Liquidity our substantial indebtedness; and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow. Risks Related to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock the volatile trading price of our Class A common stock; the Garcia Parties control us and their interests may conflict with our or our stockholders interests; dilution due to issuance of additional Class A common stock or LLC Units in the future; we may issue shares of preferred stock in the future; Delaware law and our charter may prevent stockholders from changing decisions made by management; and the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation. Risks Related to Our Business Our business is subject to risks related to the larger automotive ecosystem, including consumer demand, global supply chain challenges, and other macroeconomic issues. Our business is affected by industry and economic conditions. Purchases of new and used vehicles are typically discretionary for consumers and have been, and may continue to be, sensitive to adverse economic trends. Consumer purchases of new and used vehicles generally decline during recessionary periods and other periods in which disposable income is adversely affected. Further, inflationary impacts on labor, materials, fuel, and other vehicle costs and services, as well as scarcity of certain products, have caused and may again cause increased vehicle prices, which may adversely affect demand and pricing in the used vehicle market. Although the Company is currently focused on long-term growth, if economic conditions worsen or a recession occurs, we may once again be required to take stricter operating efficiency measures to protect our business. Those measures, including restructurings and cost savings, could materially adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Further, elevated and volatile interest rates have pressured and may again pressure consumer affordability and monthly payments, which may reduce demand for used vehicles. Adverse conditions affecting one or more automotive manufacturers could also impact the supply of vehicles and our inventory, change consumer car purchasing behaviors, and have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Manufacturer recalls and the increased regulatory scrutiny surrounding selling used vehicles with open safety recalls could adversely affect used vehicle sales or valuations, cause us to temporarily remove vehicles from inventory, cause us to sell affected vehicles at a loss, cause us to incur increased costs, and expose us to litigation and adverse publicity related to the sale of recalled vehicles. Further adverse conditions, including labor disruptions at manufacturer facilities, may affect the market for new vehicles, thereby affecting the supply and market for used vehicles. Our business may also be negatively affected by challenges to the larger automotive ecosystem, including global health crises, such as the past COVID-19 pandemic, which may impact workforces, operations, and consumer behavior; increase in urbanization, which may decrease demand for vehicles due to the popularity of rideshare services such as Uber and Lyft; global supply chain challenges; military conflicts, such as the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, or changes in relations between countries, such as between the United States, China, and Taiwan and conditions in Latin America following the recent U.S. military action in Venezuela; and other macroeconomic and geopolitical issues. New technologies such as autonomous driving software and the increasing popularity of electric vehicles also have the potential to change the dynamics of vehicle ownership in the future and make certain used vehicles more expensive or less desirable. In addition, technology related to generative AI is advancing rapidly, and its future impact on the automotive ecosystem is unknown. Finally, the imposition or suspension of tariffs or other trade restrictions implemented by the U.S. federal government or other countries, including changes to the import tariffs implemented by the U.S. on vehicles and parts, and uncertainty regarding the same, may change vehicle supply or the supply or cost of important vehicle parts and components, as well as customer vehicle purchasing behavior. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The extent and duration of these impacts are inherently uncertain and could vary materially across geographies and over time. We may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances. If such capital is not available to us, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be harmed. We may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances, including to increase our marketing expenditures to improve our brand awareness, build and maintain our inventory of quality used vehicles, develop new products or services, further improve existing products and 11 services, enhance our operating infrastructure, fund our growth or expansion into new markets, implement strategic initiatives, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional capital. However, additional capital may not be available when we need it, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. In addition, any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. For example, the indentures governing our Senior Secured Notes limit our ability and certain of our subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional debt or issue preferred stock, create new liens, create restrictions on intercompany payments, pay dividends and make other distributions, designate unrestricted subsidiaries, redeem or repurchase stock or prepay subordinated indebtedness, make certain investments or certain other restricted payments, guarantee indebtedness, sell certain kinds of assets, including assets securing our Senior Secured Notes, enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates, and effect mergers or consolidations. See Part II, Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources." Volatility in the credit markets may also have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain debt financing. Increased benchmark interest rates, widening credit spreads, reduced lender appetite for automotive or consumer-credit exposures, or rating downgrades could increase our borrowing costs or limit our access to capital. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to pursue our business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances could be significantly limited, and our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects could be adversely affected. Our rapid growth may not be indicative of our future growth and, if we continue growing rapidly, we may not be able to manage our growth and profitability effectively. Our history has often been characterized by rapid growth. For our revenues and profits to grow, we need a healthy industry and macroeconomic environment, and to successfully increase our penetration in existing markets, enter new markets, acquire more new and repeat customers, further improve the quality of our product offering, features, and complementary products and services, introduce high quality new products, services, and features, expand our brand awareness, and carry sufficient inventory with high enough quality and low enough cost to meet the demand for our vehicles. We have no control over the industry and macroeconomic environment we face, as demonstrated by the challenges we experienced in 2022 and 2023, and our business strategy has and may be adversely affected as a result. Further, even if we succeed and our revenue and profits increase, we may not achieve historical rates of growth. Our rapid growth has placed and may continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial resources. We have in the past expended, and may again expend, substantial financial and other resources on marketing and advertising, inventory expansion, production capacity expansion, and general administration expenses related to being a growing public company. If we cannot manage our growth effectively to maintain profitability, as well as the quality and efficiency of our customers car-buying and selling experience, our business could be harmed and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Our failure to maintain our reputation and to otherwise maintain and enhance our customer service quality and brand could adversely affect our business, sales, and results of operations. Our business model is based on our ability to provide customers with a transparent and simplified solution to car buying and selling that will save them time and money. Accordingly, our ability to consistently deliver a high-quality experience and our reputation as a company of integrity are critical to our success. Thus, we rely heavily on marketing and advertising to increase brand visibility. If we fail to maintain our reputation, or if an actual, perceived, or alleged failure of these standards occurs that damages this reputation, we could experience reduced consumer trust, lower customer demand, diminished effectiveness of our marketing and brand-building efforts, and a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. The operationally intensive aspect of our offering and the nature of automotive retail that necessitates the use of third-party vendors and systems to complete certain ancillary parts of the customer transaction (e.g., vehicle inspections, submitting title and registration paperwork to vendors or state entities) makes maintaining the quality of our customer experience a particularly difficult challenge. For example, we have been the subject of various complaints relating to the timely delivery of certificates of title and registration, and vehicle quality. While we do not believe these claims are material, irrespective of their validity, any claims, complaints, investigations, government inquiries, or negative publicity could diminish customer confidence in our platform and adversely affect our brand. The use of social media increases the speed with which information, misinformation, and opinions can be shared and thus the speed with which our reputation can be affected. Negative or inaccurate postings, articles, reports, or comments on social media, the internet, or the press about us have, from time to time, generated negative publicity that damages the reputation of our brand. If we fail to correct or mitigate misinformation or negative information about us, the vehicles we offer to sell or purchase, our customer experience, or any 12 aspect of our brand, including information spread through social media or traditional media channels, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. We experience seasonal and other fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results, which may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Our quarterly and annual results of operations, including our revenue, gross profit, and cash flow, vary from quarter to quarter and year to year based in part on, among other things, consumers car-buying patterns. Used vehicle sales generally exhibit seasonality with sales typically peaking late in the first calendar quarter (coinciding with the time when the federal government issues tax refunds) and diminishing through the rest of the year, with the lowest relative level of sales expected to occur in the fourth calendar quarter. Due to our rapid growth, our overall sales patterns in the past have not always reflected the general seasonality of the used vehicle industry. However, as our business and markets continue to mature, we expect our results to become more reflective of typical market seasonality. Used vehicle prices also exhibit seasonality, with used vehicles generally depreciating at a faster rate in the fourth and first quarters of each year and a slower rate in the second and third quarters of each year, all other factors being equal. Other factors that cause our quarterly and annual results to fluctuate include, without limitation: profitability or other initiatives; fluctuations in consumer demand, vehicle supply, and labor supply due to macroeconomic conditions; the timing of sales of our automotive finance receivables; our ability to attract new customers; changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry; the regulatory environment; expenses associated with unforeseen quality issues and manufacturer recalls; the speed, persistence, and aggregate level of inflation; the pace and level of changes in benchmark interest rates; and litigation, investigations, regulatory inquiries, or other claims against us. In addition, a significant portion of our expenses are fixed and do not vary proportionately with fluctuations in revenues. Accordingly, our results in any quarter or year may not indicate the results we may achieve in any subsequent quarter or for the full year, and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. We maintain a business relationship with DriveTime Automotive Inc. and other entities affiliated with our controlling stockholders for certain services and processes. We maintain a business relationship with DriveTime, a related party due to the Garcia Parties control and ownership of substantially all of the interests in DriveTime. We are party to a number of arrangements with DriveTime and its affiliates that cannot be assumed to have been negotiated at arm s length. We continue to periodically engage DriveTime, its affiliates, and other entities controlled by our controlling stockholder to provide us with certain services, including but not limited to, lease agreements, the administration of VSCs, and the servicing of automotive finance receivables originated by us. DriveTime has also in the past and may in the future purchase or sell certain vehicles or automotive finance receivables from or to us. There can be no assurance that DriveTime and the other affiliates will continue these arrangements on similar terms, or at all, and as a result our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected and historical costs may not always accurately reflect future costs and expenses. We participate in a highly competitive industry; pressure from existing and new companies may adversely affect our business and operating results. The used car marketplace is a highly fragmented and highly competitive industry. We face significant competition from companies that provide listings, information, lead generation, and car-buying and selling services designed to reach businesses and consumers and enable dealers to reach these consumers and inventory sources. Our current and future competitors may include: traditional used vehicle dealerships such as CarMax; internet and online automotive sites, such as Amazon, Autobytel, AutoTrader, Cars, Carfax, CarGurus, eBay Motors, Edmunds, Google, KBB, and TrueCar; 13 providers of offline, membership-based car-buying services such as the Costco Auto Program; new and used vehicle dealers or marketplaces with e-commerce business or online platforms; marketplaces that could compete with our wholesale marketplace program; automobile manufacturers such as Ford, General Motors, Toyota, Volkswagen, Tesla, Rivian, and Lucid; and privately negotiated transactions. We also expect that competitors, both new and existing, will continue to enter the online and traditional automotive retail industry with competing brands, business models, products, and services, which could make it difficult to acquire inventory, attract customers, and sell vehicles at a profitable price. Some of these companies may have significantly greater resources than we do and may be able to provide customers access to a greater inventory of vehicles at lower prices or purchase vehicles from consumers at higher prices while delivering a competitive online experience. Additionally, there can be no assurance we will not experience competition from DriveTime, the company from which we were spun off and with which we currently have certain business relationships. Furthermore, we have a cross-license agreement with DriveTime pursuant to which DriveTime has obtained limited licenses to some of our intellectual property, which could impact our competitive position. Our competitors may also develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future business model, products, and services less competitive, unmarketable, or obsolete. For example, rapid changes in technology, including rideshare services and the development of autonomous vehicles, including those developed by Waymo and Tesla, could lead to a decrease in demand for our products. Competitors may also impede our ability to reach consumers or commence operations in certain jurisdictions. For example, we depend in part on internet search engines, lead generators, automotive finance partners, social networking sites, AI tools, and vehicle listing sites to drive traffic to our website and mobile application and our competitors may increase their search engine optimization efforts and outbid us for search terms on various search engines, use their political influence and increase lobbying efforts, or align with Internet search engine providers to receive a higher search result page ranking than ours. Any reduction in the number of users directed to our website and mobile application through internet search engines, lead generators, automotive finance providers, social networking sites, AI tools, or vehicle listing sites, could harm our business and operating results. In addition, technology related to generative AI is advancing rapidly, and its future impact on the automotive ecosystem is unknown. For example, AI-driven automation and virtual assistants may streamline dealership operations, improve customer engagement, and increase efficiency in sourcing and managing used vehicles, which could significantly alter competitive dynamics and operational requirements in the automotive market. Private plaintiffs and federal, state, and local regulatory and law enforcement authorities continue to scrutinize advertising, sales, financing, and insurance activities in the purchase, sale, and leasing of used vehicles. If, as a result, other automotive retailers adopt more transparent, consumer-oriented business practices, our differentiation versus those retailers could be reduced. In addition, if one or more of our competitors, or DriveTime, were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, the change in the competitive landscape could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Our competitors may also establish or strengthen cooperative relationships with our current or future data providers, technology partners, or other parties with whom we have relationships, thereby limiting our ability to develop, improve, and promote our solutions. We may not be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors, and competitive pressures may harm our revenue, business, and financial results. Our business is sensitive to changes in the prices of new and used vehicles. Any significant changes in prices for new or used vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. An overall increase in used vehicle prices or monthly payments, including as a result of increased interest rates, longer loan terms, or tighter credit standards, makes it difficult for certain customers to afford to purchase a vehicle. Similarly, if prices for used vehicles rise relative to prices for new vehicles, consumers may prefer new vehicles, particularly where manufacturer financing incentives narrow the total cost of ownership gap. Additional manufacturer incentives could also contribute to narrowing this price gap. In addition, while lower used vehicle prices reduce our cost of acquiring inventory, lower prices could also lead to reductions in the prices at which we can sell such inventory, which could create markdown risk and have a negative impact on gross profit. Furthermore, any significant changes in wholesale prices for used vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations by reducing wholesale margins. Price volatility can also complicate pricing algorithms, appraisal accuracy, and residual value assumptions, potentially leading to increased return rates, inventory write-downs, or reduced financing proceeds. 14 Our business is dependent upon our ability to acquire desirable vehicles and parts used to recondition vehicles, and to expeditiously sell such vehicle inventory. Obstacles to acquiring and selling attractive inventory, whether because of supply, competition, or other factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. We acquire vehicles for sale through numerous sources, including directly from consumers, from wholesale auctions, including our wholesale marketplace, from other large fleet operators, from original equipment manufacturers, and from other retailers, which are evaluated for mechanical soundness, consumer desirability, and relative value as prospective inventory. There can be no assurance that the supply or price of desirable used vehicles will be sufficient to meet our needs. If we fail to adjust appraisal offers to stay in line with broader market trade-in offer trends, to recognize those trends, or to properly assess vehicles before we purchase them, it could adversely affect our ability to acquire desirable inventory. Further, we rely on agreements with third-parties to finance our vehicle inventory purchases, and may require additional financing arrangements in the future. If we are unable to extend the current financing agreements on favorable terms or at all, if the agreements expire and are not renewed, if new financing arrangements are at higher interest rates or with less favorable terms, or if we are unable to secure new financing, our inventory supply may decline. A reduction in the availability of or access to sources of desirable inventory, including parts necessary to recondition such inventory, whether due to supply chain constraints, pricing, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. It is also common that commercial suppliers of used vehicles regularly review their relationships with used vehicle disposition channels, such as our wholesale marketplace platform or retail marketplace offering, through requests for proposals. Such suppliers may from time to time require us to change the way we do business or provide services on less favorable terms. There can be no assurance that our existing agreements will not be canceled or that we will be able to enter into future agreements with these or other suppliers on similar terms, or at all. Finally, used vehicle inventory has typically represented a significant portion of our total assets. Having such a large portion of our total assets in the form of used vehicle inventory for an extended period of time subjects us to depreciation, inflation, and other risks, which have in the past and may again affect our results of operations. Our purchases of used vehicles are based in large part on projected demand. If actual sales are materially less than our forecasts, we have and may again experience an over-supply of used vehicle inventory. An over-supply of used vehicle inventory will generally cause downward pressure on our product sales prices and margins and increase our average days to sale. This increase has and may again subject us to accelerated depreciation of our vehicle inventory due to changes in economic conditions, which could result in reduced retail and wholesale margins. Accordingly, if we have excess inventory or our average days to sale increases, we may be unable to liquidate such inventory at prices that allow us to meet margin targets or to recover our costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We operate in several highly regulated industries and are subject to a wide range of federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our actual or alleged failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We are subject to a wide range of evolving federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which may have limited to no interpretation precedent as it relates to our business model. Our compliance obligations may vary by jurisdiction and change without advance notice. Our sale and purchase of used vehicles and related activities, including financing our customers acquisition of those vehicles, shipping and delivery of vehicles and the sale of complementary products and services, are subject to state and local licensing requirements, state laws, regulations, and systems and process requirements related to title and registration, state laws regulating the sale of motor vehicles and related products and services, federal and state laws regulating advertising of motor vehicles and related products and services, federal and state consumer protection laws prohibiting unfair, deceptive or misleading practices toward consumers, customer insurance related regulations, regulations governing the internet, e-commerce or mobile commerce, anti-money laundering regulations, and labor laws. Dealer and Finance Licensing Regulations: Regulators in jurisdictions in which we have a dealer or finance license have in the past, and may in the future, impose economic fines, suspend or revoke our license, or otherwise preclude us from buying or selling vehicles or providing financing products to customers. Regulators in jurisdictions where our customers reside but in which we do not have a dealer or financing license could require that we obtain a license or otherwise comply with various state regulations, and may seek to impose punitive fines for operating without a license or demand we seek a license in those jurisdictions, any of which may inhibit our ability to do business in those jurisdictions, increase our operating expenses, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Telephone Consumer Protection Act ("TCPA"). We utilize telephone calls and text messaging as a means of communicating with and marketing to consumers, some of which activities are regulated by the TCPA. Consumers have in the past and may in the future allege violations of the TCPA, and if we fail to adhere to or successfully implement appropriate 15 processes and procedures in response to existing or future marketing regulations, it could result in legal and monetary liability, fines, penalties, or damage to our reputation. Further restrictions may also adversely affect our ability to attract customers. Environmental, Transportation, and Logistics Related Laws and Regulations. Our facilities and business operations are subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and health and safety. Our logistics operations, which we depend on to transport vehicles to and from wholesale auctions, our IRCs, our vending machines, our hubs, and our customers, are subject to regulation by the DOT and by the states through which our vehicles travel. New or additional restrictive limitations on the transport of vehicles, such as the California Zero Emission Vehicle program, could increase our operating expenses. Finance Related Laws and Regulations. The financing we offer to customers is subject to state licensing laws and to federal and state laws regulating the advertising and provision of consumer finance options, the collection of consumer credit and financial information, along with requirements related to online payments and electronic funds transfers. The violation of any laws or regulations could inhibit our ability to execute our business, result in administrative, civil, or criminal penalties, or in a cease-and-desist order against some or all of our business activities, any of which could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, and results of operations. Additionally, even an allegation that we violated these laws by regulators, competitors, individuals, or consumers, could result in costly litigation with uncertain results. We have incurred and will continue to incur capital and operating expenses and other costs to comply with these laws and regulations. This description of laws and regulations to which we are or may be subject is not exhaustive, and the regulatory framework governing our operations is subject to evolving interpretations and continuous change. For additional information regarding government regulations and compliance matters we are subject to, see Part I, Item 1 "Business Government Regulation." The enactment of new laws and regulations or the interpretation of existing laws and regulations in an unfavorable way may affect the operation of our business, directly or indirectly, which could result in substantial regulatory compliance costs, civil or criminal penalties, including fines, adverse publicity, decreased revenues, and increased expenses. Our ability to grow our complementary product and service offerings may be limited, which could negatively impact our growth rate, revenues and financial performance. We plan to continue to utilize our online sales platform to offer additional complementary products and services, which may include services or products involving other inventory sources, new vehicles, additional trade-in options, additional financing options, various forms of insurance related to vehicle condition, property and casualty, or other insurance products, subscription services, shipping services, GAP waivers, customized accessories, leasing, or maintenance. We may incur losses or otherwise fail to enter these markets successfully. Our expansion into these markets also places us in competitive and regulatory environments with which we are unfamiliar and involve various risks, including the need to invest significant resources and the possibility that returns on such investments will not be achieved for several years, if at all. In attempting to establish new service or product offerings, we incur significant expenses and face various other challenges, such as expanding our customer advocate, management, and compliance personnel to cover new markets. In addition, we may not successfully demonstrate the value of these complementary products and services to consumers, and failure to do so would compromise our ability to successfully expand into these additional revenue streams. Any of these risks, if realized, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Consumer protection, insurance, and licensing requirements for ancillary products may also evolve in the future, increasing costs and limiting product design and attach rates. We rely on internal and external logistics to transport our inventory throughout the United States, which subjects us to business risks and costs associated with the transportation industry. Many of these risks and costs are out of our control, and any of them could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on a combination of internal and external logistics to transport vehicles to and from wholesale auctions, IRCs, hubs, vending machines, and our customers. As a result, we are exposed to risks associated with the transportation industry such as weather, traffic patterns, gasoline prices, recalls affecting our vehicle fleet, local and federal regulations, vehicular crashes, insufficient internal capacity, rising prices of transportation vendors, taxes, license and registration fees, insurance premiums, self-insurance levels, difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified drivers, disruption of our technology systems, equipment supply, equipment quality, and increasing equipment and operational costs. Our failure to successfully manage our logistics and fulfillment process could cause a disruption in our inventory supply chain and distribution, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Capacity constraints, labor shortages, and regulatory changes affecting hours-of-service and emissions may increase cost-to-deliver and extend cycle times. 16 Our use of artificial intelligence may not perform as expected and could expose us to technological, operational, legal, and reputational risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations We increasingly develop and deploy AI technology through third party generative AI platforms and internal software, in connection with our proprietary systems and customer experiences, including automated, self-service workflows, AI-enabled customer support tools, internal work efficiencies, and enhancement of our recruiting and hiring processes. These initiatives are complex, rapidly evolving, and inherently uncertain. There is no assurance that our AI capabilities will function as intended, deliver anticipated benefits, or scale cost-effectively. The performance, quality, and impact of AI models depend on numerous factors, including the availability and integrity of training data, model design, computational resources, integration with our operations and technology stack, and ongoing monitoring and governance. If our AI systems or those third party platforms we utilize underperform, produce inaccurate, incomplete, or biased outputs, hallucinate or fail under edge cases, degrade customer experiences, inadvertently disclose or misuse intellectual property, or otherwise fail to meet expectations, we could experience decreased conversion, operational disruptions, increased costs, reduced margins, customer dissatisfaction, negative publicity, or harm to our brand and competitive position. Increased use of AI may additionally result in cybersecurity, data privacy, and labor and employment risks. The laws, rules, standards, and guidance relating to AI are developing rapidly and vary across jurisdictions. We may be subject to evolving requirements regarding transparency, fairness, explainability, safety, data usage and provenance, content integrity, consumer protection, and algorithmic accountability. If we use AI in ways that regulators view as unfair, deceptive, discriminatory, or otherwise noncompliant, we could face heightened scrutiny, investigations, enforcement actions, private litigation, or requirements to modify, suspend, or cease certain AI-enabled practices. To the extent AI touches areas implicating privacy, information security, intellectual property, credit and financing, or other regulated activities, we may incur additional compliance obligations and associated costs. The development and deployment of AI requires ongoing investments in talent, infrastructure, data quality, tooling, and governance frameworks. These investments may be significant and may not result in improvements to growth, margins, or customer experience. We may need to devote additional resources to testing, monitoring, documentation, and controls to address emerging standards and mitigate model risks, including bias, fairness, and safety. If we are unable to develop, procure, integrate, or govern AI technologies effectively; if third-party AI providers or inputs are unavailable, unreliable, or more costly; if regulatory requirements materially constrain AI use; or if our AI initiatives otherwise fail to meet expectations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We collect, process, store, share, transmit, disclose, and use information, including personally identifiable information. Our actual or perceived failure to protect such information and data, comply with privacy and security-related requirements, mitigate data loss, and/or prevent a cybersecurity or other incident could damage our reputation and harm our business and operating results. We collect, process, store, share, transmit, disclose, and use sensitive information and other data provided by consumers, employees, and business partners, including personally identifiable information ( PII ) and sensitive personal information ("SPI"), to support our business operations. This information may include social security numbers, credit scores, and financial information. Although we have taken measures designed to safeguard such information, our facilities and systems could be vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events. Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of AI, to engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of PII, SPI, confidential information, and intellectual property. We also rely on third party service providers and vendors that process information on our behalf. We have limited ability to control their security and privacy practices, and contractual protections and due diligence may not prevent all incidents. A security incident at a third party could have similar adverse effects on us as an incident on our own systems. The use of AI tools and programs by new or existing vendors may also introduce unique vulnerabilities whose existence or exploitation could have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. We are subject to numerous and rapidly evolving federal, state, and local laws regarding privacy, cybersecurity and the collection, use, and disclosure of PII and other data. Many states, including California, have implemented laws that give consumers expanded rights to manage their personal information. In addition, cybersecurity has become a high priority for regulators, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws setting forth cybersecurity compliance standards and/or requiring companies to notify certain parties of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. The SEC has adopted 17 rules for public companies, requiring the mandatory disclosure of material cybersecurity incidents and the Federal Trade Commission and the New York Department of Financial Services have both also increased incident reporting and expanded cybersecurity program requirements. Any failure or perceived failure to maintain the security of and/or adhere to privacy-related obligations related to personal and other data that is provided to us by consumers, employees, and vendors, or any failure or perceived failure to appropriately report and respond to cyber incidents in accordance with applicable law and contractual obligations, could harm our reputation and expose us to a risk of loss or litigation, regulatory scrutiny or enforcement actions, and possible liability, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If our cybersecurity measures are breached or there is a disruption in our technology systems, our business, brand, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed. We are highly dependent on technology networks and infrastructure for our business. Our brand, reputation, and ability to attract consumers depend on the safe and reliable performance of our website and mobile application and the supporting systems, technology, and infrastructure, such as our logistics network. Although we consider cybersecurity protection and system stability to be an important piece of our business, strategy, and management, we have in the past and may in the future experience potentially significant interruptions to our systems. Interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, programming or configuration errors, computer viruses, or physical or electronic break-ins, including from ransomware or distributed denial of service attacks, could prevent us from selling cars, providing customary financing options to our customers, limit the availability of the inventory on our website and mobile application, impair consumer access to our platforms, delay communications, or cause a breach of data (including PII, SPI, and other confidential information). If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs or there is a disruption in our technology systems, we could lose competitively sensitive business information, intellectual property or experience compromise of our information processes or internal controls. In addition, the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or services could be harmed, and we could lose employees, customers, and business partners. In the event of a security breach, we could suffer financial exposure in connection with demands from perpetrators, penalties and fines, remediation efforts, investigations and legal proceedings, and changes in our security and system protection measures. In the event of an error, defects, disruptions, or other performance or reliability problems with our network operations, our customers physical or electronic access to our inventory, or purchase, financing, and fulfillment process, and our access to data that drives our inventory purchase operations could be interrupted as well as cause delays and additional expense in arranging access to new facilities and services, any of which could harm our reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. A significant portion of our technology footprint, including the technology and infrastructure that supports our website and mobile applications, is hosted in third-party data center facilities that we do not own or control. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, computer viruses, earthquakes, and similar events. The occurrence of any of these events could damage our systems and hardware or could cause them to fail which could result in interruptions in the delivery of our services or impair our operations, negatively impacting sales and operating results. Further, any problems faced by our web-hosting providers could adversely affect the experience of our customers, and if our web-hosting providers are unable to keep up with our growing capacity needs, our business could be harmed. Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property, technology, and confidential information could reduce our competitiveness and harm our business and operating results. Our business depends on our intellectual property, including proprietary algorithms, inventions, website content, mobile applications, trademarks, trade dress rights, registered domain names, AI technology, vending machine design and systems, and other confidential information, the protection of which is crucial to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property, technology, and confidential information. We also require all of our new employees and most contractors to enter into intellectual property assignment agreements and certain third parties to enter into nondisclosure agreements. However, these agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property, or technology, or grant all necessary rights to any inventions that may have been developed by the employees and consultants. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our website or mobile application features, software, and functionality, or to obtain and use information that we consider proprietary. Changes in the law or adverse court rulings may also limit the scope of our rights and inhibit us from preventing others from using our technology. In addition, our use of AI tools, such as our chatbot, into our business has also increased the risk of inadvertent disclosure of proprietary information and trade secrets. Steps taken to mitigate this risk, including agreements with vendors and policies relating to the 18 safe use of AI tools may not effectively protect proprietary information and any incidents of inadvertent disclosure could undermine our intellectual property rights. We may, and occasionally in the ordinary course of business do, receive communications alleging infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property or claims relating to licenses with respect thereto. Any claims that we assert against perceived infringers could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their intellectual property rights. At any given time, we may be involved as either a plaintiff or a defendant in a number of intellectual property actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. As a result of such claims, we may have to pay monetary damages and lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Further, even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs, harm our reputation, and divert management attention. Lastly, we use open source software in our platform and expect to continue doing so. Certain open source licenses could be interpreted to impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our platform. By the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to make our proprietary software available to be used by the public, re-engineer portions of code, or otherwise be limited to use such code or technology if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. Each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our technologies and services developed. An inability to obtain adequate insurance on our inventory or auto liability insurance, or the affordability of such insurance, may materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We rely on inventory insurance to protect against catastrophic losses of our inventory, and similarly rely on auto liability insurance to protect us against auto-related liability, in relation to, among other things, our transportation and logistics network. However, the coverage limits of these policies may not be adequate to cover all future claims. Further, there is no guarantee that we will continue to be able to obtain insurance at affordable rates, or at all, through outside insurers. If we are unable to purchase affordable insurance, we may have to self-insure, reducing our ability to make other investments in our business and exposing us to financial risk. In addition, our inability to insure our inventory through an outside insurer, or to adequately self-insure, may adversely impact our ability to finance our inventory purchases. Our inventory is also pledged as collateral in finance agreements, and a failure to maintain sufficient insurance to financially protect the collateral assets could be inconsistent with the requirements of such finance agreements. We depend on key personnel to operate our business. If we are unable to retain, attract, and integrate qualified personnel, our ability to develop and successfully grow our business could be harmed. We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of our executives and employees. Our future success depends on our ability to attract, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and skilled employees, including operations staff onsite at IRCs, vending machines, hubs, and auction sites. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. In addition, the loss or inhibition of any of our key employees or senior executives could materially adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and strategy, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all. Our executive officers and other employees are at-will employees, which means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. We may not receive the full, expected benefit from our minority equity investments, including Root, Inc. We have certain minority equity investments in other companies, including shares of Series A convertible preferred stock and warrants to acquire Class A common stock in Root (the "Root Warrants"). As a minority equity investor, our influence over these companies is limited, and we may be unable to influence their business plans, assure quality control, set the timing and pace of development, or cause them to effect significant transactions such as large expenditures or contractual commitments, develop insurance or other products, or borrow money. Our inability to control the operations or management of the these companies may result in us receiving or retaining less than the amount of benefit we might otherwise expect to receive from appreciation of the equity investment or from the commercial relationship associated therewith. We may be limited in our ability to monetize or exit our investment in these companies, given contractual restrictions on selling our investment and uncertainty in the trading market for their equity securities. In addition, we have in the past recognized, and may again recognize, decreases in fair value in relation to our Root Warrants, and we may also experience a decrease in fair value in relation to our Series A convertible preferred stock. Any other downward adjustment to or impairment of our equity investments could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 19 We have acquired, and may continue to acquire, other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. In the past, we have occasionally acquired complementary businesses and technologies, including the acquisition of our wholesale marketplace and acquisition of five franchise dealerships, and we may do so again in the future. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. The risks we face in connection with acquisitions include: diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges; coordination of technology, research and development, and sales and marketing functions; transition of the acquired company s users to our website and mobile application; retention of employees from the acquired company; entry into certain new lines of business may subject us to new laws and regulations or additional operational costs; cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; integration of the acquired company s accounting, management information, human resources, cybersecurity, and other administrative systems; the need to implement or improve controls, policies, and procedures at a business that, prior to the acquisition, may have lacked effective controls, policies, and procedures; potential write-offs of intangibles or other assets acquired in such transactions that may have an adverse effect on our operating results; liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities; litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, consumers, former investors, or other third parties; and incurrence of significant expenses in connection with integration. Our failure to address these risks or other challenges encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities, and otherwise harm our business. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, and amortization expenses, any one of which could harm our financial condition. Additionally, acquisitions have resulted, and may again result, in impairments of intangible assets such as goodwill, and tangible assets. Any of these risks, if realized, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are, and may in the future be, subject to legal proceedings, claims, and investigations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, inquiries, and investigations, from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Legal claims have been and could be asserted against us by individuals, either individually or through class actions, by governmental entities in civil or criminal investigations and proceedings, or by other entities. These claims have been and could be asserted under a variety of laws, including but not limited to consumer finance laws; consumer protection laws; intellectual property laws; laws governing motor vehicle dealers; laws, regulations, and systems and process requirements related to title and registration; state laws regulating the sale of motor vehicles and related products and services; privacy laws; labor and employment laws; securities laws; employee benefit laws; tax laws; contract laws; and tort laws. These actions have in the past and could in the future expose us to adverse publicity and to substantial monetary damages and legal defense costs, injunctive relief, and criminal and civil fines and penalties, including but not limited to suspension or revocation of licenses to conduct business. In June 2025, we received a subpoena from the SEC requesting information that we believe primarily relates to allegations raised by a report published by a now-defunct short-selling firm. We currently cannot predict the outcome of this matter. For more information, see Item 3. Legal Pr