=== WRB_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results for the year 2026 and beyond to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement we make. Any projections of growth in our revenues would not necessarily result in commensurate levels of earnings. Our future financial performance is dependent upon factors discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K and our other SEC filings. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. 6 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS W. R. Berkley Corporation is an insurance holding company that is among the largest commercial lines writers in the United States and operates worldwide in two segments of the property casualty insurance business: Insurance - Our Insurance businesses underwrite predominantly commercial insurance business, including excess and surplus lines, admitted lines and specialty personal lines throughout the United States, as well as insurance business in Asia, Australia, Canada, Continental Europe, Mexico, Scandinavia, South America and the United Kingdom. Reinsurance Monoline Excess - Our Reinsurance businesses provide facultative and treaty reinsurance in the United States, the Asia Pacific region, Australia, Continental Europe, South Africa and the United Kingdom, as well as operations that solely retain risk on an excess basis and certain program management business. Our two reporting segments are each composed of individual businesses that serve a market defined by geography, products, services or industry served. Each of our businesses is positioned close to its customer base and participates in a niche market requiring specialized knowledge. This strategy of decentralized operations allows each of our businesses to identify and respond quickly and effectively to changing market conditions and specific customer needs, while capitalizing on the benefits of centralized capital, investment and reinsurance management, and corporate actuarial, financial, enterprise risk management and compliance support. Our business approach is focused on meeting the needs of our customers, maintaining a high quality balance sheet, and allocating capital to our best opportunities. New businesses are started when opportunities are identified and when the right talent and expertise are found to lead a business. Of our 60 businesses, 53 have been organized and developed internally and seven have been added through acquisition. Net premiums written, as reported based on United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), for each of our reporting segments for each of the past three years were as follows: Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Net premiums written: Insurance $ 11,183,713 $ 10,549,550 $ 9,560,533 Reinsurance Monoline Excess 1,527,614 1,422,546 1,393,934 Total $ 12,711,327 $ 11,972,096 $ 10,954,467 Percentage of net premiums written: Insurance 88.0 % 88.1 % 87.3 % Reinsurance Monoline Excess 12.0 11.9 12.7 Total 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % Thirty-three of our insurance company subsidiaries are rated by A.M. Best Company, Inc. ("A.M. Best") and have financial strength ratings of A+ (Superior) (the second highest rating out of 15 possible ratings). A.M. Best's ratings are based upon factors of concern to policyholders, insurance agents and brokers and are not directed toward the protection of investors. A.M. Best states: A Best's Financial Strength Rating (FSR) is an independent opinion of an insurer's financial strength and ability to meet its ongoing insurance policy and contract obligations. An FSR is not assigned to specific insurance policies or contracts and does not address any other risk. A.M. Best reviews its ratings on a periodic basis, and its ratings of the Company's subsidiaries are therefore subject to change. Our twenty-three insurance company subsidiaries rated by Standard Poor's ( S P ) have financial strength ratings of AA- (the fourth highest rating out of twenty-seven possible ratings). Our Moody's financial strength ratings are A1 for Berkley Insurance Company, Berkley Regional Insurance Company and Admiral Insurance Company (the fifth highest rating out of twenty-one possible ratings). Our twenty-five insurance company subsidiaries rated by Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") have insurer financial strength ratings of AA- (the fourth highest rating out of twenty-seven possible ratings). 7 The following sections describe our reporting segments and their businesses in greater detail. These businesses underwrite on behalf of one or more affiliated insurance companies within the group. The businesses are identified for descriptive purposes only and are not legal entities, but for marketing purposes may sometimes be referred to individually as "a Berkley company" or collectively as "Berkley companies." Unless otherwise indicated, all references in this Form 10-K to Berkley, we, us, our, the Company or similar terms refer to W. R. Berkley Corporation together with its subsidiaries and businesses. W. R. Berkley Corporation is a Delaware corporation formed in 1970. Insurance Our Insurance businesses underwrite predominantly commercial and specialty personal lines insurance business primarily throughout the United States. Many units offer coverage globally, while others specialize in specific international markets. The Insurance businesses focus on the following general areas: Excess Surplus Lines : A number of our businesses are dedicated to the U.S. excess and surplus lines market. They serve a diverse group of customers that often have complex risk or unique exposures that typically fall outside the underwriting guidelines of the standard insurance market. Lines of business underwritten by our excess and surplus lines businesses include premises operations, auto, property, products liability, general liability and professional liability lines. Products are generally distributed through wholesale agents and brokers. Industry Specialty : Certain other businesses focus on providing specialty coverages to customers within a particular industry that are best served by underwriters and claims professionals with specialized knowledge of that industry. They offer multiple lines of business with policies tailored to address the unique exposures of these industries, often with the flexibility of providing coverages on either an admitted or a non-admitted basis in the U.S., as well as internationally. Each business delivers its products through one or more distribution channels, including retail and wholesale agents, brokers, and managing general agents (MGAs), depending on the customer and the particular risks insured. Product Specialty : Other businesses specialize in providing specific lines of insurance coverage, such as workers compensation or professional liability, to a wide range of customers. They offer insurance products, analytical tools and risk management services such as loss control and claims management that enable clients to manage their risk appropriately. Business is typically written on an admitted basis, although some businesses may offer non-admitted products in the U.S. and offer products internationally. Independent agents and brokers are the primary means of distribution. Regional: Certain businesses offer standard insurance products and services focused on meeting the specific needs of a geographically differentiated customer base. Key clients are small-to-midsized businesses. These regionally focused businesses provide a broad array of commercial insurance products to customers primarily in 45 states and the District of Columbia and have developed expertise in niches that reflect local economies. They are organized geographically in order to provide them with the flexibility to adapt quickly to local market conditions and customer needs. In addition, we have extensive worldwide capabilities, with branches or offices in 52 cities outside the United States, in Asia, Australia, Canada, Continental Europe, Mexico, Scandinavia, South America, and the United Kingdom, and through Lloyds global licensing. In each geographic region in which we operate, we have built decentralized structures that allow products and services to be tailored to each regional customer base. Our businesses are managed by teams of professionals with expertise in local markets and knowledge of regional environments. In addition to providing insurance products, certain businesses also provide a wide variety of fee-based services, including claims, administrative and consulting services. Businesses comprising the Insurance segment are as follows: Acadia Insurance is a Northeast regional property casualty underwriter offering a broad portfolio of products exclusively through local independent agents in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Rhode Island and Vermont. In addition to its general offerings, Acadia has specialized expertise in insuring regional industries such as construction, service contractors, lumber, and transportation. Admiral Insurance provides excess and surplus lines coverage for commercial risks that generally consist of hard-to- place, specialized risks that involve moderate to high degrees of hazard. In both general liability and professional lines, Admiral has a broad line of products to meet the needs of existing as well as emerging opportunities. The distribution of products is limited to wholesale brokers. Berkley Accident and Health underwrites accident and health insurance and reinsurance products in four primary areas: medical stop loss, managed care, special risk and group captive. It has a diversified product and service portfolio serving a range of clients from small employers, health care organizations, and membership groups to Fortune 500 companies. 8 Berkley Agribusiness offers insurance for larger commercial risks across the United States involved in the supply, storage, handling, processing and distribution of commodities related to the agriculture and food industries. Berkley Alliance Managers offers tailored insurance coverages and comprehensive risk management solutions designed to enhance profitability and reduce susceptibility to loss in four target markets - Design Professionals, Construction Professionals, Accounting Professionals and miscellaneous non-medical Service Professionals. Berkley Aspire provides excess and surplus lines coverage on a national basis to small to medium-sized insureds with low to moderate insurance risk. Its product lines include general liability, excess liability and some property and inland marine coverage. It serves a limited distribution channel, including select agents. Berkley Asset Protection provides specialized insurance coverages for fine arts and jewelry exposures to commercial and individual clients. Berkley Canada underwrites specialty, casualty and surety lines of business on behalf of the Canadian branch of Berkley Insurance Company. It specializes in commercial casualty and professional liability, and offers a broad portfolio of risk products that include commercial general liability, umbrella, professional liability, directors and officers, commercial property and surety, in addition to niche products for specific industries such as technology, life sciences and travel. Berkley Construction Solutions provides excess liability coverage to residential and commercial contractors on a project or practice basis. Berkley Custom Insurance focuses on the excess casualty insurance market and offers umbrella and excess liability coverages to clients from the small/middle market to Fortune 1000 companies in target classes of business including construction, manufacturing, retail/wholesale trade, finance, real estate, public entities and oil gas. Berkley Cyber Risk Solutions focuses on insurance and risk management products that respond to the changing cyber security vulnerabilities of organizations around the world. It offers specialty commercial cyber insurance coverages on a worldwide basis to clients of all sizes. Berkley Edge provides excess and surplus lines coverage for small to mid-sized commercial accounts that generally consist of hard-to-place, specialized risks involving moderate to high degrees of hazard. In both general liability and professional lines, Berkley Edge offers limited coverage options and distributes its products through a limited group of wholesale brokers. Berkley Embedded Solutions delivers tailored, digital-first insurance products and services at the point of purchase. Berkley Enterprise Risk Solutions provides custom workers' compensation programs to large employers operating in a broad range of industries. Loss sensitive and/or guaranteed cost programs are offered to employers with exposure predominately in California. Berkley Entertainment underwrites property casualty insurance products, both on an admitted and non-admitted basis, for clients in the entertainment industry and sports-related organizations. Berkley Environmental underwrites casualty and specialty environmental products for environmental customers including contractors, consultants, property owners and facilities operators. Berkley Financial Specialists serves the insurance needs of companies predominantly in the financial services sector. Its Berkley Crime division provides crime and fidelity related insurance products for commercial organizations, financial sector businesses and governmental entities on a primary and excess basis. Its Financial Services segment provides management liability and fidelity products to financial institutions, insurance companies and asset management firms. Berkley Fire Marine offers specialized insurance products and services for inland marine and related property risks, nationwide. These products are distributed through independent agents and brokers. Berkley Healthcare underwrites customized, comprehensive insurance solutions for the full spectrum of healthcare providers. Through Berkley Healthcare Medical Professional, it offers a wide range of medical professional coverages. Through Berkley Healthcare Financial Lines, it offers a comprehensive suite of financial lines coverages. Berkley Human Services provides property casualty insurance coverages to human services organizations, including nonprofit and for-profit organizations. Its product offerings include traditional primary and excess coverages. Berkley Industrial Comp specializes in writing workers' compensation insurance for diverse high hazard industries in select states. Its products are distributed by a select group of independent retail agents and wholesale brokers. 9 Berkley Insurance Asia underwrites specialty commercial insurance coverages to clients in Asia through offices in Hong Kong, India, Shanghai and Singapore. Berkley Insurance Australia underwrites general insurance business in Australia, including professional indemnity insurance for companies of all sizes. Berkley Latinoam rica provides property, casualty, auto, surety, group life and workers' compensation products and services in Argentina, Brazil, the Caribbean, Colombia, Mexico and Uruguay. Berkley Life Sciences offers a comprehensive spectrum of property casualty products to the life sciences industry on a global basis, including both primary and excess product liability coverages. It serves pharmaceutical and biotech companies, medical device companies, dietary supplement companies, medical and research related software developers, contract research and manufacturing organizations, research institutions and organizations, and other related businesses. Berkley Luxury Group provides both admitted and non-admitted commercial package insurance solutions for premium real estate business including high-end cooperatives and condominiums, office buildings and upscale restaurants across major metropolitan markets throughout the continental U.S. It also offers non-admitted excess property coverage for high-value properties on a shared and layered basis across the U.S. Berkley Management Protection offers a modular suite of management liability products for small and middle market companies through a bespoke and easy to use platform tailored to independent agents. The management liability coverages provided include directors and officers, employment practices, fiduciary, cyber, crime and miscellaneous professional liability. Berkley Mid-Atlantic Group provides commercial property casualty coverages to a wide variety of businesses in Delaware, the District of Columbia, Maryland, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Virginia. Focusing on small and middle market accounts, it complements its standard writings with specialized products in areas such as construction. Berkley Net Underwriters focuses on small and medium-sized commercial risks, using a web-based system to allow producers to quote, bind and service workers' compensation insurance products on behalf of Berkley member insurance companies. Berkley North Pacific offers preferred insurance products and services to a broad range of small to medium size commercial entities. It operates through independent agents in Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Utah and Washington. Berkley Offshore Underwriting Managers is a specialist global underwriter of energy and marine risks. Its three divisions provide specialty insurance products in the energy upstream, energy liability and marine sectors. Berkley Oil Gas provides property casualty products and risk services to the United States energy sector. Its customer base includes risks that work in the oil patch, including operators, drillers, geophysical contractors, well-servicing contractors, and manufacturers/distributors of oil field products, as well as those in the renewable energy sector. Berkley One provides a customizable suite of personal lines insurance solutions including home, condo/co-op, auto, fine art and collectibles, liability, collector vehicle and recreational marine. Berkley One targets high net worth individuals and families with sophisticated risk management needs. Berkley Product Protection offers a broad product suite, including product liability and product recall and contamination, to assist clients in the manufacturing, wholesale and import space with their risk management and insurance needs. Berkley Professional Liability specializes in professional liability insurance for publicly-traded and private entities on a worldwide basis. Its liability coverages include directors and officers, errors and omissions, fiduciary, employment practices, and sponsored insurance agents' errors and omissions. Berkley Transactional, a division of Berkley Professional Liability, underwrites transactional insurance products, including representations and warranties insurance, and tax opinion insurance. Berkley Public Entity specializes in providing excess coverage and services to individual governmental and scholastic entities and intergovernmental risk sharing groups. Products include general liability, auto liability, law enforcement liability, public officials and educator's legal liability, employment practices liability, incidental medical, property and crime. Berkley Risk provides at-risk and alternative risk insurance program management services for a broad range of groups and individuals including public entity pools, professional associations, and self-insured clients. As a third party administrator, it manages workers compensation, liability and property claims nationwide. Berkley Select specializes in underwriting professional liability insurance for law firms and accounting firms, as well as other professional firms and their practices. It also offers executive liability products, including directors and officers liability, employment practices and fiduciary liability, to small to middle market privately held and not-for-profit customers. Berkley Select provides these insurance products on both an admitted and surplus lines basis. 10 Berkley Small Business Solutions offers commercial insurance products for small businesses through a modern technology platform that leverages data and analytics. Its initial product offering focuses on preferred risks in the non-fleet transportation market. Berkley Southeast offers a wide array of commercial lines products in six southeastern states: Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee, specializing in small to mid-sized accounts. Berkley Southwest offers preferred commercial property and casualty insurance products and services to a wide range of small to medium size commercial entities with a focus on the construction, farm/ranch, retail and service industries. It operates through independent agents in Arizona, Arkansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas. Berkley Specialty Excess provides excess and surplus lines coverages for hard-to-place risks involved in moderate to high degrees of hazard. It focuses on highly specialized risk exposures within specific industry verticals such as the environmental and energy industries. Its predominate focus is on providing excess insurance; however, in some cases it provides highly specialized environmental primary products tailored to the individual risk. Products are distributed through a minimal number of insurance brokers and agents that specialize in these industry verticals. Berkley Specialty London provides a broad range of insurance products to the Lloyd's marketplace, with a concentration in specialist classes of business including property, professional indemnity and financial lines. Berkley Surety provides a full spectrum of surety bonds for construction, environmental and commercial surety accounts in the U.S. and Canada, through an independent agency and broker platform across seven field locations. Berkley Technology Underwriters provides technology error omission (TE O) and first party cyber coverage along with traditional package, umbrella and worker's compensation products. TE O and cyber products provide industry specialization for both domestic and foreign technology, government contracting, telecommunications, digital media, manufacturing and private equity firms. Carolina Casualty is a national provider of primary commercial insurance products and services to the transportation industry. It underwrites on an admitted basis in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Its Berkley Prime Transportation business provides primary auto liability, auto physical damage and general liability to a broad array of trucking operations. Continental Western Group is a Midwest regional property and casualty insurance operation providing underwriting and risk management services to a broad array of regional businesses in thirteen Midwest states. In addition to its generalist portfolio, Continental Western offers specialty underwriting solutions for diversified agriculture, construction, light manufacturing, transportation, volunteer fire departments, rural utilities and public entities. Gemini Transportation is a national provider of excess liability insurance for various domestic surface transportation businesses, including the railroad industry as well as the trucking, busing and other industries that use rubber-wheeled vehicles for over-the-road use. Intrepid Direct provides commercial insurance coverages through a direct distribution model focused on the franchise market, with specialties including the restaurant, garage and fitness industries. Key Risk specializes in writing workers' compensation insurance for diverse industries including healthcare, human services, transportation, temporary staffing, professional employer organizations and contractors requiring coverage under the United States Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act (USL H). Its products are distributed by a select group of independent retail agents and wholesale brokers located throughout the United States. Nautilus Insurance Group insures excess and surplus lines risks for small to medium-sized commercial risks with low to moderate susceptibility to loss. It writes commercial excess and surplus lines business nationwide and admitted lines commercial business in a limited number of states. A substantial portion of Nautilus' business is written through its close, long-standing network of general agents, who are chosen on a highly selective basis. Preferred Employers Insurance focuses exclusively on workers' compensation products and services for businesses based in California. It serves a broad spectrum of industries throughout the state. Vela Insurance Services specializes in commercial casualty insurance on an excess and surplus lines basis. Its primary focus is on general liability insurance for construction, manufacturing and general casualty clients as well as products liability and miscellaneous professional liability coverages distributed through wholesale insurance brokers. Verus Specialty Insurance offers tailored casualty, professional liability, and garage coverages, specializing in the excess and surplus lines market. It primarily serves the construction, manufacturing, garage service and professional sectors through a selective wholesale broker network. 11 W R B Europe is comprised of specialist businesses offering a focused range of insurance products to markets in Continental Europe. 12 The following table sets forth the percentage of gross premiums written by each Insurance business: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Acadia Insurance 5.4% 5.4% 5.4% Admiral Insurance 7.9 7.3 7.0 Berkley Accident and Health 6.8 5.9 5.4 Berkley Agribusiness 0.5 0.6 0.8 Berkley Alliance Managers 2.2 2.3 2.4 Berkley Aspire 1.4 1.3 1.2 Berkley Asset Protection 0.9 0.9 0.9 Berkley Canada 1.0 1.0 1.0 Berkley Construction Solutions 0.8 0.7 0.6 Berkley Custom Insurance 2.8 2.9 2.9 Berkley Cyber Risk Solutions 0.6 0.7 0.8 Berkley Enterprise Risk Solutions 0.2 0.2 0.1 Berkley Entertainment 1.7 1.6 1.7 Berkley Environmental 7.6 7.3 6.7 Berkley Financial Specialists 0.6 0.6 0.6 Berkley Fire Marine 0.8 0.8 0.9 Berkley Healthcare 1.1 1.2 1.5 Berkley Human Services 0.7 1.4 1.3 Berkley Industrial Comp 0.9 0.8 0.7 Berkley Insurance Asia 0.6 0.7 0.8 Berkley Insurance Australia 1.3 1.4 1.6 Berkley Latinoam rica 3.4 3.3 3.2 Berkley Life Sciences 0.6 0.5 0.5 Berkley Luxury Group 0.8 0.7 0.7 Berkley Management Protection 0.5 0.3 0.2 Berkley Mid-Atlantic Group 0.7 0.7 0.9 Berkley Net Underwriters 1.6 1.9 2.0 Berkley North Pacific 0.7 0.8 0.7 Berkley Offshore Underwriting Managers 1.3 1.4 1.5 Berkley Oil Gas 1.6 1.8 3.0 Berkley One 4.8 3.7 2.6 Berkley Product Protection 0.4 0.4 0.3 Berkley Professional Liability 2.3 2.7 3.8 Berkley Public Entity 0.4 0.6 0.7 Berkley Risk 0.3 0.3 0.3 Berkley Select 1.7 1.8 1.9 Berkley Small Business Solutions 0.6 0.3 0.2 Berkley Southeast 1.9 2.2 2.3 Berkley Southwest 1.1 1.1 1.3 Berkley Specialty Excess 0.8 0.6 0.2 Berkley Specialty London 3.9 4.1 3.9 Berkley Surety 1.0 1.1 1.1 Berkley Technology Underwriters 0.5 0.6 0.6 Carolina Casualty 1.9 2.0 2.2 Continental Western Group 2.9 2.8 2.6 Gemini Transportation 2.5 2.8 3.0 Intrepid Direct 1.4 1.4 1.5 Key Risk 2.2 1.9 2.1 Nautilus Insurance Group 5.1 5.2 4.8 Preferred Employers Insurance 0.7 0.9 1.0 Vela Insurance Services 2.1 2.5 2.7 Verus Specialty Insurance 1.1 1.1 1.0 W R B Europe 1.3 1.2 1.1 Other 2.1 2.3 1.8 Total 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 13 The following table sets forth percentages of gross premiums written, by line, by our Insurance operations: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Other liability 38.6% 39.0% 38.7% Short-tail lines (1) 27.3 26.1 24.7 Auto 12.9 12.9 12.7 Professional liability 11.4 12.0 13.1 Workers' compensation 9.8 10.0 10.8 Total 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% ___________________ (1) Short-tail lines include commercial multi-peril (non-liability), inland marine, accident and health, fidelity and surety, boiler and machinery, high net worth homeowners and other lines. Reinsurance Monoline Excess We provide other insurance companies and self-insureds with assistance in managing their net risk through reinsurance on either a portfolio basis, through treaty reinsurance, or on an individual basis, through facultative reinsurance as well as certain program management businesses. Our monoline excess operations solely retain risk on an excess basis. Our program business offers insurance support for program administrators. Businesses comprising the Reinsurance Monoline Excess segment are as follows: Berkley Integrated Solutions offers specialized solutions to clients through facultative reinsurance, turnkey offerings and program management through the following units: Berkley Re Solutions offers casualty facultative reinsurance products including automatic, semi-automatic and individual risk assumed to clients on a direct basis through a nationwide network of regional offices. It also provides its customers with turnkey products such as cyber, employment practices liability insurance, liquor liability insurance and violent events coverage to help enhance its clients' product offerings, along with underwriting, claims, and actuarial consultation services. Berkley Program Specialists is a program management business offering both admitted and non-admitted insurance support on a nationwide basis for commercial casualty and property program administrators with specialized insurance expertise. Berkley Re America provides treaty and facultative reinsurance solutions on a variety of product lines through reinsurance brokers to companies whose primary operations are within the United States and Canada. Berkley Re Asia Pacific provides property and casualty reinsurance to the Asia Pacific marketplace. With offices in Brisbane, Sydney, Beijing and Singapore, each branch focuses on excess of loss reinsurance, targeting both property and casualty treaty and facultative contracts, through multiple distribution channels. Berkley Re UK writes international property casualty treaty and property faculta