=== SWK_2026-03-06.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under 240.14a-12 Stanley Black Decker, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS Dear Fellow Shareholder: You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. ( Stanley Black Decker or the Company ) to be held at 9:30 a.m. EDT on April 24, 2026, which will be held online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SWK2026 via a virtual Annual Meeting platform that will allow shareholders to participate and submit questions. For further information about how to participate in the Annual Meeting, please see the Participation in the virtual Annual Meeting section of this Proxy Statement. This document includes the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders, a joint letter from the Executive Chair and Lead Independent Director of our Board of Directors and the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement describes the business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting and provides other important information about the Company that you should be aware of when you vote your shares. In our 2026 letter to our shareholders, which is included in our Annual Report, we describe our vision and purpose, strategic initiatives and our financial performance. We are committed to providing our shareholders with long-term value, and we hope that you will find the letter and Annual Report informative. I would like to personally thank you for your continued investment in our Company. We appreciate and encourage your participation. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, your vote is important to us, and we hope that your shares will be represented. PLEASE VOTE BY TELEPHONE OR ON THE INTERNET, OR RETURN A PROPERLY COMPLETED PROXY CARD, AT YOUR EARLIEST CONVENIENCE TO ENSURE YOUR PARTICIPATION AT THE MEETING. Very truly yours, Christopher J. Nelson President Chief Executive Officer March 6, 2026 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Dear Fellow Shareholder: On behalf of Stanley Black Decker s Board of Directors (the Board ), we look forward to welcoming you to our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. In advance of our meeting, and reflecting on our achievements in 2025, we write to share more about the Board s continuing commitment to overseeing the Company with integrity and strong corporate governance practices to generate long-term value for all our shareholders. Oversight of the Company s Strategic Priorities, Risk and Culture As the culmination of a thoughtful and comprehensive succession planning progress, Christopher J. Nelson succeeded Donald Allan, Jr. as the Company s President and CEO, effective October 1, 2025. Chris has articulated a strategy firmly anchored by three strategic imperatives: activating our brands with purpose, driving operational excellence, and accelerating innovation. The Board plays a critical role in overseeing this strategy. In nearly every Board meeting and executive session, we discuss this strategy and the Company s progress in achieving its strategic goals, allowing us to challenge assumptions, oversee capital deployment and offer alternative perspectives based on the insights and collective, varied experience of our directors. The Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews and confirms that the Board and each of its committees maintain the experience and skills needed to adequately oversee the Company, including through review of the results of our annual Board and committee evaluation process. Our Audit Committee works closely with our external auditors, financial management and legal counsel to oversee the Company s financial, product safety, compliance and other risks. The Compensation and Talent Development Committee reviews executive compensation so that the Company can incentivize ethical, accountable leadership that balances short-term results with long-term, sustainable growth and, together with the full Board, regularly engages with senior management regarding a range of human capital management issues. The Finance and Pension Committee works closely with management to be proactive regarding the Company s capital structure to manage short-term liquidity as well as long-term financial resilience. Board Leadership, Composition Succession As part of the Board s succession planning process, the Board implemented a temporary transition in its leadership structure. In connection with the appointment of Mr. Nelson as President and CEO, effective October 1, 2025, Mr. Allan became Executive Chair of the Board and Andrea J. Ayers, then independent Chair, transitioned to serving as Lead Independent Director. Mr. Allan s tenure as Executive Chair was designed to be limited in duration to facilitate a smooth leadership transition by allowing Mr. Allan to continue to serve as a resource to Mr. Nelson, the Board and the Company, and to assist the Company in navigating the current economic and international trade environment. As part of this succession strategy, effective upon the retirement of Mr. Allan on October 1, 2026, the Board elected Debra A. Crew to serve as independent Chair of the Board. Ms. Crew also succeeded Ms. Ayers as Lead Independent Director, effective January 23, 2026. In furtherance of the Board s refreshment process, John L. Garrison, Jr. succeeded Ms. Crew as chair of the Compensation and Talent Development Committee, effective October 2025, and Jane Palmieri succeeded Michael D. Hankin as chair of the Finance and Pension Committee, effective January 2026. As part of our ongoing commitment to providing the appropriate mix of skills, perspectives and experiences on the Board, we welcomed independent directors Mary A. Laschinger and Shane M. O Kelly to the Board in November 2025 and January 2026, respectively. Ms. Laschinger most recently served as Chief Executive Officer and Chair of Veritiv Corporation until her retirement in 2020 and has led global manufacturing and distribution businesses, providing strategic oversight across sales, supply chain, marketing, regulatory affairs and public policy across her 30-year career. Ms. Laschinger s extensive global expertise in complex manufacturing operations and product management, coupled with a proven record of driving sustainable business growth and operational excellence brings a valuable perspective that we believe will be instrumental in shaping Stanley Black Decker s future, helping us achieve our goals of advancing our long-term growth strategy, extending our industry leadership, and delivering sustained value creation for shareholders. Mr. O Kelly, who serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Advance Auto Parts, Inc., brings a wealth of expertise in driving both organic and inorganic growth, with deep experience in supply chain management, logistics, and distribution across both business-to-business and business-to-consumer sectors. The Board believes Mr. O Kelly s exceptional expertise in customer-focused strategy and operational excellence will significantly enhance the strength and effectiveness of our Board and play a pivotal role as the Company drives forward its strategic priorities. In addition, including Ms. Laschinger and Mr. O Kelly, seven of our independent director nominees have a tenure on the Board of 5 years or less. Ms. Ayers will be retiring from the Board effective as of the Annual Meeting after more than eleven years of distinguished service. We would like to thank Ms. Ayers for her exemplary leadership and significant contributions throughout her tenure, particularly during her time as Chair leading the Board through the Company s transformation. We believe that our Board reflects the varied set of experiences, perspectives and skills necessary to position the Company for the future. Actively Engaging with Our Shareholders During 2025, management and members of our Board participated in valuable discussions with shareholders regarding several key matters including Board, CEO and management succession planning, our executive compensation program and the results of our 2025 say on pay vote, the Board s transitional leadership structure, Board composition and skill set, human capital management, risk management and sustainability strategy, among others. The Company invited shareholders representing approximately 68% of its outstanding shares to participate in such discussions. Shareholders representing greater than 50% of outstanding shares either accepted the Company s invitation to have a formal discussion or replied indicating that they were satisfied with recent engagement and an additional meeting was not required. We greatly appreciate the opportunity to hear our shareholders perspectives, which are shared with the rest of the Board and with management and incorporated into our discussions and decision-making, and continue to maintain an open dialogue with our shareholders. Together with our fellow directors, we value your ongoing investment in the Company and thank you for the confidence you have placed in us. Sincerely Donald Allan, Jr. Executive Chair Debra A. Crew Lead Independent Director 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS To the Shareholders: The Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. (the Company ) will be held virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SWK2026 on April 24, 2026, at 9:30 a.m. EDT for the following purposes: 1 To elect the eleven director nominees named in this Proxy Statement; 2 To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers; 3 To approve the Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Award Plan; 4 To approve the Audit Committee s selection of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s registered independent public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026; 5 To consider and vote on a shareholder proposal if properly presented at the Annual Meeting; and 6 To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Shareholders of record at the close of business on February 25, 2026, are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. This Proxy Statement, the Annual Report, and the enclosed proxy card, or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, will first be mailed or made available to our shareholders on March 6, 2026. During the Annual Meeting, shareholders may view the list of shareholders entitled to notice of the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SWK2026. Francesca Campbell Secretary March 6, 2026 Meeting Information DATE: Friday, April 24, 2026 TIME: 9:30 a.m. EDT PLACE: Live webcast at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ SWK2026 RECORD DATE: Close of Business on February 25, 2026 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to Be Held on April 24, 2026: This Proxy Statement, together with the Proxy Card and our Annual Report, are available at www.proxyvote.com. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS iii GENERAL INFORMATION iv 2026 PROXY SUMMARY v OUR 2025 HIGHLIGHTS 1 ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 1 Information Concerning Nominees for Election as Directors 12 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 12 Nomination Process 12 Shareholder Nominations and Recommendations of Candidates 12 Proxy Access 12 Qualifications of Directors and Nominees 14 Director Nominee Tenure and Age and Board Refreshment 15 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 15 Board Leadership Structure 15 Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors 15 Meetings 16 Director Independence 16 Board Committees 18 Executive Sessions of the Board 19 Communicating with the Board 19 Code of Business Ethics 19 Talent Development and Succession Planning 19 Board and Committee Self-Evaluation 19 Retirement Policy 19 Service on Other Public Company Boards Overboarding Policy 19 Director Continuing Education 20 RISK OVERSIGHT 20 Enterprise Risk Management 21 Sustainability Risk Oversight 21 Cybersecurity Risk Oversight 21 RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 21 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 22 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 24 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 24 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 25 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 25 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 26 COMPENSATION AND TALENT DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE REPORT 27 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS 28 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 34 COMPENSATION DESIGN 39 2025 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM 48 COMPENSATION GOVERNANCE 51 2025 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 51 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 53 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS TABLE 55 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2025 FISCAL YEAR-END 58 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED DURING 2025 FISCAL YEAR 59 NON-QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS IN FISCAL YEAR 2025 60 EXECUTIVE OFFICER AGREEMENTS 60 POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL 67 CEO PAY RATIO 68 PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE 74 ITEM 2 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 75 ITEM 3 APPROVAL OF AMENDED AND RESTATED 2024 OMNIBUS AWARD PLAN 83 ITEM 4 APPROVAL OF REGISTERED INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 84 ITEM 5 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL 86 VOTING INFORMATION 92 APPENDIX A INFORMATION CONCERNING AND RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP MEASURES USED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT 102 APPENDIX B THE STANLEY BLACK DECKER AMENDED RESTATED 2024 OMNIBUS AWARD PLAN 2026 PROXY STATEMENT i TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE APRIL 24, 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Proxy Statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any goals, projections or guidance or planning assumptions regarding earnings, EPS, income, revenue, margins, or margin expansion, costs and cost savings/reductions, sales, sales growth, organic growth, profitability, cash flow, debt reduction or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies, investments and objectives of management for future operations, including expectations around the Company s productivity and efficiency goals and operational strategies following completion of the Company s transformation; future market share gain; shareholder returns; any statements concerning innovation initiatives and proposed new products, services or developments and brand prioritization strategies; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements concerning future dividends or share repurchases; any statements relating to initiatives concerning sustainability matters; any statements of belief, plans, intentions or expectations; any statements and assumptions regarding possible tariff and tariff impact projections and related mitigation plans (including price actions, supply chain adjustments and expected timing and benefits related to such plans); any statements concerning the consummation of the Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing (CAM) sale transaction, the Company s ability to maximize value for shareholders through active portfolio management and the impact of the transaction to fund debt reduction and support the Company s capital allocation strategy; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may include, among others, the words may, will, estimate, intend, could, project, plan, continue, believe, expect, anticipate, run-rate, annualized, on-track, forecast, commit, goal, target, design, position or positioning, guidance, aim, looking forward, multi-year or any other similar words, as well as statements regarding our focus for the future. Each of the forward-looking statements we make in this Proxy Statement involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause the Company s actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in its forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, changes in macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates; changes in trade-related regulations and restrictions such as import and export controls and tariffs and the Company s ability to predict the timing and extent of such regulations, restrictions and tariffs (or any court rulings in response thereto), including, but not limited to, trade barriers, tariffs, raw material and rare earth related controls; the Company s ability to successfully assess the impact of, and mitigate or respond to, such macroeconomic or trade and tariff changes (or any court rulings in response thereto) and raw material or rare earth import/export controls, including, obtaining price increases from customers, repositions of supply chain, reprioritizing resources and successful government engagement efforts; changes in customer preferences and demand; changes in technology; the Company s ability to identify and effectively execute productivity improvements and cost reductions, including complexity reduction through platforming products and SKU reduction initiatives, and other manufacturing and administrative reorganization actions; the failure to consummate, or a delay in the consummation of, the CAM sale transaction for various reasons (including but not limited to failure to receive, or delay in receiving, required regulatory approvals and meet customary closing conditions), and failure to realize the expected benefits of the Company s value creation, debt reduction and capital allocation strategy; and those set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, including under the headings Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Proxy Statement. The Company does not undertake any obligation or intention to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of future events or circumstances, new information or otherwise, except as required by law. Any standards of measurement and performance made in reference to our sustainability and social plans and goals are developing and based on assumptions that continue to evolve, and no assurance can be given that any such plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment, expectation or prospect can or will be achieved. The inclusion of any information related to our sustainability and social goals and initiatives is not an indication that such information is material under the standards of the SEC. WEBSITE REFERENCES This Proxy Statement includes several website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites. These websites and materials, including the information on the Company s website, as may be referenced in this Proxy Statement, are provided for convenience only and not, and are not intended to be, part of this Proxy Statement and are not incorporated by reference herein. ii 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT GENERAL INFORMATION This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors (the Board of Directors or the Board ) of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. (the Company, we, us or our ), a Connecticut corporation, to be voted at the 2026 Annual Meeting, and any adjournment or postponement thereof (the Annual Meeting ), to be held on the date, at the time and place, and for the purposes set forth in the foregoing Notice of Annual Meeting (the Notice ). No business may be transacted at the Annual Meeting other than the business specified in the Notice, business properly brought before the Annual Meeting at the direction of the Board of Directors and business properly brought before the Annual Meeting by a shareholder who has properly given notice to the Company s Secretary under our Bylaws. Management does not know of any matters to be presented at the Annual Meeting other than the matters described in this Proxy Statement. If, however, other business is properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the proxy holders named in the accompanying proxy will vote the proxy in their discretion. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT iii TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 2026 PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information regarding voting proposals contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Meeting Information DATE AND TIME Friday, April 24, 2026 9:30 a.m. EDT PLACE Live webcast: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ SWK2026 RECORD DATE: Close of Business on February 25, 2026 Shareholders as of the record date are entitled to vote. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote for each director nominee and one vote for each of the proposals to be voted on. This Proxy Statement, the accompanying Notice of the Annual Meeting and the enclosed proxy card are first being mailed or made available to our shareholders on March 6, 2026. Voting in advance of the meeting OVER THE INTERNET www.proxyvote.com BY TELEPHONE 1-800-690-6903 BY MAIL Complete and return the proxy card or voting instruction form mailed to you. Voting Matters and Vote Recommendation Proposal Board Recommendation For More Details 1 Election of eleven directors FOR EACH NOMINEE see page 1 2 Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers FOR see page 74 3 Approve the Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Award Plan FOR see page 75 4 Approve the Audit Committee s selection of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s registered independent public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 FOR see page 83 5 To consider and vote on a shareholder proposal, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting AGAINST see page 84 6 Transact other business that may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof iv 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT OUR 2025 HIGHLIGHTS WHO WE ARE AND HOW WE OPERATE Stanley Black Decker, Inc., an S P 500 company, was founded in 1843 by Frederick T. Stanley and incorporated in Connecticut in 1852. In March 2010, the Company completed a merger with The Black Decker Corporation, a company founded by S. Duncan Black and Alonzo G. Decker and incorporated in Maryland in 1910. At that time, the Company changed its name from The Stanley Works to Stanley Black Decker, Inc. The Company is a global provider of hand tools, power tools, outdoor products and related accessories, as well as a leading provider of engineered fastening solutions. Stanley Black Decker delivered solid results across our key focus areas in 2025, with continued gross margin expansion and net income growth, strong free cash flow,* a strengthened balance sheet, and strategic investments focused on driving sustainable, profitable growth. In 2025, the Company delivered another year of revenue growth in our DEWALT brand. 2025 Key Financials $15.1B Revenue 30.3% Gross Margin $2.65 EPS $971M Cash from Operating Activities 30.7% Adjusted Gross Margin* $4.67 Adjusted EPS** $688M Free Cash Flow* Stanley Black Decker is guided by the mission to build a world-class branded industrial company, by solving end users most pressing and complex challenges. The strategy to achieve this is anchored by three core imperatives: Activating our brands with purpose is rooted by our brands standing for quality, safety and productivity. The Company is investing resources to continue to deepen connections with end users, with every product, solution and service aligned with their evolving needs. Driving operational excellence is centered on continuous improvement to deliver stronger results, including more effective resource allocation with higher return on investment. The focus on driving annual net productivity will contribute to continued margin expansion and reinvestment into brand health and innovation. Accelerating innovation is required to advance and expand the end-to-end workflow solutions that end users demand. The platforming method that enables faster speed to market and leverages modularity combined with specialization to deliver uncompromised productivity and value. With a strengthened foundation and a more streamlined, focused organization, the Company is positioned to drive performance towards its long-term targets. Long-Term Financial Goals Expect To Reflect In 2028 Financials*** Mid-Single Digit Organic Revenue Growth**** (in a low-single digit market) 35% to 37% Adjusted Gross Margins* Adjusted EBITDA* at Mid-to-High Teens % of Sales Free Cash Flow* ~100% of GAAP Net Income Over a Multi-Year Period Cash Flow Return on Investment ( CFROI )***** Low-to-Mid Teens by 2028; Mid-Teens beyond 2028 Solid Investment Grade Credit Rating In terms of capital allocation, the Company's top priority is funding organic growth investments that drive long-term value. The Company also remains committed, over time, to maintaining a strong and growing dividend and has a preference toward opportunistic share repurchases. In the near-term, the Company intends to utilize the net proceeds from the pending CAM divestiture to reduce debt. * Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix A for an explanation and/or reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP measures used in this Proxy Statement. ** Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix A for an explanation and/or reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP measures used in this Proxy Statement. Adjusted EPS referenced in this context is defined as diluted GAAP EPS, excluding certain gains and charges. *** These goals assume the tariff landscape as of January 2026, low-single digit market growth, and inflation around 2% per year. **** Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix A for an explanation and/or reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP measures used in this Proxy Statement. Organic revenue growth (also referred to as organic sales growth or organic growth) is organic revenue or organic sales divided by prior year sales. Organic revenue or organic sales is defined as the difference between total current and prior year sales less the impact of companies acquired and divested in the past twelve months, foreign currency fluctuations, and transfers of product lines between segments. ***** Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix A for an explanation and/or reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP measures used in this Proxy Statement. CFROI referenced in this context is computed as cash from operations plus after-tax interest expense, divided by the 2-point average of debt and equity (i.e. beginning and end of year). CFROI used as a metric in the Company's long-term incentive award program is further adjusted. Refer to Incentive Measure Definitions for LTIP PSUs on page 43 for further information. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT v TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT OTHER IMPORTANT FINANCIAL METRICS For additional information, refer to the Annual Report that accompanies this Proxy Statement. During 2025, the Company continued to make significant progress against its strategic priorities and delivered the following results: Recorded total revenue of $15.1 billion, down 2% versus prior year; organic revenue* down 1% Full year gross margin rate of 30.3% and adjusted gross margin rate** of 30.7%, and fourth quarter gross margin rate of 33.2% and adjusted gross margin rate** of 33.3% The Company generated cash from operating activities of $971 million and Free Cash Flow** of $688 million in 2025 In December 2025, the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing (CAM) business to Howmet Aerospace for $1.8 billion in cash. Net after tax proceeds are expected to be in the range of $1.525 billion to $1.6 billion, which the Company expects to utilize to reduce debt. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2026 and is subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. * Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix A for an explanation and/or reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP measures used in this Proxy Statement. Organic revenue growth (also referred to as organic sales growth or organic growth) is organic revenue or organic sales divided by prior year sales. Organic revenue or organic sales is defined as the difference between total current and prior year sales less the impact of companies acquired and divested in the past twelve months, foreign currency fluctuations, and transfers of product lines between segments. ** Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix A for an explanation and/or reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP measures used in this Proxy Statement. vi 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT BOARD SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS In evaluating candidates, including existing Board members, the Corporate Governance Committee aims to create a Board comprised of members who are positioned to best serve the needs of the Company and its shareholders. The following reflects certain information with respect to our director nominees named in this Proxy Statement. In addition, of our director nominees, seven identify as men, four identify as women, four identify as veterans, ten identify as white (one of whom also identifies as middle eastern), and one identifies as black. Each candidate is evaluated by the Corporate Governance Committee based on the criteria set forth under Board of Directors on page 12 . 11 TOTAL NOMINEES 9 (82%) INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR NOMINEES Fully Independent Audit, Governance, Compensation and Finance Committees 7 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR NOMINEES WERE ADDED IN PAST 5 YEARS Independent Chair or Lead Independent Director Since 2000 73% OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES HAVE CEO EXPERIENCE TENURE 3.9 YEARS AVERAGE NOMINEE TENURE 60 YEARS AVERAGE NOMINEE AGE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS The Corporate Governance Committee and the Board are committed to managing the Company with integrity and strong corporate governance to generate long-term value for all of our stakeholders. In line with this commitment, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and Bylaws are regularly reviewed and updated to incorporate robust governance practices and regulatory updates, including the following practices: Accountability to Shareholders Robust Board Independence Comprehensive Board Policies and Practices Alignment of Interests with Long-term Shareholders One class of common stock; one vote per share Annual director elections, with majority standard for uncontested elections Director resignation policy Proxy access (3% / 3 years) No shareholder rights ( poison pill ) plan Shareholder right to act by written consent and to amend Bylaws by a majority vote Shareholders representing 25% of voting power may call special meeting Lead Independent Director; Non-Executive Chair, effective October 1, 2026 All directors are independent, other than Executive Chair and CEO Non-management directors must meet at regularly scheduled Board meetings without management Committed to balanced Board refreshment with mixture of short-, medium- and long-tenured directors. Director overboarding policy that prevents directors from serving on more than four other public company boards (or one other public company board for the CEO) Mandatory director retirement at age 75 Annual Board and committee self-assessments Full Board and Committee oversight of sustainability strategies Anti-hedging and anti-pledging policy for directors, officers and employees Robust stock ownership guidelines for directors and executive officers 2026 PROXY STATEMENT vii TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT EFFORTS In 2025, approximately 79% of votes cast were cast in support of our Say on Pay proposal. In light of the result of our 2025 Say on Pay vote, which differed significantly from our prior history, and in order to ascertain the reasons for the decline, we intentionally refocused our 2025 shareholder engagements more directly on our executive compensation program and disclosures than in prior years. We specifically solicited input on our executive compensation program as part of our engagement agenda, welcoming dialogue from those who both supported and did not support our Say on Pay proposal last year. Ms. Ayers, our then Lead Independent Director, and Mr. Garrison, our Compensation and Talent Development Committee Chair, played a central role in these discussions. For more information about our shareholder engagement, see Compensation Discussion Analysis Shareholder Engagement Say on Pay Advisory Vote Outcome on page 31 . Overall, shareholders expressed their understanding of and support for our compensation program and structure and its alignment with the tenets of our compensation philosophy. For investors that voted against Say on Pay last year, we tried to understand why they voted that way and confirm their expectations in order to potentially regain their support. Most of the shareholders who participated in these discussions supported the structure of our compensation programs overall, but a relatively small portion of shareholders mentioned a disconnect between 1-year TSR in 2024 and the Company s total payout under the 2024 Management Incentive Compensation Plan ( MICP ), our annual bonus program. Highlights Offered engagement with shareholders representing ~68% of outstanding shares Shareholders representing greater than 50% of outstanding shares either accepted the Company s invitation to have a formal discussion or replied indicating they were satisfied with recent engagement and an additional meeting was not required Met with top 3 shareholders who voted against the 2025 Say on Pay to solicit their feedback and input on our executive compensation program In addition to our executive compensation program, we also discussed Board, CEO and management succession planning, the Board s transitional leadership structure, Board composition and skill set, human capital management, risk management and sustainability strategy among other topics. We maintain an active and open dialogue with our shareholders and communicate key feedback and questions to the Board and relevant committees, which informs their discussions and decisions. The Board and Company are proud of the Company s track record of being responsive to shareholder feedback as outlined in the table below: Shareholder Feedback Highlights of Board and Company Actions Over the Past Six Years CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Increase accountability and responsiveness to shareholders Eliminate supermajority vote requirements Amended governance documents to: Adopt majority vote standard for uncontested director elections, including a director resignation policy Eliminate supermajority voting requirements Permit shareholder action by written consent Proactively lower the minimum threshold for shareholders to call a special meeting from 35% to 25% Adopt annual elections for all directors Evaluate regular Board refreshment and appropriate composition, skills and expertise 7 of the independent director nominees were first appointed in the last five years Recently added board members bring perspectives critical to the Company s business and industry in areas such as finance and risk management, operations and supply chain, sales and marketing, analytics and digitization, technology and innovation, transformation experience and capital allocation EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Reinforce execution of Global Cost Reduction Program in executive compensation program Increase focus on absolute amount of Free Cash Flow and balance sheet health Increase emphasis on TSR in executive compensation program Added a transformation modifier to the 2023 MICP, based upon achievement against goals under our Global Cost Reduction Program, which was replaced by the adjusted gross margin modifier for the 2024 and 2025 MICP Adopted a Free Cash Flow metric (calculated as operating cash flow less capital and software expenditures) in place of the historical cash flow multiple of net earnings metric The Company added an additional condition for its 2025 and 2026 MICP programs requiring that the Company's TSR be at or above the median of the applicable peer group for executive officers to receive any additional payouts under the 2025 and 2026 MICP's respective modifier viii 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Shareholder Feedback Highlights of Board and Company Actions Over the Past Six Years SUSTAINABILITY Incorporate sustainability strategy within the business model Refined sustainability goals to reflect current business portfolio and to align with the business strategy of a more focused company Board Nominees The following table provides summary information about each of the Company s director nominees (please see Item 1 Election of Directors for more information). Committee Memberships Name Age Director Since Executive Audit Corporate Governance Finance Pension Comp. Talent Dev. Donald Allan, Jr. Executive Chair, Stanley Black Decker, Inc. 61 2022 Christopher J. Nelson President and Chief Executive Officer, Stanley Black Decker, Inc. 56 2025 Susan K. Carter Retired Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ingersoll Rand plc (now Trane Technologies plc) 67 2023 Debra A. Crew Lead Independent Director of Stanley Black Decker, Inc; Former Chief Executive, Diageo plc 55 2013 John L. Garrison, Jr. Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Terex Corporation 65 2024 Michael D. Hankin Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer, Brown Advisory Incorporated 68 2016 Mary A. Laschinger Retired Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board, Veritiv Corporation 65 2025 Robert J. Manning Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, MFS Investment Management 62 2022 Adrian V. Mitchell Chief Financial Officer, Warby Parker Inc. 52 2022 Shane M. O Kelly President and Chief Executive Officer, Advance Auto Parts, Inc. 57 2026 Jane M. Palmieri Former President, Industrial Intermediates Infrastructure, Dow Inc. 56 2021 Committee composition and Committee Chair designations are as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Committee Chairs are indicated by a C and highlighted in yellow. As of the date of this Proxy Statement, Ms. Ayers serves on the Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation and Talent Development Committee ( Compensation Committee ) but will not be standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting. All current directors, other than Mr. Allan and Mr. Nelson, are independent. Effective upon the retirement of Mr. Allan on October 1, 2026, the Board elected Ms. Crew to serve as independent Chair of the Board. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT ix TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Executive Compensation Advisory Vote The Board recommends shareholders vote to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers ( NEOs ) for the reasons discussed in this Proxy Statement, including our commitment to our pay for performance philosophy: Our executive compensation philosophy is to provide performance-based and competitive compensation that rewards executives for actions that create long-term shareholder value and allows us to attract, motivate and retain high-caliber executives. Our pay for performance alignment is strong. A majority of annual and long-term compensation is performance-based, being directly linked to both absolute and relative Company performance against preset goals. Our 2025 compensation program reflects this philosophy, as performance results under the Company s 2025 MICP were below target resulting in bonus payouts ranging from 66.8% to 72.3% of target for named executive officers and our performance results under the 2023 2025 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units ( LTIP PSUs ) resulted in a 19.2% payout as a result of below threshold performance for all metrics in 2023, 2024 and 2025 other than CFROI performance for 2023, which was above target. The Compensation Committee applied no discretion in determining performance and payouts under the 2025 MICP for our named executive officers. We have consistently received strong shareholder support for our named executive officer compensation with a three-year average from 2022 to 2024, inclusive, of approximately 90.9% of Say on Pay votes cast in support of our executive compensation and approximately 79% of votes cast in support in 2025. For more information about our shareholder engagement following our 2025 Say on Pay vote, please see Proxy Summary Shareholder Engagement Efforts on page viii and Compensation Discussion Analysis Shareholder Engagement Say on Pay Advisory Vote Outcome on page 31 . Our compensation programs follow best practices: What We Do What We Don t Do Double trigger vesting provisions requiring a change in control and qualifying termination of employment No tax gross-ups in severance arrangements and change in control agreements Recoupment ( clawback ) policies covering equity and cash compensation, both time- and performance-based, of all Section 16 Officers, including in compliance with Rule 10D-1 and related NYSE listing standards Perquisites and other personal benefits are not a material part of compensation program Robust stock ownership guidelines for directors and executive officers No tax gross-ups on perquisites (other than relocation benefits) Retain independent compensation consultant No repricing or cash buyouts of options without shareholder approval Majority of compensation is at risk and tied to Company performance No dividends paid out on unvested stock awards Awards granted under the Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Award Plan generally require a one-year minimum vesting period No evergreen features in 2024 Omnibus Award Plan or the Amended Restated 2024 Omnibus Award Plan Cap annual cash incentive awards at 200% No hedging or pledging of Company stock Please see Item 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Compensation of Named Executive Officers for more information. Stanley Black Decker Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Award Plan The Board has approved, and recommends the Company s shareholders approve, an Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Award Plan (the A R 2024 Plan ) to replace the Company s existing 2024 Omnibus Award Plan (the 2024 Plan ) in order for the Company to continue attracting, incentivizing and retaining top talent and to continue to offer market competitive compensation opportunities. Please see Item 3 Approval of Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Award Plan for more information, including a summary of the material terms of the A R 2024 Plan. x 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Auditors The Board recommends that the shareholders approve the Audit Committee s selection of Ernst Young as our registered independent public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. Please see Item 4 Approval of Registered Independent Public Accounting Firm for more information, including the amount of fees for services provided by Ernst Young in 2024 and 2025. Shareholder Proposal Requesting an Independent Board Chairman The Board recommends shareholders vote against the proposal requesting an independent board chairman. Please see Item 5 Shareholder Proposal Requesting an Independent Board Chairman for more information. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT xi TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board, based on the recommendation of the Corporate Governance Committee, has nominated the eleven nominees set forth below to the Board of Directors, each of whom will hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor shall have been elected and qualified. Andrea J. Ayers will be completing her tenure as a member of the Board effective as of the Annual Meeting, at which time the size of the Board will be reduced to eleven directors. Ms. Ayers and each of the nominees is currently a director of the Company and was most recently elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting to hold office until the 2026 Annual Meeting or until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, except for Christopher J. Nelson, Mary A. Laschinger and Shane M. O Kelly. Mr. Nelson assumed the role of President and Chief Executive Officer and was appointed to the Company s Board, effective October 1, 2025. Ms. Laschinger and Mr. O Kelly were elected as directors by the Board effective November 1, 2025 and January 23, 2026, respectively. Both Ms. Laschinger and Mr. O Kelly were recommended to the Corporate Governance Committee by an independent third-party search firm. The primary functions served by the search firm included identifying potential candidates who meet the key attributes, experiences and skills described under Board of Directors Qualifications of Directors and Nominees , as well as compiling information regarding each candidate s attributes, experience, skills and independence and conveying the information to the Corporate Governance Committee. Each nominee has consented to serving as a nominee, being named in this Proxy Statement, and serving on the Board until the 2027 Annual Meeting if elected. The Board expects that the eleven nominees will be available to serve as directors. However, if, for any reason, any nominee becomes unwilling or unable to serve as a director at the time of the Annual Meeting, the proxies may be voted, at the discretion of those named as proxies, for a substitute nominee or the Board may reduce its size. Board of Directors Recommendation The Board recommends that you vote FOR each director nominee Information Concerning Nominees for Election as Directors Director Since 2022 (Executive Chair since October 2025) Age 61 Independent No Committees Served Executive Other Public Company Directorships Current Logitech International S.A. (2024 to present) Past (Last 5 Years) None DONALD ALLAN, JR. Executive Chair of the Company Business Experience Stanley Black Decker Executive Chair (October 2025 to present) President Chief Executive Officer (July 2022 to October 2025) President Chief Financial Officer (February 2021 to July 2022) Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2016 to February 2021) Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2010 to 2016) Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2009 to 2010) Vice President Corporate Controller (2002 to 2009) Corporate Controller (2000 to 2002) Assistant Controller (1999 to 2000) Loctite Corporation Mr. Allan held financial management positions of increasing responsibility Ernst Young Mr. Allan held financial management positions of increasing responsibility Expertise Public Company CEO Experience Finance/Accounting/ Capital Allocation Manufacturing/ Logistics/Supply Chain/ Global Operations Risk Management Strategic Transformation As Executive Chair of the Company, Mr. Allan provides the Board with essential experience and expertise gained from his service in several executive roles over his 20+ year tenure at the Company, including intimate knowledge of the daily workings of the business and its simplification strategy. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Since October 2025 Age 56 Independent No Committees Served Executive Other Public Company Directorships Current None Past (Last 5 Years) None Christopher J. Nelson President and Chief Executive Officer Business Experience Stanley Black Decker President and Chief Executive Officer (October 2025 to present) Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and President, Tools Outdoor (June 2023 to October 2025) Carrier Global Corporation, an intelligent climate and energy solutions company President, HVAC (2020 to 2023) President, Commercial HVAC (2018 to 2020) President, North America HVAC (2012 to 2018) United States Army Officer (1992 to 1996) Expertise Public Company CEO Experience Manufacturing/ Logistics/Supply Chain/ Global Operations Sales/Marketing/Brand Management Product Development Digital Innovation/Technology Mr. Nelson is an experienced global leader and his leadership in the Company s streamlining and optimization efforts around its core business and strong portfolio of global brands provides the Board with essential expertise. 2 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Since 2023 Age 67 Independent Yes Committees Served Audit Corporate Governance (Chair) Executive Other Public Company Directorships Current Amcor plc (2021 to present; Chair of Audit Committee) ON Semiconductor Corporation (2020 to present; Chair of Audit Committee) Past (Last 5 Years) Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (2011 to 2021) SUSAN K. CARTER Retired Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ingersoll Rand plc (now Trane Technologies plc) Business Experience Ingersoll Rand plc (now Trane Technologies plc), a diversified, global industrial manufacturer of sustainable and efficient climate solutions for buildings, homes and transportation Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2013 to 2020) KBR, Inc. Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2009 to 2013) Lennox International Inc. Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2004 to 2009) Cummins Inc. Vice President Chief Accounting Officer (2002 to 2004) Expertise Finance/Accounting/ Capital Allocation Manufacturing/Logistics/ Supply Chain/ Global Operations Risk Management Cybersecurity Sustainability and Climate-Related Risk Ms. Carter brings more than 30 years of financial and leadership experience to the Board. Ms. Carter has helped multiple public companies, including Ingersoll Rand plc (now Trane Technologies plc), deliver long-term shareholder value by driving execution and optimizing business and financial performance. Ms. Carter s extensive experience in financial reporting, information technology, accounting, capital management and global operations significantly enhances our Board s oversight of these matters. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Since 2013 (Lead Independent Director since January 2026) Age 55 Independent Yes Committees Served Compensation and Talent Development Executive Finance and Pension Other Public Company Directorships Current None Past (Last 5 Years) Diageo plc (2023 to July 2025) Mondel z International, Inc. (2018 to 2021) Newell Brands Inc. (2018 to 2020) Diageo plc (2019 to 2020) DEBRA A. CREW Former Chief Executive of Diageo plc Business Experience Diageo plc, a global alcoholic beverage company Chief Executive (June 2023 to July 2025) Interim Chief Executive (June 2023) Chief Operating Officer (October 2022 to June 2023) President, North America Global Supply (July 2020 to September 2022) Reynolds American, Inc. President Chief Executive Officer (January 2017 to December 2017) R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. President Chief Operating Officer (October 2015 to December 2016) President Chief Commercial Officer (October 2014 to October 2015) PepsiCo, Inc. Ms. Crew held roles of increasing responsibility including, President, North America Nutrition; President, PepsiCo Americas Beverages; and President, Western Europe Kraft Foods, Nestl S.A. and Mars, Inc. Ms. Crew held roles of increasing responsibility (1997 to 2010) United States Army Captain (1993 to 1997) Expertise Public Company CEO Experience Legal/Regulatory/ Government Affairs Sales/Marketing/ Brand Management Product Development Innovation/ Technology Ms. Crew brings a breadth of marketing, operations and strategy experience to the Board, underscored by her executive roles at Diageo plc, Reynolds American, Inc. and PepsiCo, Inc. Ms. Crew s global perspective and exposure to world class innovation planning processes, combined with proven commercial excellence at leading consumer products companies, provides the Board with critical insights. 4 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Since 2024 Age 65 Independent Yes Committees Served Compensation and Talent Development (Chair) Corporate Governance Executive Other Public Company Directorships Current Flowserve Corp. (2018 to present; Non-Executive Chairman) Past (Last 5 Years) Terex Corporation (2018 to 2024) JOHN L. GARRISON, JR. Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Terex Corporation Business Experience Terex Corporation, a global manufacturer of materials processing machinery and aerial work platforms President and Chief Executive Officer (November 2015 to January 2024) Bell Helicopter, a Textron, Inc. company President and Chief Executive Officer (2009 to 2015) United States Army Airborne Ranger qualified Artillery Officer (1982 to 1992) Expertise Public Company CEO Experience Legal/Regulatory/ Government Affairs Manufacturing/Logistics/ Supply Chain/ Global Operations Product Development Strategic Transformation Mr. Garrison s track record of developing and implementing financial and human capital strategies and transforming processes to drive business outcomes and operational excellence makes him a valuable resource to the Board as the Company intensifies its focus on accelerating organic growth with margin expansion to drive long-term shareholder returns. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Since 2016 Age 68 Independent Yes Committees Served Audit Finance and Pension Other Public Company Directorships Current None Past (Last 5 Years) None MICHAEL D. HANKIN Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Brown Advisory Incorporated Business Experience Brown Advisory Incorporated, an investment management and strategic advisory firm Co-President Co-Chief Executive Officer (2025 to present) President Chief Executive Officer (1998 to 2025) Alex Brown Investment Advisory Trust Company Executive Vice President Chief Operating Officer (1993 to 1998) Piper Marbury (now DLA Piper) Partner, business and tax law Expertise Current Executive Finance/Accounting/ Capital Allocation Legal/Regulatory/ Government Affairs Risk Management Cybersecurity Sustainability and Climate-Related Risk Mr. Hankin s experience building and running a complex global financial company, evidenced by successfully growing Brown Advisory Incorporated from approximately $1.5 billion assets under management to over $170 billion during his tenure, gives the Board a unique perspective on finance, capital allocation, global operations and corporate strategy. His familiarity with financial and investment planning and analysis, his understanding of capital structure and valuation issues and his experience with cybersecurity make him a valuable resource for the Board and management. 6 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Since October 2025 Age 65 Independent Yes Committees Served Compensation and Talent Development Finance and Pension Other Public Company Directorships Current ITT Inc. (May 2025 to present) Past (Last 5 Years) Kellanova, formerly Kellogg Company (2012 to 2025) Dollar Tree Inc (2022 to 2025) Newmont Corporation (2021 to 2024) Veritiv Corporation (2014 to 2020) MARY A. LASCHINGER Retired Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Veritiv Corporation Business Experience Veritiv Corporation, a business-to-business provider of packaging, publishing, and hygiene products Chief Executive Officer and Chair (2014 to 2020) International Paper Senior Vice President (2007 to 2014) President of xpedx distribution business (2010 to 2014) Ms. Laschinger also held roles of increasing responsibility across sales, marketing, manufacturing, and supply chain (1992 to 2007) Expertise Public Company CEO Experience Manufacturing/ Logistics/Supply Chain/Global Operations Sales/Marketing/ Brand Management Risk Management Product Development Innovation/Technology Ms. Laschinger brings extensive global expertise in complex manufacturing operations and product management, coupled with a proven record of driving sustainable business growth and operational excellence. This experience brings a valuable perspective to the Board as it oversees the Company s progress towards meeting its long-term goals, including advancing its growth strategy, extending industry leadership and delivering sustained value creation for shareholders. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Since 2022 Age 62 Independent Yes Committees Served Audit (Chair) Compensation and Talent Development Executive Other Public Company Directorships Current None Past (Last 5 Years) None ROBERT J. MANNING Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MFS Investment Management Business Experience MFS Investment Management, a global investment manager ( MFS ) Chairman (2010 to 2022) Non-Executive Chairman (2021 to 2022) Executive Chairman (2017 to 2021) Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer (2004 to 2017) Co-Chief Executive Officer (2015 to 2017) Mr. Manning joined MFS in 1984 as a Fixed Income Research Analyst and held several positions with increasing responsibility within the firm s Investment division, including Fixed Income Portfolio Manager, Fixed Income Strategist and Director of Fixed Income Research Expertise Finance/Accounting/ Capital Allocation Risk Management Cybersecurity Sustainability and Climate-Related Risk Product Development Mr. Manning s more than three decades of financial services, investment stewardship and leadership experience enables him to provide vital insights to the Board and management related to risk management, capital allocation, financial planning and sustainability. The wealth of experience Mr. Manning has gained throughout his financial career provides the Board with a more thorough understanding of investors perspectives and how to incorporate those perspectives into their oversight of the Company s long-term strategic plan. 8 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Since 2022 Age 52 Independent Yes Committees Served Audit Finance and Pension Other Public Company Directorships Current None Past (Last 5 Years) None ADRIAN V. MITCHELL Chief Financial Officer of Warby Parker Inc. Business Experience Warby Parker Inc., an eyewear products brand and retail company Chief Financial Officer (February 2026 to present) Macy s, Inc., an omni-channel fashion retailer Former Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (March 2023 to June 2025) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (November 2020 to March 2023) Digital BCG and Consumer Practices of Boston Consulting Group, a global consulting firm Managing Director and Partner (July 2017 to October 2020) Arhaus LLC Chief Executive Officer (2016 to 2017) Crate and Barrel Chief Financial Officer (2010 to 2015) Chief Operating Officer (2011 to 2015) Interim Chief Executive Officer (2014 to 2015) Target Corporation Mr. Mitchell held management positions at Target Corporation, including director of strategy and interactive design for target.com and director of innovation and productivity (2007 to 2010) McKinsey Company Mr. Mitchell spent approximately 10 years at McKinsey Company where he co-founded the North American Lean Operations Retail Practice Expertise Current Executive Finance/Accounting/ Capital Allocation Risk Management Digital Innovation/Technology Mr. Mitchell s extensive background in corporate strategy and finance, coupled with his operations experience and expertise in technology, digital, data and advanced analytics make him a critical resource for the Board and management team. Having served in multiple leadership positions at consumer product companies, including Macy s, Arhaus, and Crate and Barrel, Mr. Mitchell provides a unique industry-specific perspective to the Board. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Since January 2026 Age 57 Independent Yes Committees Served Compensation and Talent Development Corporate Governance Other Public Company Directorships Current Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Past (Last 5 years) None Shane M. O Kelly President and Chief Executive Officer, Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Business Experience Advance Auto Parts, Inc., a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider in North America President and Chief Executive Officer (2023 to present) HD Supply, Inc., a national distributor and provider of maintenance, repair and operations ( MRO ) products and a wholly owned subsidiary of The Home Depot, Inc., a leading home improvement retailer Chief Executive Officer (2020 to 2023) Interline Brands, Inc. (now The Home Depot Pro), a leading national distributor and marketer of MRO products Chief Executive Officer (2018 to 2020) PetroChoice Holdings, Inc. Chief Executive Officer (2011 to 2018) United States Army Infantry Officer (1990 to 1997) Expertise Public Company CEO Experience Manufacturing/Logistics/ Supply Chain/ Global Operations Digital Product Development Strategic Transformation Mr. O Kelly s experience in driving organic growth alongside inorganic growth, with high proficiency in go-to-market sales and operations, especially in supply chain, logistics and distribution, make him a valuable resource to the Board and management team. Throughout his career, Mr. O Kelly has cultivated an understanding of the channel and customer/retailer mindset and brings a deep knowledge of consumer products, consumer needs, and effective market strategies to the Board. 10 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Since 2021 Age 56 Independent Yes Committees Served Corporate Governance Executive Finance and Pension (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships Current None Past (Last 5 Years) None JANE M. PALMIERI Former President, Industrial Intermediates Infrastructure of Dow Inc. Business Experience Dow Inc., a materials science corporation Former President, Industrial Intermediates Infrastructure; Asia Pacific oversight (2017 to March 2025) Business President, Dow Building Construction (2013 to 2017) Ms. Palmieri has also held a variety of business roles throughout her career, spanning marketing, sales, new business development and business operations in several Dow businesses, including Dow Automotive, Dow Specialty Chemicals, Dow Coating Solutions, and Dow Solar Expertise Manufacturing/Logistics/ Supply Chain/ Global Operations Sales/Marketing/ Brand Management Sustainability and Climate-Related Risk Product Development Ms. Palmieri s demonstrated record leading global industrial operating segments, in addition to her experience in sales, digital marketing innovation, mergers and acquisitions, and operations, helps the Board oversee the broad array of challenges the Company faces. Ms. Palmieri s engineering background and expertise in product design, with a focus on sustainability and energy efficiency, makes her an important resource for the Board and management team. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board of Directors Nomination Process. All candidates for Board membership are evaluated by the Corporate Governance Committee. In evaluating candidates, including existing Board members, the Corporate Governance Committee considers an individual candidate s personal, educational and professional responsibilities and experiences, the composition of the Board, including diversity with respect to background and skills, and the challenges and needs of the Company so that the Board is comprised of members who are positioned to best serve the needs of the Company and its shareholders. In addition to recommendations from directors, management and shareholders, the Corporate Governance Committee may also consider recommendations from third-party search firms retained to assist in identifying qualified candidates. In general, and in giving due consideration to the composition of the Board at the time a candidate is being considered, the Corporate Governance Committee considers a potential nominee s or director s: integrity and demonstrated high ethical standards; experience with business administration processes and principles and risk management; ability to express opinions, raise difficult questions and make informed, independent judgments; knowledge, experience and skills in one or more specialty areas (such as accounting or finance, legal, regulatory or governmental affairs, human capital management, sustainability and climate-related risks, product development, manufacturing, technology, digitization and cybersecurity, global operations, real estate or corporate strategy, among others); ability to devote sufficient time to prepare for and attend all Board and committee meetings and perform all Board and committee responsibilities; willingness and ability to work with other members of the Board in an open and constructive manner; ability to communicate clearly and persuasively; and diversity with respect to other characteristics, which may include background, personal, education and professional experience and skills. Shareholder Recommendations and Nominations of Candidates. Shareholders who wish to recommend individuals to be considered by the Corporate Governance Committee may do so by writing to us at: Stanley Black Decker, Inc., Attention: Secretary, 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain, Connecticut 06053. All shareholder recommendations for director candidates are evaluated in the same manner as other director candidates. Shareholders wishing to nominate a director should follow the specific procedures and requirements set forth in the Company s Bylaws (which incorporate the requirements of Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act), as discussed below. Proxy Access. The Company s Bylaws permit a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, owning 3% or more of the outstanding common stock of the Company continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company s proxy materials director nominees constituting up to two individuals or 20% of the Board (whichever is greater), provided that the shareholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the procedures and requirements specified in the Company s Bylaws. Qualifications of Directors and Nominees. The Board is committed to maintaining a varied and well-rounded membership, complete with qualifications, skills and experience that support not only the Company s business needs, but that also provide independent and objective oversight of the Company s strategy and business model. Over the years, the Board has developed a deep and varied skill set, with a membership that we believe reflects a comprehensive spectrum of both professional and personal experiences. The Board continues to focus its efforts on identifying candidates that add to, or otherwise complement, the skills and qualifications of its existing members. In addition, the Corporate Governance Committee will take reasonable steps to include diverse candidates with respect to background and personal, educational and professional experience and skills in the context of the needs of the Board in the pool of potential candidates under consideration for future directorships, with the ultimate decision on all Board nominations being based on the contribution that the selected nominees will bring to the Board. The Board assesses its effectiveness in this regard as part of its annual board and director evaluation process. 12 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS The following chart sets forth the primary factors which the Board believes are important to the Company s business and industry and which the Corporate Governance Committee relied on in connection with identifying and recommending nominees for the Annual Meeting to serve as directors. While marked qualifications, skills and experiences indicate strong expertise or experience in the applicable category or categories, it does not necessarily mean the director is an expert in that area, and the absence of a mark does not mean that a particular director does not possess that qualification, skill or experience. Skills and Experience Donald Allan, Jr. Christopher J. Nelson Susan K. Carter Debra A. Crew John L. Garrison Michael D. Hankin Mary A. Laschinger Robert J. Manning Adrian V. Mitchell Shane M. O Kelly Jane M. Palmieri Senior Leadership Experience Current Executive (Including Non-Public Company CEO Experience) Experience provides current insight into the best practices and challenges of leading a complex organization. Public Company CEO Experience (Current and Former) Provides insight into effectively leading a complex organization like ours with transparency and integrity. Business Operations Experience Finance/Accounting/Capital Allocation Enables effective monitoring of the Company s financial reporting and control environment; assessment of its financial performance; and supporting appropriate shareholder returns. Legal/Regulatory/Government Affairs Enhances understanding of the impact and risks of legal and regulatory matters and public policy issues. Manufacturing/Logistics/Supply Chain/Global Operations Enhances the Board s ability to oversee cost-effective, technology-driven manufacturing and logistics processes and facilitates assessment of the Company s complex, international operations. Sales/Marketing/Brand Management Provides insights into the sales and marketing process and increasing the perceived value of our brands in the marketplace. Risk Resilience Management Experience Risk Management Important to the identification, oversight and mitigation of significant risks. Cybersecurity Experience Provides insight to the Board as it oversees the Company s cyber risk management program in an evolving environment. Sustainability and Climate-Related Risk Strengthens the Board s oversight of environmental policies, initiatives and reporting. Strategic Development Experience Product Development Provides insight into ideation, research and development, and commercialization of products and services. Digital Empowers Board s ability to understand and evaluate the Company s efforts in areas such as eCommerce and data and analytics. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Skills and Experience (continued) Donald Allan, Jr. Christopher J. Nelson Susan K. Carter Debra A. Crew John L. Garrison Michael D. Hankin Mary A. Laschinger Robert J. Manning Adrian V. Mitchell Shane M. O Kelly Jane M. Palmieri Innovation/Technology Enhances the Board s ability to appraise our progress in executing the strategy of becoming known as one of the world s leading innovators. Strategic Transformation Informs the Board s oversight of the Company s supply chain improvements and streamlining and simplification initiatives. Tenure 3 1 2 12 1 9 1 3 4 1 5 Director Nominee Tenure and Age and Board Refreshment. The tenure of our director nominees ranges from less than a year to more than 10 years, and the Board believes maintaining varying lengths of service provides a balance between new ideas and longstanding Company knowledge and valuable insight. Our director nominees reflect a wide age range, providing a range of experience and expertise. See Proxy Summary Board Skills and Qualifications on page vii for more information. 14 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Leadership Structure . To evaluate whether the Board s leadership structure remains appropriate for the Company, our Board reviews its leadership structure annually and upon the resignation, removal or election of a new Chair or CEO and at such other times as the Board may deem appropriate. As part of this evaluation, the Board weighs the input received from the Company s shareholders during its regular shareholder outreach in determining whether any changes to its leadership structure, depending on the circumstances of the Company, would be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Effective October 1, 2025, Christopher J. Nelson assumed the role of President and Chief Executive Officer and was appointed to the Company s Board. In connection with this transition and as part of the Board s succession planning process, Donald Allan Jr. became Executive Chair of the Board and Andrea J. Ayers transitioned to Lead Independent Director. Mr. Allan s tenure as Executive Chair was designed to be limited in duration with the goal of facilitating a smooth transition by allowing Mr. Allan to continue to be a resource to Mr. Nelson, the Board and the Company, and assist the Company in navigating the current economic and international trade environment. On January 23, 2026, as part of this succession strategy, the Board elected Debra A. Crew as independent Chair of the Board, effective October 1, 2026, following Mr. Allan s retirement on the same date. Ms. Crew succeeded Ms. Ayers as Lead Independent Director, effective January 23, 2026. The Board believes its current governance structure and the return to an independent Chair, effective October 1, 2026, both continue to promote strong leadership and corporate governance with well-defined governance duties and best serve the needs of the Company and its shareholders in light of the Company s current strategy and executive transition. The Board believes that its programs for overseeing risk, as described under Risk Oversight on page 20 would be effective under a variety of leadership frameworks. Accordingly, the Board s risk oversight function did not significantly impact its selection of the current leadership structure. In accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which require a Lead Independent Director in the event the Chair of the Board is not independent, Debra A. Crew was elected as the Lead Independent Director of the Board effective as of January 23, 2026. The Lead Independent Director s duties and responsibilities focus on promoting strong corporate governance and effective Board oversight. More specifically, the Lead Independent Director s responsibilities, include: Presiding over director meetings at which the Executive Chair is not present, including executive sessions of independent directors; Providing input on the composition of the Board and the membership and leadership of the Board committees to the Corporate Governance Committee; Serving as a liaison between the Executive Chair and the independent directors; Approving the schedule and agenda for each Board meeting and approving information sent to the Board; and Being available for consultation and communication with major shareholders upon request. Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors . Non-employee directors are required to comply with our Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors, which requires the acquisition of shares having a value equal to 500% of the annual retainer within five years of such person becoming a director and the maintenance of such ownership level during their tenure in accordance with the policy. Shares held by directors under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and shares subject to outstanding restricted stock units ( RSUs ) count towards satisfaction of the ownership requirements. A copy of this policy can be found on the Governance Documents section of the Company s website at www.stanleyblackanddecker.com (which appears under the Investors heading and the Governance subheading). For information about the stock ownership guidelines for executive officers, please see Executive Officer Stock Ownership Guidelines beginning on page 48 . Meetings. The Board met 7 times during 2025. The Board s standing committees met the number of times shown below: Committee Number of Meetings Executive (1) 0 Audit 4 Corporate Governance 5 Finance and Pension 4 Compensation and Talent Development 6 (1) Given the regular cadence of Board and committee meetings throughout the year, no meetings of the Executive Committee during 2025 were necessary. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS The members of the Board serve on the committees as described in their biographical material on pages 1 11 (see also the summary chart on page ix ). In 2025, all directors then serving on the Board attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of Board meetings and committees on which the incumbent director served. Although the Company has no formal policy regarding attendance by members of the Board at the Company s Annual Meetings, 9 of the then-serving members attended the 2025 Annual Meeting. Director Independence. The Board has adopted Director Independence Guidelines which are available on the Governance Documents section of the Company s website at www.stanleyblackanddecker.com (which appears under the Investors heading and the Governance subheading). The Board has made the determination that all current directors and director nominees standing for election, except Mr. Allan and Mr. Nelson, are independent according to the Director Independence Guidelines, the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, and the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) listing standards, (including the additional, heightened independence criteria applicable to Audit and Compensation Committee members). In addition, the Board determined that former director Ms. Poul was independent during the period she served on the Board during 2025. When assessing director independence, the Board considers the various transactions and relationships known to the Board (including those identified through annual director questionnaires) that exist between the Company and the entities with which our directors or members of their immediate families have relationships. In connection with making its independence determinations, the Corporate Governance Committee evaluated certain commercial transactions that arose in the ordinary course of business and at arms-length between the Company and On Semiconductor Corporation, where Susan K. Carter serves as a director, and determined that these transactions did not constitute related party transactions under applicable rules and regulations of the SEC or NYSE. It is the policy of the Board that every member of the Audit, Corporate Governance, Compensation, and Finance and Pension Committees should be an independent director. Board Committees . Our Board administers its strategic planning and risk oversight function directly and through its Board committees. The following outlines the responsibilities and areas of oversight of our Board committees as well as key actions taken during 2025. The number of times each committee met during 2025 and the composition of the committees as of the date of this Proxy Statement are also detailed below. The charters of each of these committees and the Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on the Governance Documents section of the Company s website at www.stanleyblackanddecker.com (which appears under the Investors heading and the Governance subheading) or upon written request to Stanley Black Decker, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain, Connecticut 06053. Changes to any committee charter, the Director Independence Standards or the Corporate Governance Guidelines will be reflected on the Company s website. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE INDEPENDENT 71% Committee Chair Donald Allan, Jr. Members Susan K. Carter Debra A. Crew John L. Garrison, Jr. Robert J. Manning Christopher J. Nelson Jane Palmieri Given the regular cadence of Board and committee meetings throughout the year, no meetings of the Executive Committee during 2025 were necessary. The duties and responsibilities of the Executive Committee are set forth in its charter and include exercising the delegated powers of the Board during intervals between meetings of the Board to the extent permitted by law. AUDIT COMMITTEE INDEPENDENT 100% Committee Chair Robert J. Manning $* Members Susan K. Carter $* Michael D. Hankin $* Adrian V. Mitchell $* Number of Meetings in 2025 4 $ Financial Expert * Financially Literate The duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee are set forth in its charter and include assisting the Board in monitoring (1) the integrity of the financial statements, accounting and financial reporting processes and systems of internal accounting and financial controls of the Company, (2) the qualifications and independence of the Company s independent auditor, (3) the performance of the Company s internal audit function and independent auditor, (4) the evaluation of the Company s risk and policies for risk management and assessment and (5) the compliance by the Company with legal and regulatory requirements. Key Activities in 2025 reviewed and discussed with management and the Company's independent auditor the Company's annual and quarterly financial statements prior to the filing of the relevant periodic report; 16 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS monitored the integrity of our financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, our internal controls over financial reporting, and the performance of our internal audit function and Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; selected, approved the compensation of, and oversaw the work of Ernst Young and evaluated lead partner; reviewed the scope of the audit with Ernst Young and the internal auditing department; reviewed and approved in advance audit and non-audit services; reviewed with Ernst Young and the Company s internal auditors their activities and recommendations, including their recommendations regarding internal controls and critical accounting policies; reviewed with management the Company s earnings press releases, including the use of non-GAAP financial information and key performance indicators; and oversaw the Company s compliance and risk oversight function. The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee meet the requirements for being an Audit Committee Financial Expert as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K and are financially literate under the current NYSE listing standards. Ernst Young is the Company s independent auditing firm. The Audit Committee reviewed its relationship with Ernst Young, considered Ernst Young s independence, including whether there exist any potential conflicts of interest, and determined that the continued engagement of Ernst Young did not raise any conflict of interest or other concerns that would adversely impact Ernst Young s independence. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE INDEPENDENT 100% Committee Chair Susan K. Carter Members Andrea J. Ayers John L. Garrison, Jr. Shane M. O Kelly Jane M. Palmieri Number of Meetings in 2025 5 The duties and responsibilities of the Corporate Governance Committee are set forth in its charter and include evaluating candidates and making recommendations to the Board as to Board membership. Key Activities in 2025 reviewed individuals qualified to become Board members, including through evaluating input from shareholders and third-party search firms, concerning potential candidates, and recommended the appointment of Mary A. Laschinger and Shane M. O Kelly; reviewed Board committee membership and committee chairs and recommended the appointments of John L. Garrison as chair of the Compensation Committee and Jane Palmeri as chair of the Finance and Pension Committee; reviewed non-employee director compensation and recommended the compensation changes described below under the heading Director Compensation ; reviewed and recommended that the Board approve new versions of the Corporate Governance Committee s charter and the Corporate Governance Guidelines; oversaw the annual evaluations of Board and committee performance; reviewed shareholder proposal and Company response; reviewed the Company s policies, objectives and practices with respect to the Company s sustainability strategy, except to the extent specifically allocated to another committee of the Board; and oversaw the Company s political contributions and lobbying. The procedures and processes followed by the Corporate Governance Committee in connection with the consideration and determination of non-employee director compensation are described below under the heading Director Compensation . COMPENSATION AND TALENT DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE INDEPENDENT 100% Committee Chair John L. Garrison, Jr. Members Andrea J. Ayers Debra A. Crew Mary A. Laschinger Robert J. Manning Shane M. O Kelly Number of Meetings in 2025 6 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS The duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are set forth in its charter and include overall responsibility for evaluating and approving or making recommendations to the Board regarding the Company s executive compensation plans, policies and programs. Key Activities in 2025 reviewed the operation and structure of compensation programs; provided strategic oversight of the Company s talent development process and succession planning for the CEO and other senior executives, including the Company s CEO transition, the expansion of Patrick D. Hallinan s role to Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Chief Administrative Officer, and the appointments of William D. Beck as Senior Vice President President, Tools Outdoor, and Agustin Lopez Diaz, as Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer; reviewed and made recommendations to the Board regarding the corporate goals and objectives relevant to CEO compensation, the evaluation of the CEO s performance and the CEO s compensation level; reviewed and made recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation of the Executive Chair; reviewed and approved the annual compensation of other senior executives, including incentive awards and opportunities; oversaw and monitored compliance with the Company s clawback policies; reviewed the shareholder engagement process, results, talent management matters, and feedback received with respect to executive compensation, including with respect to the 2025 Say on Pay result; oversaw executive officer compliance with applicable stock ownership guidelines; reviewed executive perquisites and monitored personal use of corporate aircraft; and oversaw the Company s strategies and policies related to human capital management, including with respect to matters such as talent recruitment, development, and retention, and employee engagement and effectiveness. The procedures and processes followed by the Compensation Committee in connection with the consideration and determination of executive compensation are described on page 27 under the heading Compensation Discussion Analysis . The Compensation Committee may form and delegate its authority to subcommittees when appropriate. The Compensation Committee has also delegated authority to the Company s CEO to make annual grants and occasional off-cycle grants to employees who are not Section 16 officers of the Company and to cancel, modify, waive rights with respect to, alter, discontinue, suspend or terminate such awards. No members of management or employees participated in executive sessions relating to compensation arrangements for our CEO. FINANCE AND PENSION COMMITTEE INDEPENDENT 100% Committee Chair Jane M. Palmieri Members Debra A. Crew Michael D. Hankin Mary A. Laschinger Adrian V. Mitchell Number of Meetings in 2025 4 The duties and responsibilities of the Finance and Pension Committee are set forth in its charter and include advising in major areas concerning the finances of the Company. Key Activities in 2025 reviewed the financial condition of the Company; oversaw management s administration of retirement plans; reviewed and recommended that the Board declare the Company s quarterly dividend; advised and assisted in matters such as short-term investments, credit liabilities, financings, interest rate hedges, swaps and other similar transactions; and reviewed the Company s enterprise risk management process. Executive Sessions of the Board . The non-management directors must meet at regularly scheduled Board meetings without management. 18 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Communicating with the Board . Shareholders or others wishing to communicate with the Executive Chair, the Lead Independent Director, the Board generally, or any specific member of the Board may do so by mail addressed to Stanley Black Decker, Inc., Attention: Secretary, 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain, Connecticut 06053. The Company s Secretary reviews and promptly forwards communications to the directors as appropriate. Communication involving substantive accounting or auditing matters are forwarded to the Audit Committee Chair. Certain items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board will not be forwarded, such as: business solicitation or advertisements; product or service-related inquiries; junk mail or mass mailings; resumes or other job-related inquiries; spam; and overly hostile, threatening, potentially illegal or similarly unsuitable communications. Code of Business Ethics . The Company has adopted a Code of Business Ethics applicable to all of its directors, officers and employees worldwide and a Supplemental Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers. Copies of these documents are available on the Governance Documents section of the Company s website at www.stanleyblackanddecker.com (which appears under the Investors heading and the Governance subheading). Copies are also available upon written request addressed to Stanley Black Decker, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain, Connecticut 06053. The Company intends to post on its website required information regarding amendments to, or waivers from, these Codes within four business days after such amendment or waiver. Talent Development and Succession Planning . Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee provides strategic oversight of talent strategy and direction as the Company seeks, develops and retains the right talent for the Company s needs. The Compensation Committee works with senior management on developing and cultivating succession planning for the Company s executive officers. In addition, taking into account the recommendations of the Compensation Committee, the full Board is responsible for CEO succession planning. The CEO is also involved in the succession planning process, including through making recommendations and reviewing development plans of individuals. Board and Committee Self-Evaluation . Each committee and the Board undertake a rigorous annual self-evaluation process to analyze whether each of our Board members is contributing to a highly engaged and inclusive Board. This process uses various methodologies that include written questionnaires and interviews, as appropriate. Topics addressed in the self-evaluation process include strategic oversight, board structure and operation, performance of all committees on which the director served during the fiscal year, performance of the Board as a whole, areas for improvement, interactions with and accessibility of management, time allocation and quality of materials. Directors also provide input on key focus areas for the Board in the upcoming fiscal year. The Corporate Governance Committee reviews the feedback received and annually provides the Board and its committees with an assessment of their performance. Based on the feedback received in the evaluation process, the Board and each of the committees develop areas of focus that they believe would benefit from additional attention and potential changes. In addition, the Board continually considers feedback from evaluations as part of the Board refreshment process. Retirement Policy . Under the terms of the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, unless otherwise authorized by the Board, the retirement of a director should ordinarily occur at the end of the term in which he or she becomes 75 years old. Service on Other Public Company Boards Overboarding Policy . Under the terms of the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, directors shall advise the Chair of the Board and the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee in advance of accepting an invitation to serve on another public company board or to serve as a board or committee chair for another public company board. Unless approved by the Board, a director may not simultaneously serve on more than four other public company boards. If the director is a named executive officer at another public company, the director may not simultaneously serve on any other public company boards except that other public company and the Company. The CEO may not serve on more than one other board of a public company in addition to the Company s Board. Members of the Audit Committee may not serve on the audit committees of more than two other public companies. All of the Company s directors are currently in compliance with this policy. The Company recognizes the substantial time commitments attendant to Board membership and expects that directors be fully committed to devoting all such time as is necessary to fulfill their Board responsibilities, including preparation for and attendance and participation at meetings. In light of this, as part of the annual director nomination process, the Corporate Governance Committee considers a director s ability to devote sufficient time to prepare for and attend all Board and committee meetings and perform all Board and committee responsibilities. We also review the overboarding policies of our institutional investors on an ongoing basis, including with the Corporate Governance Committee, as appropriate, and discuss such policies during investor engagements. Director Continuing Education . Pursuant to the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Company regularly provides directors with continuing education on a variety of topics by outside speakers and management. In 2025, subjects covered with Board members included, among other topics, shareholder activism, investor sentiments, regulatory developments, corporate governance, cybersecurity and artificial intelligence. In addition, the Company provides its directors with a subscription to Agenda , a weekly corporate publication that focuses on governance issues of interest to directors of public companies. The Corporate Governance Committee encourages directors to periodically attend outside workshops and seminars regarding corporate governance and other topics. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Risk Oversight As required by our Corporate Governance Guidelines, during the orientation process for new directors, each director receives a presentation from the Company s senior management that describes the Company s risk management policies and procedures. Board of Directors The full Board is responsible for reviewing the Company s risk management program and its efforts to mitigate risks to the Company on at least an annual basis. This review is both informed by and informs the Board s oversight of the execution of the Company s overall strategy. Additionally, the Board has delegated specific risk oversight responsibilities to committees based on the expertise of those committees, which are set forth in the committee Charters. Audit Committee Corporate Governance Committee Compensation Committee Finance and Pension Committee Oversees risks relating to the Company s accounting and financial reporting, financial statements and internal controls Internal audit program Risk management policies Legal, regulatory and ethics compliance and disclosure control procedures Related party transactions Oversees risks relating to the Company s Corporate Governance policies and practices, including Corporate Governance Guidelines and guidelines on charitable contributions Director compensation Board succession and effectiveness Board and Committee composition and structure Sustainability strategy, except to the extent specifically allocated to another Committee Oversees risks relating to the Company s Compensation programs and practices Human capital management programs and strategies, including succession planning, recruitment, development, retention, and employee engagement and effectiveness Clawback policies Oversees risks relating to the Company s Enterprise risk management program Financial condition with a focus on capital structure and liquidity Retirement plans and policies Capital structure changes (both debt and equity) The Board is committed to having individuals experienced in risk management on the Audit Committee and the Finance and Pension Committee, as well as on the full Board. Enterprise Risk Management The Company s Vice President and Treasurer (the Treasurer ) leads the Company s risk management framework and regularly reports to the Finance and Pension Committee on risk management topics. The Treasurer reports directly to the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Chief Administrative Officer. The enterprise risks are generally organized into broad categories, including, but not limited to, business resiliency, compliance and technology, including cybersecurity and artificial intelligence. Risks identified through our risk management processes are prioritized and, depending on the probability and severity of the risk as well as the immediacy of the risk assessed, escalated as appropriate. Senior management discusses these risks regularly with the risk owners within the businesses or at the corporate level. Risk leaders within the businesses and corporate functions are responsible for identifying key risks and presenting risk assessments to senior management and, when appropriate, to the full Board or the relevant Board committee. 20 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability Risk Oversight Sustainability is an area of Board focus. Except to the extent specifically allocated to another committee of the Board, the Corporate Governance Committee oversees the Company s policies, objectives and practices regarding the Company s sustainability strategy, reporting and public communications, and the full Board reviews the incorporation of sustainability goals and metrics into our long-term corporate strategy. The Compensation Committee oversees the Company s strategies and policies related to human capital management, including with respect to matters such as succession planning, talent recruitment, development, and retention, and employee engagement and effectiveness. The full Board also regularly reviews our human capital management strategy, focusing on areas such as culture and talent acquisition, retention and development. The Company s business strategy is designed to drive long-term value for its stakeholders by creating a simplified and focused organization, investing in core growth and innovation to be a market leader, and delivering for its customers, end users and shareholders. The Company has accordingly focused its sustainability efforts to better align with this business strategy. The Company s sustainability approach is comprised of three impact pillars People, Product, and Planet which guide the Company s focus and initiatives for sustainable performance. The Company s most recent Impact Report provides an overview of the Company s priority impact goals and progress. To learn more about our sustainability strategy and sustainability efforts, please visit our website and view our most recent Impact Report at www.stanleyblackanddecker.com. As explained in our most recent Impact Report, our goals make a number of assumptions and measurements of progress against such goals are based on certain methodologies and there are no assurances that those assumptions or methodologies will be correct or that such goals will be achieved or retained . Cybersecurity Risk Oversight The Board has the primary responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity matters. The Audit Committee also monitors cybersecurity risk as part of its oversight of financial risk exposures. The Board regularly reviews compliance and disclosure control procedures for cybersecurity matters. The Board and Audit Committee also receive regular briefings (at least annually) from members of management responsible for cybersecurity and digital risk management for the Company, including the Vice President and Chief Information Officer (the CIO ), Chief Information Security Officer (the CISO ) and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (the General Counsel ), as well as third-party cybersecurity advisors, on the Company s cybersecurity program, including data protection and cybersecurity risks and the Company s new and existing cyber risk controls intended to mitigate them, as appropriate. The Company has protocols and procedures by which certain cybersecurity incidents are escalated within the Company and, where appropriate, reported promptly to the Audit Committee and the full Board. Additional information on our cybersecurity risk management program can be found in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K at www.stanleyblackanddecker.com. Related Person Transactions Pursuant to the Company s Code of Business Ethics, employees, officers and directors are required to bring any potential conflict of interest to the attention of the General Counsel. The Board has also approved a written Related Party Transactions Policy under which any proposed related party transaction involving directors, officers, nominees for directors or a 5% shareholder of the Company, or an otherwise related person as that term is defined in Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, shall be brought to the attention of the Company and reviewed by the General Counsel. The General Counsel obtains the relevant facts and circumstances to determine whether a conflict or potential conflict exists and determines whether the transaction or relationship constitutes a related party transaction or should otherwise be reviewed by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is responsible for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions and may, in its discretion, approve, ratify or take other action with respect to such transactions. Since the beginning of the Company s 2025 fiscal year, there have been no related party transactions requiring disclosure in this Proxy Statement. Human Capital Management The CEO and the management Executive Committee are entrusted with developing and advancing the Company s human capital strategy which is reviewed annually with periodic updates on progress with the Compensation Committee and the entire Board. The Chief Human Resources Officer ( CHRO ), who reports directly to the CEO, is charged with the development and stewardship of this strategy on an enterprise-wide basis. This incorporates a broad range of dimensions, including culture, values, labor and employee relations, leadership expectations and capabilities, talent development, performance management, and total rewards. Each year, the Company conducts an extensive talent review with its CEO where the leadership team, key talent, and succession plans are reviewed. Afterward, the CEO or CHRO leads a talent review with the Compensation Committee, which provides strategic oversight and direction regarding the talent development process, as well as with the entire membership of the Board, at least annually. Additional information regarding the Company s Human Capital programs and initiatives can be found in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our most recent Impact Report at www.stanleyblackanddecker.com. As explained in our most recent Impact Report, our goals make a number of assumptions and measurements of progress against such goals are based on certain methodologies and there are no assurances that those assumptions or methodologies will be correct or that such goals will be achieved or retained . 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation The Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for recommending the compensation program for our non-employee directors to the Board for approval. Based on a periodic review of our director compensation against market data, the Corporate Governance Committee considers whether any changes in the amount or manner in which the Company compensates its non-employee directors is appropriate and provides its recommendation to the full Board. Under the Company s 2024 Plan, the maximum total compensation payable to any non-employee director is $750,000 per year. As described in Item 3 Approval of the Amended Restated Omnibus Award Plan , the proposed A R 2024 Plan maintains this limit. During 2025, the Corporate Governance Committee directed Pay Governance LLC ( Pay Governance ) to conduct an analysis of director compensation. Pay Governance made the following recommendations, which were approved by the Board, but determined that non-employee director compensation was otherwise aligned with the median for the Company s Compensation Peer Group (as defined on page 35 ). setting the fee for the Lead Independent Director to be a quarterly fully vested RSU grant of $11,250 ($45,000 in the aggregate) in connection with the appointment of a Lead Independent Director; increasing the annual grant date fair value of the fully vested RSUs by $15,000; and increasing the annual fee of the chair of the Compensation Committee by $5,000. During 2025, the annual compensation paid by the Company to its non-employee directors consisted of: Annual Cash Retainer $125,000 Annual RSU Grant (Fully Vested)* $200,000 Quarterly RSU Grants (Fully Vested) for Chair of the Board (effective December 29, 2024 through September 30, 2025)** $ 50,000 Quarterly RSU Grants (Fully Vested) for Lead Independent Director of the Board (effective October 1, 2025 through January 3, 2026)** $ 11,250 Committee Chair Cash Retainers: Audit Committee Chair $ 25,000 Compensation Committee Chair*** $ 25,000 Corporate Governance Committee Chair $ 20,000 Finance and Pension Committee Chair $ 15,000 * The grant date fair value for the annual RSU grant was increased to $200,000 from $185,000, effective April 25, 2025. ** Ms. Ayers quarterly RSU grants for 2025 were prorated to reflect her service as Chair of the Board until she was appointed Lead Independent Director, effective October 1, 2025. *** The annual cash retainer for the Compensation Committee Chair increased to $25,000 from $20,000 effective April 25, 2025. Non-employee directors may defer any or all of their cash retainer fees in the form of units tied to the value of Company common stock or cash accruing interest at the five-year Treasury bill rate under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. RSUs granted to non-employee directors may be deferred under the Restricted Stock Unit Deferral Plan, which provides for deferred settlement of RSUs on or about the 90th day following the non-employee director s separation from service (either in a lump sum on such date or in specified annual installments). In addition, any dividends that accrue in respect of deferred RSU awards will be reinvested in shares of Company common stock and paid out if and when the underlying award is settled. 22 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation Table The compensation paid to each of the Company s non-employee directors during 2025 is set forth in the table below. Mr. O'Kelly is not included below as his appointment to the Board was not effective until January 23, 2026. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Andrea J. Ayers 287,436 362,519 649,955 Susan K. Carter 145,000 200,011 10,000 355,011 Debra A. Crew 144,477 200,011 10,000 354,488 John L. Garrison, Jr. 129,273 200,011 329,284 Michael D. Hankin 140,000 200,011 10,000 350,011 Mary A. Laschinger 20,408 20,408 Robert J. Manning 150,000 200,011 350,011 Adrian V. Mitchell 125,000 200,011 325,011 Jane M. Palmieri 93,875 200,011 293,886 Mojdeh Poul 40,278 40,278 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash The amounts shown in this column include cash amounts that have been deferred pursuant to the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. Six of the directors deferred their fees in the form of Company common stock, as listed below. The grant date fair value associated with shares deposited to the following directors deferred compensation accounts during 2025 pursuant to their deferral elections, determined in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Codification Topic 718 Stock Compensation, is set forth in this column: Ms. Ayers, Ms. Carter, Ms. Crew, Mr. Garrison, Mr. Hankin, and Mr. Mitchell. The amounts shown reflect prorated fees according to effective date of election, appointment or retirement for Ms. Poul who retired at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and Ms. Laschinger, who joined the Board, effective November 1, 2025. The amounts shown also reflect prorated committee chair fees for Mr. Garrison and Ms. Crew reflecting Mr. Garrison s succession to chair of the Compensation Committee, effective October 29, 2025, and Ms. Palmieri who succeeded Mr. Hankin as chair of the Finance Pension Committee, effective January 1, 2026. Stock Awards The amounts set forth in this column reflect the grant date fair value of 3,238 RSUs, with dividend equivalent rights, which were granted to each independent director, other than Mses. Laschinger and Poul, on April 25, 2025, on the day of our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. In the case of Ms. Ayers, the figure also includes (i) three quarterly RSU grants of $50,000 each for her service as Chair during the first three quarters of 2025 and (ii) one quarterly RSU grant for the fourth quarter of 2025 with a grant date fair value of approximately $12,436, which is prorated to reflect her appointment as Lead Independent Director, effective October 1, 2025. These RSUs are fully vested at the time of grant and entitle each recipient to Company common stock plus accrued dividends from the date of grant at the time of settlement. The settlement date for RSUs that are not deferred is shortly after grant. The settlement date for deferred RSUs is the date specified by the director as the date, or dates, on which distributions are to be made following the date on which the director ceases to be a director of the Company. Distributions of deferred RSUs may be made in a single lump sum in the first year following the termination of the director s service or in up to 10 equal annual installments, at the election of the director pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Deferral Plan. The aggregate grant date fair value associated with the 2025 equity awards determined in accordance with FASB Codification Topic 718 Stock Compensation was approximately $1,762,598. Name Outstanding RSUs (#) Accrued Dividend Equivalents on Outstanding RSUs ($) Andrea J. Ayers 19,379 123,526 Susan K. Carter 5,378 21,021 Debra A. Crew 11,009 98,287 John L. Garrison, Jr. 3,238 2,781 Michael D. Hankin 11,009 98,237 Mary A. Laschinger Robert J. Manning Adrian V. Mitchell 8,818 57,764 Jane M. Palmieri 9,584 70,372 Mojdeh Poul 5,712 60,997 All Other Compensation The amounts set forth in this column reflect the Company matching contributions under its Matching Gift Program that were distributed in 2025. The Company s Matching Gift Program applies to all employees, retirees and directors of the Company and provides for a Company match on up to $10,000 of total gifts made by a participant to qualified charitable organizations each year. The match amount is reported in the proxy statement in the year in which the Company actually disburses the funds, so the Company match reflected in the proxy statement may exceed $10,000 in a particular fiscal year. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners No person or group, to the knowledge of the Company, owned beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding common stock of the Company, $2.50 par value, as of February 25, 2026, except as shown in this table. Name and address of beneficial owner Amount and nature of beneficial ownership Percent of class The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 18,706,025 (0 sole voting power; 190,292 shared voting power; 18,034,048 sole dispositive power; 671,977 shared dispositive power) 12.0% Capital Research Group Investors 333 South Hope Street, 55th Fl, Los Angeles, CA 90071 11,533,527 (11,533,527 sole voting power; 0 shared voting power; 11,533,527 sole dispositive power; 0 shared dispositive power) 7.4% T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. 100 E. Pratt Street Baltimore, MD 21202 9,801,301 (9,120,449 sole voting power; 0 shared voting power; 9,796,421 sole dispositive power; 0 shared dispositive power) 6.3% BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 9,772,953 (9,153,751 sole voting power; 0 shared voting power; 9,772,953 sole dispositive power; 0 shared dispositive power) 6.3% State Street Corporation 1 Congress Street, Suite 1 Boston, MA 02114-2016 8,595,369 (0 sole voting power; 5,961,909 shared voting power; 0 sole dispositive power; 8,584,877 shared dispositive power) 5.5% * The information in the foregoing table is drawn from the Schedule 13G report filed with the SEC by Capital Research Group Investors, Inc. on May 13, 2025 and Schedule 13G/A reports filed with the SEC by The Vanguard Group, T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., BlackRock, Inc. and State Street Corporation on February 13, 2024, November 14, 2025,October 17, 2025 and January 29, 2024, respectively. Security Ownership of Directors and Officers Except as reflected in the table below, no director, nominee, or named executive officer owns more than 1% of the outstanding common stock of the Company. As of February 25, 2026, the current executive officers, nominees, and directors as a group owned beneficially less than 1% of the Company s outstanding common stock. The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership as of February 25, 2026, with respect to the shareholdings of the director