=== SWK_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding various laws and regulations that affect the Company's business operations. The Company is also subject to various environmental laws and regulations in the U.S. and foreign countries where it has operations. In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings relating to environmental issues. The Company s policy is to accrue environmental investigatory and remediation costs for identified sites when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. In the event that no amount in the range of probable loss is considered most likely, the minimum loss in the range is accrued. The amount of liability recorded is based on an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to each individual site and includes such factors as existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites. The liabilities recorded do not take into account any claims for recoveries from insurance or third parties. As assessments and remediation progress at individual sites, the amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. As of January 3, 2026 and December 28, 2024, the Company had reserves of $259.2 million and $275.4 million, respectively, for remediation activities associated with Company-owned properties, as well as for Superfund sites, for losses that are probable and estimable. Of the 2025 amount, $69.5 million is classified as current within Accrued expenses and $189.7 million as long-term within Other liabilities, which is expected to be paid over the estimated remediation period. As of January 3, 2026, the Company has recorded $15.6 million in Other assets related to funding by the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") and monies received have been placed in trust in accordance with the Consent Decree associated with the West Coast Loading Corporation ("WCLC") proceedings, as further discussed in Note R, Contingencies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 . Accordingly, the Company's net cash obligation as of January 3, 2026 associated with the aforementioned remediation activities is $243.6 million. As of January 3, 2026, the range of environmental remediation costs that is reasonably possible is $179.1 million to $395.7 million, which is subject to change in the near term. The Company may be liable for environmental remediation of sites it no longer owns. Liabilities have been recorded on those sites in accordance with the Company's policy. The amount recorded for identified contingent liabilities is based on estimates. Amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. Actual costs to be incurred in future periods may vary from the estimates, given the inherent uncertainties in evaluating certain exposures. Subject to the imprecision in estimating future contingent liability costs, the Company does not expect that any sum it may have to pay in connection with these matters in excess of the amounts recorded will have a materially adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. Additional information regarding environmental matters is available in Note R, Contingencies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 . Compliance with government regulations, including environmental and climate change regulations, has not had, and based on current information and the applicable laws and regulations currently in effect, is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. However, laws and regulations may be changed, accelerated or adopted that impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company and which could negatively impact its operating results and financial condition. 6 Human Capital Management To achieve its mission of building a world-class branded industrial company and solving end users' most pressing and complex challenges, the Company continues its focus on human capital management to grow as an employer of choice with leading market positions in each of its major categories. The Company s human capital management approach is guided by its purpose (why we do what we do), values (intrinsically what we prioritize), leadership capabilities (how we lead to drive growth), core imperatives (what we focus on), operating model (how we work), and key performance indicators (how we measure success). The focus areas that will guide this journey forward include a strong foundation of attracting, developing and retaining talent, building organizational capabilities, evolving the Company's culture in line with the business strategy and values and enabling Human Resources functional excellence. To drive this focus and build a workforce that can execute its strategy, the Company prioritizes attracting, developing, and retaining top talent across the Company, so that it can serve its customers and end users with best-in-class brands and innovation. To achieve this, the Company is committed to cultivating an environment where employees feel connected to its mission and to one another. In addition, the Company has developed a new Stanley Black Decker Leader Profile, which lays out a distinct set of capabilities and behaviors meant not only for executives but all employees. As of January 3, 2026, the Company had approximately 43,500 employees in 59 countries. Approximately 35% of total employees were employed in the U.S. In addition, the Company had approximately 6,300 temporary contractors globally, primarily in operations. The employee workforce is comprised of approximately 66% hourly-paid employees, principally in manufacturing and distribution centers, and 34% salaried employees. As of January 3, 2026, there were approximately 840 U.S. employees represented by 9 different local labor unions, and a majority of European employees are represented by Works Councils. One U.S. collective bargaining agreement is scheduled for renegotiation in the next 12 months. The Company strives to maintain a positive relationship with all its employees, as well as the unions and Works Councils representing them, where applicable. Talent Attraction, Development, and Retention Attraction In 2025, the Company continued to expand its global talent acquisition center of excellence, building on the work started in 2022 within the regions to better focus on acquiring top talent and addressing skill shortages locally, while providing a consistent, candidate experience. Additionally, the Company continues to work with a dedicated focus on improving the candidate journey and increasing manager capabilities to facilitate a more effective approach to the recruitment process. This improved approach includes everything from attraction through onboarding with a more efficient application process and streamlined interviews and communication for job seekers. The Company also continued work to develop an Employee Value Proposition and Employer Brand to help articulate Company values and culture to potential candidates in the attraction process, which it expects to begin launching in the first quarter of 2026. Development Talent development continues to be a key enabler of the Company's strategy. The Company's annual performance enablement process encourages self-reflection and leader feedback on goals, supporting a continuous cycle of development. Building on its foundation of clearly defined goals and performance feedback, the Company expanded its process in 2025 to include a dedicated mid-year performance and development conversation. This enhancement facilitated meaningful conversations between eligible employees and their managers focused on strengths, growth opportunities and development goals, reflecting its commitment to ongoing growth. By continuing to evolve the process introduced in late 2023, the Company is further enhancing the achievement of personal and business goals through a regular cycle of feedback and employee development. The Company believes a skilled workforce is central to meeting customer and end-user needs, both in the Company's professional roles and in its manufacturing and distribution facilities. In 2025, salaried employees completed more than 89,500 courses and programs, resulting in over 67,000 hours of training, through a combination of in-person and online learning. The Company continues to invest in its hourly operations workforce with dedicated enablement programs focused on upskilling initiatives and future career opportunities, as well as job-specific training. Through digital learning, the Company delivers on-demand visual training to empower employees with flexible, accessible, and relevant learning opportunities that support personal growth, compliance, and organizational success while ensuring the Company remains competitive and innovative. This powerful efficiency tool has expanded from the factory floor and is integrated into onboarding and safety training, helping the Company s operations employees learn outside of the classroom and increasing uptake for on-the-job training. 7 The Company s leadership development is anchored in its core values and newly-introduced strategic capabilities aligned to drive the business strategy. These capabilities, Customer Centricity, Enterprise Mindset, Change Leadership and People Focus, are the foundation of how the Company s leaders can drive growth in their daily work interactions. Throughout 2025, the Company cultivated understanding and embedded these leadership capabilities across performance and development processes. In addition, the Company has invested in deploying development programs to build skill and capability in these areas, including feedback, coaching skills, and inclusive leadership. The Company has continued its robust leadership talent review process and remains invested in dedicated coaching for many of its leaders. In 2026, the Company plans to continue to evolve its Leadership and Development portfolio through enterprise-wide and role-specific training and development experiences at all levels. Retention The Company monitors organizational health through a variety of channels including employee engagement surveys, town halls, roundtables, listening sessions, and an updated internal communications platform. The Company maintained its track record of a strong participation rate with its 2025 employee engagement survey. The recent implementation of robust leader dashboards enables the Human Resources data team to regularly deliver new metrics, reports and dashboards related to headcount, hiring and retention. These enhanced tools empower leaders with timely, value-driven insights from people data, supporting informed decision-making and ongoing organizational improvement. Total Rewards and Employee Well-being Total Rewards programs consist of compensation, benefits, recognition, and well-being programs. Program designs incorporate both global and market-specific considerations that are externally competitive and internally equitable for employees, reflecting the Company s commitment to attract, engage and retain a high caliber workforce. For a sizable portion of the Company s workforce, its programs also differentiate talent impact and drive/reinforce positive business outcomes through incentive awards, promote an ownership mindset and enable mobility across our workforce. The Company is committed to fostering a culture of holistic well-being, recognizing that employees who thrive individually are best equipped to achieve sustainable high performance and contribute positively to the Company culture. The Company s comprehensive approach incorporates multiple dimensions of well-being, including mental and emotional health, physical health, occupational satisfaction, financial stability, and social connections. Environmental, Health and Safety The Company maintains an Environmental, Health and Safety ( EHS ) management system that establishes its standard of care and the framework for consistent EHS program implementation across global sites, in alignment with the Company s Code of Business Ethics, applicable laws and site-specific needs. The framework developed by the Corporate EHS team includes risk assessment processes, compliance management, policies and standards, all enabled by an integrated data management platform that improves line of sight into EHS performance, tracking capabilities and drives proactive leading indicator performance, including risk mitigation. In 2025, the Company continued to prioritize EHS as a non-negotiable that applies to employees and operating locations and subsidiaries worldwide, including manufacturing facilities, distribution centers, warehouses, laboratories, field service centers, retail locations and office locations and mobile units. While legal requirements may vary by country and jurisdiction, the Company remains committed to continuous improvement in EHS performance, capabilities and compliance. In 2025, the Safety Business Impact Group ("Safety BIG") was launched to amplify and advance the Company s culture of safety well-being. Activation areas included the reinforcement of the Company s Safety Cardinal Rules as a core expectation for all employees and of the need to identify risks associated with non-routine tasks performed by commercial and field-based employees. Grow the Trades In 2025, the Company doubled down on its initial Grow the Trades commitment to invest $30 million into initiatives that educate tradespeople, by announcing an increased $60 million commitment to those initiatives by 2030. Through the program, the Company invests in initiatives that educate tradespeople such as plumbers, electricians, carpenters, HVAC techs and others. Since the original goal was set in 2023, the Company has invested nearly $30 million in these initiatives. Despite recent improvements in enrollment and demand trends, a large and growing skills gap persists due to an aging workforce, legacy underinvestment in vocational education, and a long-standing emphasis on four-year degrees over trades pathways. Rapid enrollment growth, continued limited resources and long waitlists, and emerging technologies in the trades all call for increased private sector involvement in addressing the skilled trades gap. The Company is also providing resources to improve accessibility of the trades to underserved populations, and in 2025, provided scholarships to students pursuing secondary education aligned with its business priorities. Through the Stanley Black Decker Leadership Scholarship, the 8 Company awarded scholarships to high school and college scholars, affording them with access to expanded experiential learning beyond their classrooms and enabling them to pursue their education while working to achieve their leadership and academic aspirations in business, technology, and STEM fields. Through the DEWALT Trades Scholarship program, the Company provided scholarships to individuals attending a two-year college or vocational-technical school who are pursuing a trade degree/certificate in fields aligned with the Company's end markets. The Company is committed to addressing the trade skills gap and investing in education and training programs for local tradespeople and the communities that support them. Governance and Oversight The Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the management Executive Committee are entrusted with developing and advancing the Company s human capital strategy, which is reviewed annually with periodic updates on progress with the Compensation Talent Development Committee and the entire Board. The Chief Human Resources Officer ( CHRO ), who reports directly to the CEO, is charged with the development and stewardship of this strategy on an enterprise-wide basis. This incorporates a broad range of dimensions, including culture, values, labor and employee relations, leadership expectations and capabilities, talent development, performance management, and total rewards. Each year, the Company conducts an extensive talent review with its CEO in which the leadership team, key talent, and succession plans are reviewed. Afterward, the CEO or CHRO leads a talent review with the Compensation Talent Development Committee, which provides strategic oversight and direction regarding the talent development process, as well as with the entire membership of the Board, at least annually. Refer to the caption "Information About Our Executive Officers" in Part 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of the Registrant in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Company's Executive Officers. Code of Business Ethics and Workplace Harassment Prevention training, among others, are provided to employees and the content is regularly reviewed and updated. Employees have access to the Integrity Helpline where support, guidance and resources are available. Employees are encouraged to raise any concerns through multiple channels, including through the confidential Integrity Helpline, without fear of retaliation or retribution. Available Information The Company s website is located at https://www.stanleyblackanddecker.com. This URL is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. It is not intended to be an active hyperlink to the Company's website. Additionally, this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes several website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites. These websites and materials, including the information on the Company's website that may be referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is provided for convenience only and is not intended to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated into this report by reference. The Company makes its Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and amendments to each available free of charge on its website as soon as reasonably practicable after filing them with, or furnishing them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following describes management s beliefs and opinions regarding the material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky, as the Company s business, operations and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those risks set forth under the heading entitled "Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements" in Item 7, and in other documents that the Company files with, or furnishes to, the SEC, before making any investment decision with respect to its securities. Some of the risks and uncertainties discussed below may have occurred in the past. The disclosures below are provided by way of example only and are not representations as to whether or not the risks or uncertainties have occurred in the past, but are provided because if any of the risks or uncertainties actually occur or develop, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects could change. Under these circumstances, the trading prices of the Company s securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment in the Company s securities. Business and Operational Risks The Company s business is subject to risks associated with sourcing, manufacturing and maintaining appropriate inventory levels. 9 The Company imports large quantities of finished goods, component parts and raw materials. Lead times for these items vary significantly and may be further impacted by global shortages of critical components. Global trade, inflation, deflation, and supply chain constraints in the wake of geopolitical tensions and conflicts have adversely impacted, and could adversely impact again, the availability, pricing and lead times for products, component parts and raw materials and thus negatively impact the Company s results of operations. Specifically, the Company sources materials from South Korea, China, Taiwan and Israel, among other countries, and any future tensions or conflicts in such regions could cause material disruptions in the Company's supply chain which could, in turn, cause product shortages, delays in delivery and/or increases in the Company's cost incurred to produce and deliver products to its customers. Other potential consequences arising from the further escalation of conflicts and global geopolitical tensions cannot be predicted. Generally, raw materials and components are available from several different suppliers, however, for certain products, such as components requiring rare earth minerals sourced from China and components requiring cobalt, the Company and its suppliers may rely on one or very few suppliers or suppliers concentrated in certain regions. For example, in April 2025, China restricted export of certain rare earth minerals and may in the future continue to restrict, expand restrictions, or stop exporting these or other materials. Any such restrictions or delays on the export of rare earth minerals from China have caused, and may in the future cause, increased costs and/or production disruptions which could materially and adversely impact the Company s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. In addition, the Company s ability to import these items in a timely and cost-effective manner may be affected by conditions at ports or issues that otherwise affect transportation and warehousing providers, such as fluctuations in freight costs, port and shipping capacity, personnel security, labor disputes and shortages, severe weather, or increased homeland security requirements in the U.S. and other countries. These issues have delayed, and could delay in the future, importation of products or require the Company to locate alternative ports or warehousing providers to avoid disruption to customers. These alternatives may not be available on short notice or could result in higher transit costs, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. The Company also relies on its ability to maintain inventory levels appropriate to meet consumer and customer demand. The Company is focused on optimizing inventory levels via improved supply chain conditions and strategic inventory management. Any failure to optimize inventory levels or otherwise maintain appropriate inventory levels to meet consumer and customer demand, may expose the Company to risks of excess inventory and less marketable or obsolete inventory and could require the Company to sell excess or obsolete inventory at a discount, which could result in inventory write-offs that would negatively impact the Company s results of operations. The Company also relies on its suppliers to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws. The Company s ability to find qualified suppliers who meet its standards, and supply products in a timely, cost-effective and efficient manner is a significant challenge with the increasing demand from customers, especially with respect to goods sourced from non-U.S. suppliers. A supplier s failure to meet the Company s standards, provide products in a timely, cost-effective and efficient manner, or comply with applicable laws is beyond the Company s control. These issues could have a material negative impact on the Company's business and profitability. Poor quality or an insecure supply chain may also adversely affect the reliability and reputation of the Company. Further, as a result of inflationary or deflationary economic conditions, changes in tariffs or trade policies or otherwise, the Company believes it is possible that a limited number of suppliers may either cease operations or require additional financial assistance from the Company in order to fulfill their obligations. In a limited number of circumstances, the magnitude of the Company s purchases of certain items is of such significance that a change in established relationships with suppliers or increase in the costs of purchased raw materials, component parts or finished goods could result in manufacturing interruptions, delays, inefficiencies or an inability to market products. Changes in value-added tax rebates, currently available to the Company or to its suppliers, could also increase the costs of the Company s manufactured products, as well as purchased products and components, and could adversely affect the Company s results. The Company s business is subject to risks associated with the global trade environment, including customs and trade regulations, tariffs, quotas, import taxes and international trade agreements. Substantially all of the Company's import operations are subject to customs requirements, trade restrictions and protection measures, and to tariffs, quotas and taxes on imports set by governments through mutual agreements, bilateral actions or, in some cases unilateral action, such as tariffs implemented by the U.S. government under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974. In addition, the countries in which the Company s products and materials are manufactured or imported from (including importation into the U.S. of the Company's products manufactured overseas) may from time to time impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions on its imports (including restrictions on manufacturing operations) or adversely modify existing restrictions. Adverse changes in the Company s import costs and restrictions, or failure by the Company s suppliers to comply with customs regulations or similar laws, could harm the Company s business. 10 Changes in governmental policy regarding international trade, including import and export regulation, sanctions, and international trade agreements, have negatively impacted the Company s business. In 2025, the U.S. government announced a series of tariffs on imported goods into the U.S., which prompted retaliatory actions from some of its trading partners, and in response, the Company introduced strategies to mitigate the impacts of these changes on its results of operations, including price increases and supply chain adjustments. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to mitigate the full impact of all such tariffs, retaliatory actions or other changes in trade policies that have or may develop. Similar U.S. actions involving China, Mexico or other countries, and any corresponding retaliatory efforts, could be adopted or modified with little or no advanced notice, and result in disruption to the Company's supply chain and an increase in supply chain costs that the Company may not be able to accurately assess and offset, which could in turn require the Company to increase its prices and, in the event customer demand declines as a result, adversely impact the Company s results of operations. Moreover, decisions made as part of the Company s tariff mitigation strategy concerning the rationalization, restructuring or relocation of facilities, production or component sources and any similar actions could also subject the Company to additional or new tariffs or trade regulations and interpretations of those regulations, reputational risks, and other issues relating to the importation of products. For example, in 2025 the Company began shifting production of certain power tools to Mexico. As a result, these products became subject to additional tariffs on imports from Mexico in 2025. Even though the Company is taking actions to qualify for an exemption under the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement to mitigate the additional tariff costs, there is no guarantee that the Company will be able to obtain such qualification. There is a possibility of further escalation of trade tensions, tariffs or additional trade restrictions. For example, in April 2025, China imposed export restrictions on certain rare earth minerals that are used in certain components of the Company s products, which resulted in delays and shortages of certain components. If China were to further restrict exporting, or implement burdensome and lengthy licensing processes for the export of, these materials or components, or pressure other countries to do so, the Company s and its suppliers' ability to obtain such materials or components may be disrupted and the Company may not be able to obtain sufficient quantities, or obtain supply in a timely manner, or at a commercially reasonable cost. Certain of the Company s competitors may be better positioned than the Company to withstand or react to these kinds of changes and other restrictions on global trade and as a result the Company could lose market share to such competitors. While the Company may be able to expand or shift sourcing options and has been focused, and continues to focus, on implementing other supply chain adjustments, such efforts are time-consuming and are, or could be, difficult or impracticable for many products and may result in an increase in its manufacturing costs, or otherwise materially and adversely impact the Company's results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. The Company s operations are also subject to the effects of international trade agreements and regulations such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, and the activities and regulations of the World Trade Organization. Although these trade agreements generally have, and the Company has benefited from, positive effec