=== IRM_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. We face many risks. If any of the events or circumstances described below actually occur, we and our businesses, financial condition or results of operations could suffer, and the trading price of our debt or equity securities could decline. Our current and potential investors should consider the following risks and the information contained under the heading "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" before deciding to invest in our securities. BUSINESS RISKS Failure to execute our strategic growth plan may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. As part of our strategic growth plan, we expect to invest in our existing businesses, including records and information management storage and services businesses in our higher-growth markets, data centers, digital solutions, ALM business and other complementary businesses, and in new businesses, business strategies, products, services, technologies and geographies. These initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: • our inability to maintain relationships with key customers and suppliers or to execute on our plan to incorporate the digitization of our customers’ records and new digital information technologies into our offerings; • failure to achieve satisfactory returns on new product offerings, acquired companies, joint ventures, growth initiatives or other investments, particularly in markets where we do not currently operate or have a substantial presence; • our inability to identify suitable companies to acquire, invest in or partner with; • our inability to complete acquisitions or investments on satisfactory terms; • our inability to structure acquisitions or investments in a manner that complies with our debt covenants or is consistent with our leverage ratio goals; • challenges in managing costs to offset the impact of inflationary pressure; • increased demands on our management, operating systems, internal controls and financial and physical resources and, if necessary, our inability to successfully expand our infrastructure; • incurring additional debt necessary to acquire suitable companies or make other growth investments if we are unable to pay the purchase price or make the investment out of working capital or the issuance of our common stock or other equity securities; • our inability to manage the budgeting, forecasting and other process control issues presented by future growth, particularly with respect to new lines of business; • insufficient revenues to offset expenses and liabilities associated with new investments; and • our inability to attract, develop and retain skilled employees to lead and support our strategic growth plan, particularly in new businesses, technologies, products or offerings outside our core competencies. Our new ventures are inherently risky and we can provide no assurance that such strategies and offerings will be successful in achieving the desired returns within a reasonable timeframe, if at all, and that they will not adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results. As stored records and tapes become less active, our service revenue growth and profits from related services may decline. Our Records Management and Data Management service revenue growth is being negatively impacted by declining activity rates as stored records and tapes are becoming less active and more archival. The amount of information available to customers digitally or in their own information systems has been steadily increasing in recent years, and we believe this trend will continue. As a result, our customers are less likely than they have been in the past to retrieve records and rotate tapes, thereby reducing their activity levels. At the same time, many of our costs related to records and tape related services remain relatively fixed. In addition, our reputation for providing secure information storage is critical to our success, and actions to manage cost structure, such as outsourcing certain transportation, security or other functions, could negatively impact our reputation and adversely affect our business, and, if we are unable to appropriately align our cost structure with decreased levels of service activity, our operating results could be adversely affected. 8 IRON MOUNTAIN 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Part I Our customers continue to evolve the way they store records, which could impact our storage revenue. We derive substantial revenues from rental fees for the storage of physical records and computer backup media and from storage related services. Volume in and demand for our traditional storage related services has evolved as our customers adopt alternative storage technologies or as retention requirements change, which may require significantly less space than traditional physical records and tape storage; however, volumes in our Global RIM Business segment were relatively steady in 2025 and we expect them to remain relatively consistent in the near term. We can provide no assurance that our customers will continue to store most or a portion of their records as paper documents or as tapes, or that the paper documents or tapes they do store with us will require our storage related services at the same levels as they have in the past. A significant shift by our customers to storage of data through non-paper or non-tape-based technologies, whether now existing or developed in the future, could adversely affect our businesses. In addition, the digitization of records may shift our revenue mix from the more predictable storage revenue to service revenue, which is inherently more volatile. We and our customers are subject to laws and governmental regulations, including laws relating to data privacy and cybersecurity, and our customers’ demands in this area are increasing. This may cause us to incur significant expenses and non-compliance with such regulations and demands could harm our business. Our business is subject to regulation under a wide variety of laws and regulations in the jurisdictions which we operate. Although we have policies and procedures designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations, failure to comply with the various laws and regulations may result in civil and criminal liability, fines and penalties and increased costs of compliance. We and our customers are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to data privacy and cybersecurity. These regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. In addition, a growing number of regulatory bodies have adopted data breach notification requirements and increased enforcement of regulations regarding the use, access, accuracy and security of personal information. Finally, as a result of the continued emphasis on information security and instances in which personal information has been compromised, our customers are requesting that we take increasingly sophisticated measures to enhance security and comply with cybersecurity and data privacy regulations and that we assume higher liability under our contracts. We have an established global privacy compliance program and devote substantial resources, and may in the future have to devote significant additional resources, to facilitate compliance with global laws and regulations, our customers’ data privacy, data residency and security demands, and to investigate, defend or remedy actual or alleged violations or breaches. Any failure by us to comply with, or remedy any violations or breaches of, laws and regulations or customer requirements could negatively impact our operations, result in the imposition of fines and penalties, contractual liability and litigation, significant costs and expenses and reputational harm. Expansion into Global Digital Solutions and ALM services means that our data privacy and security risk profile is increasing. In particular, we are hosting increasing volumes of customer digital data, including sensitive and confidential data, and disposing of customer data-bearing devices. This may result in increased regulatory exposure, contractual liability and security expectations from customers. Finally, emerging AI technology, such as AI and generative AI systems, have become subject to regulation under new laws and new applications of prior existing laws which require additional resources and increase compliance risks as we integrate AI into our services. Attacks on our internal IT systems could damage our reputation, cause us to lose revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our reputation for providing secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. Our reputation or brand, and specifically, the trust our customers place in us, could be negatively impacted in the event of perceived or actual failures by us to store information securely. Although we seek to prevent and detect attempts by unauthorized users to gain access to our IT systems, and incur significant costs to do so, our IT and network infrastructure has in the past been and may in the future be vulnerable to cyberattacks and security incidents, including by state-sponsored organizations with significant financial and technological resources, breaches due to employee or contractor error, fraud or malice or other disruptions (including, but not limited to, computer viruses and other malware, denial of service and ransomware), which may involve a breach requiring us to notify regulators, clients or employees and enlist identity theft protection. Recent developments in the cybersecurity threat landscape include the use of AI and machine learning, as well as an increased number of cyber extortion and ransomware attacks. As techniques used to breach security change frequently and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, we may not be able to promptly detect that a cyber breach has occurred, or implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, we may not be able to determine the extent to which these measures could be circumvented . Moreover, until we have migrated businesses we acquire onto our IT systems or ensured compliance with our information technology security standards, we have in the past and may in the future face additional risks because of the continued use of predecessor IT systems. We utilize remote work arrangements and outsource certain support services, including cloud storage systems and cloud computing services, to third parties, which has in the past and may in the future subject our IT and other sensitive information to additional risk. A successful breach of the security of our IT systems could lead to theft or misuse of our customers’ proprietary or confidential information or our employees’ personal information and result in third party claims against us, regulatory penalties and reputational harm. Although we maintain insurance coverage for various cybersecurity risks, there is no guarantee that all costs or losses incurred will be fully insured. Damage to our reputation could make us less competitive, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. IRON MOUNTAIN 2025 FORM 10-K 9 Table of Contents Part I The development and use of AI in our business and operations presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business and operating results. Our ability to attract and retain customers, particularly in our Global Digital Solutions business, depends on our ability to offer innovative products and services, including through developing or deploying emerging technologies such as AI. Some of our products, services and processes leverage AI, including both machine learning and generative AI, and we continue to make investments in initiatives focused on the further development and deployment of these technologies. However, there is no assurance that our use or development of AI will enhance our products or services or their marketability, improve operating results, or deliver anticipated benefits, and our product development initiatives involving AI may be unsuccessful. While implementation of these technologies offers the potential for innovation and competitive differentiation, it also poses significant risks and uncertainties, especially given its early stage of commercial adoption. The use of AI in our product initiatives and offerings or services, or in our internal business operations, may give rise to risks related to accuracy, bias, discrimination, intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or leakage of proprietary, confidential and personal information, defamation, data privacy, and cybersecurity. Any error, defect, or vulnerability in our AI-powered products or business processes could undermine the quality of our products and services, adversely impact our clients’ businesses, subject us or our clients to regulatory scrutiny, fines or litigation and cause reputational harm. We are exposed to similar risks in connection with the use of AI technology by our third-party vendors and clients. These technologies are subject to an evolving and fragmented legal and regulatory landscape. The absence of a unified regulatory framework, and the risk of divergent or conflicting regulations across jurisdictions applicable to our business, could increase the complexity and costs of compliance for us and our clients. New or changing legal requirements may limit or restrict our use of AI, impose burdensome obligations, or require us to modify or discontinue certain offerings. Any of these factors, alone or in combination, could adversely affect our business, reputation, or results of operations. Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could negatively impact our balance sheet and results of operations. Strategic acquisitions are an important element of our growth strategy and the success of any acquisition we make depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired business and realize anticipated synergies. The process of integrating acquired businesses, particularly in new markets or for new offerings, may involve difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management’s attention and our financial and other resources. For example, the success of our significant acquisitions depends, in large part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits, including cost savings or revenue acceleration from combining the acquired businesses with ours. To realize these anticipated benefits, we must be able to successfully integrate our business and the acquired businesses, and this integration is complex and time-consuming. We may encounter challenges in the integration process including the following: • challenges and difficulties associated with managing our larger, more complex, company; • conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation and benefits structures between the two businesses; • consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures; • coordinating geographically dispersed organizations; • retaining critical acquired talent; • retaining key customers; • potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses or delays associated with an acquisition; and • our ability to deliver on our strategy going forward. Further, our acquisitions subject us to liabilities (including tax liabilities) that may exist at an acquired company, some of which may be unknown. Although we and our advisors conduct due diligence on the businesses we acquire, there can be no guarantee that we are aware of all liabilities of an acquired company. These liabilities, and any additional risks and uncertainties related to an acquired company not known to us or that we may deem immaterial or unlikely to occur at the time of the acquisition, could negatively impact our future business, financial condition and results of operations. We can give no assurance that we will ultimately be able to effectively integrate and manage the operations of any acquired business or realize anticipated synergies. The failure to successfully integrate the cultures, operating systems, procedures and information technologies of an acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our future growth depends in part upon our ability to continue to effectively manage and execute on revenue management. Our organic revenue growth has been positively impacted by our ability to effectively introduce, expand and monitor revenue management. If we are not able to continue and effectively manage pricing, our results of operations could be adversely affected and we may not be able to execute on our strategic growth plan. 10 IRON MOUNTAIN 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Part I Our customer contracts do not always limit our liability and sometimes contain terms that could subject us to significant liability or lead to disputes in contract interpretation. Our customer contracts typically contain standardized provisions limiting our liability regarding the services we perform and the loss or destruction of, or damage to, records, information or other items stored with us; however, some of our contracts with large customers and governmental entities and some of the contracts assumed in our acquisitions contain no such limits or contain non-standard limits. We can provide no assurance that our limitation of liability provisions will be enforceable in all instances or, if enforceable, that they would otherwise protect us from liability. In the past, we have had relatively few disputes with our customers regarding the terms of their customer contracts, and most disputes to date have not been material, but we can provide no assurance that we will not have material disputes in the future. Moreover, as we expand our operations into new businesses, including Global Digital Solutions, ALM, and the storage of valuable items, and respond to customer demands for higher limitation of liability, our exposure to contracts with higher or no limitations of liability and disputes with customers over contract interpretation may increase. Although we maintain a comprehensive insurance program, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain insurance policies on acceptable terms or with high enough coverage amounts to cover losses to us in connection with customer contract disputes. As a global company, we are subject to the unique risks of operating in many countries. As of December 31, 2025, we operated in 61 countries. The global nature of our business and our growth strategy, which includes continued acquisitions and investments in countries where we do not currently operate or have limited operations, is subject to numerous risks, including: • fluctuations of currency exchange rates in the markets in which we operate; • the impact of laws and regulations that apply to us in countries in which we operate or have made investments; in particular, we are subject to sanctions and anti-corruption laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the United Kingdom Bribery Act, and, although we have implemented internal controls, policies and procedures and training to deter prohibited practices, our employees, partners, contractors or agents may violate or circumvent such policies and the law; • costs and difficulties associated with managing global operations, including cross-border sales; • the volatility of certain economies in which we operate; • political uncertainties and changes in the global political climate or other global events, such as war or other military conflict, tariffs or trade restrictions, trade wars, global pandemics or supply chain challenges, which may create additional risk in relation to our global operations, which may become more pronounced as we consolidate operations across countries and need to move data across borders; • the risk that business partners upon whom we depend for technical assistance or management and acquisition expertise in some markets will not perform as expected; • difficulties attracting and retaining local management and key employees to operate our business in certain countries; and • cultural differences and differences in business practices and operating standards, as well as risks and challenges in expanding into countries where we have no prior operational experience. If we fail to transition to more sustainable sources of energy, it may negatively impact our ability to attract and retain certain of our customers, employees and investors. Furthermore, changes to environmental laws and standards may increase the cost to operate some of our businesses. This could impact our results of operations, our competitiveness and the trading value of our stock. We have made progress towards reducing our carbon footprint, but if we are not successful in continuing this reduction or if our customers, employees and investors are not satisfied with our sustainability efforts, it may negatively impact our ability to attract and retain customers, employees and investors who focus on this commitment. This could negatively impact our results of operations and the trading of our stock. Furthermore, changes in environmental laws in any jurisdiction in which we operate could increase compliance costs or impose limitations on our operations. For example, our emergency generators at our data centers are subject to regulations and permit requirements governing air pollutants, and the heating, ventilation and air conditioning and fire suppression systems at some of our data centers and data management locations may include ozone-depleting substances that are subject to regulation. While environmental regulations do not normally impose material costs upon operations at our facilities, unexpected events, equipment malfunctions, human error and changes in law or regulations, among other factors, could result in unexpected costs, which could be material. IRON MOUNTAIN 2025 FORM 10-K 11 Table of Contents Part I Our use of joint ventures or other co-investment vehicles could expose us to additional risks and liabilities, including our lack of sole decision-making authority and our reliance on joint venture or other co-investment vehicle partners who may have economic and business interests that are inconsistent with our business interests. As part of our growth strategy, particularly in connection with our international and data center expansion, we currently, and may in the future, co-invest with third parties using joint ventures or other co-investment vehicles. These ventures can result in our holding non-controlling interests in, or not having sole control over managing the affairs of, a property or portfolio of properties, business, partnership, joint venture or other entity. In connection with our pursuit or entrance into any such venture, we may be subject to additional risks, including: • our ability to sell our interests in the venture may be limited by the venture agreement; • we may not have the right to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the properties, business, partnership, venture or other entity; • we may be liable for the venture's failure to comply with applicable law despite only having a non-controlling interest in the venture; • if our partners become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, we may choose or be required to contribute unplanned capital; • our partners may have economic, tax or other interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests or goals, which could affect our ability to negotiate satisfactory venture terms, to operate the property or business or to maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT; and • disputes may arise between us and our partners that result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and divert the attention of our officers and directors. Each of these factors may result in returns on these investments being less than we expect or in losses, and our financial and operating results may be adversely affected. Significant costs or disruptions at our data centers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our Global Data Center Business depends on providing customers with highly reliable facilities, power infrastructure and operations solutions, and we will need to retain and hire qualified personnel to manage our data centers. Service interruptions or significant equipment damage could result in difficulty maintaining service-level commitment obligations that we owe to certain of our customers. Service interruptions or equipment damage may occur at one or more of our data centers because of numerous factors, including: human error; equipment failure; physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches; fire, hurricane, flood, earthquake and other natural disasters; water damage; fiber cuts; extreme temperatures; power loss or telecommunications failure; war, terrorism and any related conflicts or similar events worldwide; and sabotage and vandalism. We purchase significant amounts of electricity and water for cooling from suppliers that are subject to environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements. These environmental requirements are subject to material change, which could result in increases in our suppliers’ compliance costs that may be passed through to us or otherwise constrain the availability of such resources. In addition, climate change may increase the likelihood that our data centers are affected by some of these factors. While these risks could impact our overall business, they could have a more significant impact on our Global Data Center Business, where we have service-level commitment obligations to certain of our customers. As a result, service interruptions or significant equipment damage at our data centers could result in difficulty maintaining service-level commitments to these customers and potential claims related to such failures. Because our data centers are critical to many of our customers’ businesses, service interruptions or significant equipment damage at our data centers could also result in lost profits or other indirect or consequential damages to our customers, which could in turn result in contractual liability to our customers or impair our ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenue and our results of operations. We also rely on third party telecommunications carriers to provide internet connectivity to our customers. These carriers may elect not to offer or to restrict their services within our data centers or may elect to discontinue such services. Furthermore, carriers may face business difficulties, which could affect their ability to provide telecommunications services or the quality of such services. If connectivity is interrupted or terminated, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Events such as these may also impact our reputation as a data center provider which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our Global Data Center Business is susceptible to regional and local costs of power, power shortages, planned or unplanned power outages and limitations on the availability of adequate power resources. We rely on third parties to provide power to our data centers. We are therefore subject to an inherent risk that such third parties may fail to deliver such power in adequate quantities or on a consistent basis. If the power delivered to our data centers is insufficient or interrupted, we would be required to provide power through the operation of our on-site generators, generally at a significantly higher operating cost. Additionally, global fluctuations in the price of power can increase the cost of energy, and we may be limited in our ability to, or may not always choose to, pass these increased costs on to our customers. 12 IRON MOUNTAIN 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents Part I We face additional risks in expanding our Global Data Center Business, including the significant amount of capital required. Expanding our Global Data Center Business requires significant capital. In addition, we may be required to commit significant operational and financial resources in connection with the organic growth of our Global Data Center Business substantially in advance of such newly developed data centers generating revenue. We continue to experience rising construction costs which reflect the increase in cost of labor and raw materials, as well as supply chain and logistical challenges. Unexpected disruptions to our supply chain, continued inflationary pressures or high interest rates, tariffs, delays in construction, limited financing availability, constrained supplies of new power, or changes in customer requirements could significantly affect the cost or timing of our planned expansion projects, have consequences under our project financing and partnership agreements, and interfere with our ability to meet commitments to customers who have contracted for space in new data centers under construction. All construction-related data center projects require us to carefully select, manage, and rely on the experience of one or more design firms, general contractors, and associated subcontractors during the design and construction process, and to obtain critical government permits and authorizations. Should a design firm, general contractor, significant subcontractor, or key supplier experience financial or operational problems during the design or construction process or fail to perform properly, or should we be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, all necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other governmental permits and authoriza

=== IRM_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A of our Annual Report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements appearing in this report. IRON MOUNTAIN MARCH 31, 2026 FORM 10-Q 24 Table of Contents Part I. Financial Information OVERVIEW The following discussions set forth, for the periods indicated, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. Significant trends and changes are discussed for the three months ended March 31, 2026 within each section. GENERAL RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—KEY TRENDS • Our organic storage rental revenue growth is primarily driven by revenue management in our Global RIM Business segment, where we expect volume to be relatively stable in the near term, as well as by growth in our Global Data Center Business segment, primarily driven by lease commencements. • Our organic service revenue growth is primarily driven by new and existing digital offerings, traditional records management services and services in our asset lifecycle management ("ALM") business, all of which we expect to grow in the near term and benefit our organic service revenue growth in 2026. • We expect continued total revenue and Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") growth in 2026 as a result of our focus on new product and service offerings, cross-selling opportunities, innovation, customer solutions and market expansion in line with our growth strategies. Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) and Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2026 consists of the following: COST OF SALES SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES IRON MOUNTAIN MARCH 31, 2026 FORM 10-Q 25 Table of Contents Part I. Financial Information NON-GAAP MEASURES ADJUSTED EBITDA We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, net, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation and amortization (inclusive of our share of Adjusted EBITDA from our unconsolidated joint ventures), and excluding certain items we do not believe to be indicative of our core operating results, specifically: EXCLUDED • Acquisition and Integration Costs (as defined below) • Restructuring and other transformation • Loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment, net (including real estate) • Other (income) expense, net • Stock-based compensation expense • Intangible impairments Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted EBITDA by total revenues. We also show Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for each of our reportable segments under "Results of Operations – Segment Analysis" below. Adjusted EBITDA excludes both interest expense, net and the provision (benefit) for income taxes. These expenses are associated with our capitalization and tax structures, which we do not consider when evaluating the operating profitability of our core operations. Adjusted EBITDA does not include depreciation and amortization expenses, in order to eliminate the impact of capital investments, which we evaluate by comparing capital expenditures to incremental revenue generated and as a percentage of total revenues. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"), such as operating income (loss), net income (loss) or cash flows from operating activities. RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME (LOSS) TO ADJUSTED EBITDA (IN THOUSANDS): THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 2025 Net Income (Loss) $ 148,999 $ 16,233 Add/(Deduct): Interest expense, net 223,821 194,738 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 27,118 14,835 Depreciation and amortization 267,839 232,154 Acquisition and Integration Costs (1) 2,921 5,823 Restructuring and other transformation — 54,746 Loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment, net (including real estate) 7,592 5,571 Other (income) expense, net, excluding our share of losses (gains) from our unconsolidated joint ventures (1,196) 27,382 Stock-based compensation expense 28,257 26,094 Our share of Adjusted EBITDA reconciling items from our unconsolidated joint ventures 2,588 2,330 Adjusted EBITDA $ 707,939 $ 579,906 (1) Represents operating expenditures directly associated with the closing and integration activities of our business acquisitions that have closed, or are highly probable of closing, and include (i) advisory, legal and professional fees to complete business acquisitions and (ii) costs to integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations, including move, severance and system integration costs (collectively, "Acquisition and Integration Costs"). IRON MOUNTAIN MARCH 31, 2026 FORM 10-Q 26 Table of Contents Part I. Financial Information ADJUSTED EPS We define Adjusted EPS as reported earnings per share fully diluted from net income (loss) attributable to Iron Mountain Incorporated (inclusive of our share of adjusted losses (gains) from our unconsolidated joint ventures) and excluding certain items, specifically: EXCLUDED • Acquisition and Integration Costs • Restructuring and other transformation • Loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment, net (including real estate) • Other (income) expense, net • Stock-based compensation expense • Non-cash amortization related to derivative instruments • Tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items • Amortization related to the write-off of certain customer relationship intangible assets We do not believe these excluded items to be indicative of our ongoing operating results, and they are not considered when we are forecasting our future results. We believe Adjusted EPS is of value to our current and potential investors when comparing our results from past, present and future periods. RECONCILIATION OF REPORTED EPS—FULLY DILUTED FROM NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED TO ADJUSTED EPS—FULLY DILUTED FROM NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED: THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 2025 Reported EPS—Fully Diluted from Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Iron Mountain Incorporated $ 0.48 $ 0.05 Add/(Deduct): Acquisition and Integration Costs 0.01 0.02 Restructuring and other transformation — 0.18 Loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment, net (including real estate) 0.03 0.02 Other (income) expense, net, excluding our share of losses (gains) from our unconsolidated joint ventures — 0.09 Stock-based compensation expense 0.09 0.09 Non-cash amortization related to derivative instruments — 0.01 Tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items (1) (0.02) (0.04) Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 0.02 — Adjusted EPS—Fully Diluted from Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Iron Mountain Incorporated (2) $ 0.60 $ 0.43 (1) The differences between our effective tax rates and our structural tax rate (or adjusted effective tax rates) for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 are primarily due to (i) the reconciling items above, which impact our reported Net Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes but have an insignificant impact on our reported Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes and (ii) other discrete tax items. Our structural tax rate for purposes of the calculation of Adjusted EPS for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 was 15.5% and 17.0%, respectively. The Tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items is calculated using the current quarter's estimate of the annual structural tax rate. (2) Columns may not foot due to rounding. IRON MOUNTAIN MARCH 31, 2026 FORM 10-Q 27 Table of Contents Part I. Financial Information FFO (NAREIT) AND FFO (NORMALIZED) Funds from operations ("FFO") is defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts as net income (loss) 