=== [ER] edgar_0002041610-26-000022_991.htm ===
EX-99 2 ex99_q126.htm EX-99 Document Exhibit 99 May 4, 2026 Summary Points Q1 revenue of $7.3 billion grew 2% year-over-year, with profitability exceeding our estimates for the quarter we are reaffirming our full-year outlook of $30 billion in revenue and $3.8 billion in adj. EBITDA 1 . DTC revenue 1 grew 11% year-over-year to $2.4 billion, led by 17% growth at Paramount+, which added 0.7 million subscribers (+1.9 million, excluding the exit of international hard bundle subscribers) DTC adj. EBITDA improved to $251 million (10% margin) we continue to expect accelerating DTC revenue and profit in 2026. Our content slate is delivering Landman is now Paramount+ s most-watched series ever The Madison is Taylor Sheridan's strongest and most female-skewing series debut to date with 12.5 million global viewers in its first month Marshals has reached over 18.5 million global viewers and Scream 7 is the highest-grossing installment in the franchise's 30-year history. CBS holds 13 of the top 20 primetime series, including all four of the top new series, Marshals , Sheriff Country , CIA and Boston Blue an achievement no broadcast network has delivered since the early 1990s. We are converging our streaming tech stack on track for a mid-year launch to deliver a more personalized, unified experience and enable continuous improvement across discovery and monetization. We remain on track to deliver $3 billion-plus in efficiencies through 2027, with more than $2.5 billion in run-rate efficiencies expected by the end of 2026 TV Media adj. EBITDA 1 grew 11% to $1.1 billion (29% margin) in Q1 as cost discipline more than offset revenue headwinds. We have made significant progress toward closing our acquisition of Warner Bros. Discovery by end of Q3'26, including the syndication of a portion of the new equity to strategic investors, securing $10 billion in debt financing, syndicating the remaining $49 billion in bridge financing to 18 global financial institutions, advancing regulatory approvals, and the April 23 approval by WBD shareholders. 1 Non-GAAP measures are detailed in the Supplemental Disclosures at the end of this letter. 1 Fellow shareholders, It s been a busy and productive start to the year with momentum across our Direct-to-Consumer, Studios, and TV Media segments driving strong Q1 results. We are pleased with the trajectory of our business as we continue to invest in key areas of growth, drive greater efficiency across the enterprise and position the company for long-term success. From day one, we set a clear objective to transform Paramount by investing in high-quality storytelling and technology, while pursuing opportunities that will define the next era of entertainment. And we are making meaningful progress driving strong financial results while simultaneously managing an industry-shifting transaction. Across our three segments, Direct-to-Consumer, Studios, and TV Media, the picture is one of deliberate execution investing in growth where the opportunity is largest and managing for margin where structural headwinds persist. Direct-to-Consumer On the direct-to-consumer side, we ve had a strong start to the year, led by the second season finale of Landman and the debut of The Madison and Marshals . Landman is now the most-watched series in Paramount+ history, while The Madison delivered Taylor Sheridan s strongest and most female-skewing series debut to date on streaming, with 12.5 million viewers globally in its first month on the service. Both hit series have been renewed for subsequent seasons. Marshals has also been a standout premiering on CBS and launching on Paramount+ the next day, it has now reached over 18.5 million viewers globally to date, including nearly 5 million internationally. Our local originals are also gaining meaningful traction Italia Shore Season 3 (Italy) and Canada Shore (Canada), both of which are now the platform s top-performing reality series of all time in their respective countries. Since August, our Direct-to-Consumer team has greenlit more than 20 new and returning series across scripted, unscripted and animation broadening both the depth of our slate and the audiences we reach. We ve also made meaningful progress on platform consolidation, including the successful transition of BET+ content onto Paramount+ ahead of the full service integration expected in early summer. This next step expands the reach of the stories we champion, the creators we support and the culture we represent, bringing more than 1,000 hours of iconic series, films and originals to audiences in one unified experience. In sports, Q1 included joint CBS simulcasts of three NFL playoff games, UFC, UEFA Champions League, Europa League, and Conference League matches, and college basketball. In total, Paramount+ subscribers have access to 14,000 hours of sports content this year. We are especially encouraged by the strong momentum with our exclusive offering of UFC. We continue to refine how we deliver a premium experience to consumers, including airing portions of two UFC events on CBS. To date, over 10 million households have watched more than 100 million hours of UFC programming on our service delivering viewership more than 15x the average pay-per-view event over the past two years. N otably, new UFC subscribers are 15 years younger than the average Paramount+ viewer and they re engaging with the service beyond just UFC, taking full advantage of our broader offering of films and series like South Park . In January, we implemented price increases across our Essential and Premium tiers in the U.S., Canada, Australia and Latin America the first such adjustment since August 2024. The results so far are in-line 2 with our expectations, allowing us to continue reinvesting in the business. Through the quarter, subscribers increased by 0.7 million, with strong underlying growth partially offset by exiting over 1 million hard bundle subscribers. To further accelerate our DTC business, we are modernizing our consumer-facing technology to create more dynamic, personalized, and connected experiences. The convergence of our streaming tech stack on track for launch mid-year will enable continuous optimization across discovery, personalization, and monetization. Across our streaming products, we are already seeing early momentum through new features like enhanced mobile experiences and short-form video clips, designed to deepen engagement and increase frequency. As part of this evolution, this

=== [ER] edgar_0002041610-26-000008_991.htm ===
EX-99 2 ex99_q425.htm EX-99 Document Exhibit 99 February 25, 2026 Summary Points For 2026, we continue to expect total revenue of $30 billion, representing 4% year-over-year growth, with DTC being the primary driver, and Adj. EBITDA 1 of $3.8 billion. DTC revenue grew 10% year-over-year in Q4, fueled by 17% growth at Paramount+, and we expect acceleration into 2026, driven by continued investment in premium storytelling, including the UFC, Marshals , The Madison , The Agency , Star Trek Strange New Worlds , and more we ended the year with 79 million paid subscribers. Through our Paramount One initiative, we are activating the full strength of our platforms to amplify priority campaigns and tentpole events as demonstrated by the hugely successful launch of the UFC on Paramount+ in January. We are firmly on track to deliver at least $3 billion in efficiencies through 2027, with more than $2.5 billion in run-rate efficiencies expected by the end of 2026. We are making focused investments in technology and innovation across our streaming business to enhance our product and overall offering, recognizing that sustainable growth is driven not only by what audiences watch, but by the quality of the end-to-end user experience. Fellow shareholders, In August, we launched the new Paramount with three North Star priorities 1) investing in our growth businesses anchored by our creative engines and exceptional storytelling 2) scaling our direct-to-consumer business globally and 3) driving efficiency enterprise-wide with a focus on long-term free cash flow generation. Over the past six months, we have made meaningful progress across each of these areas and remain confident in the path we ve set to transform this storied company for the future. Supercharging Our Creative Engine As a storytelling company our mission is to entertain audiences around the world with the best films, television series, sports, news, and games. We continue to advance this mission by expanding our world-class roster of talent, strengthening our creative engines, and building a stronger slate across 1 Non-GAAP measures are detailed in the Supplemental Disclosures at the end of this letter. 1 film, television, and streaming. We firmly believe that human talent and ingenuity will continue to be the driving factor in creating amazing stories, and with the innovation we re seeing in AI today, our goal is to provide storytellers the best tools available to help bring their ideas to life. At the same time, we re ardent defenders of intellectual property rights, as evidenced by our prompt cease-and-desist to prevent the use of our intellectual property (IP) in the content Seedance 2.0 creates. Our ambition is to be the home for the industry s leading talent, both in front of and behind the camera. To that end, we have welcomed a growing roster of exceptional creatives - and we are incredibly grateful to them and all of the directors, producers, writers, editors and crew whose talent and dedication drive our success every day. In December, we signed a first-look, three-year film and TV producing deal with Jon M. Chu , whose films include Wicked For Good , which saw the biggest global opening ever for a movie based on a Broadway show, Crazy Rich Asians , the highest-grossing romantic comedy in nearly a decade, and many others. We signed a multi-year first-look film and TV producing deal with Issa Rae , the creator of Insecure . And most recently, Paramount Pictures signed a three-year first-look directing and producing deal with filmmaker Dan Trachtenberg , best known for the hit sci-fi thriller 10 Cloverfield Lane and for revitalizing the Predator franchise. Paramount Television Studios also signed an overall deal with Ashley Lyle and Bart Nickerson , the creative forces behind the Yellowjackets series. Paramount s commitment to delivering quality storytelling that will resonate with audiences worldwide and drive sustainable growth is also reflected in our increased output, with 11 films and 11 new series greenlit since August. We have 15+ films currently dated for 2026 up from 8 releases in 2025. Among them are the seventh installment of the Scream franchise, premiering in theaters February 27 concert film Billie Eilish HIT ME HARD AND SOFT THE TOUR (LIVE IN 3D) , directed by James Cameron and Eilish Scary Movie , part of Paramount s first-look deal with Miramax an Untitled Jackass Film with Johnny Knoxville PAW Patrol The Dino Movie , the third film installment of the hit franchise Ebenezer A Christmas Carol starring Johnny Depp Street Fighter , in partnership with Legendary Entertainment the Untitled John Tuggle Project starring David Corenswet and Isabel May and Gina Prince-Bythewood s Children of Blood and Bone , based on the best-selling YA book series. We will continue to build our slate into 2027 and beyond, including a new, untitled James Wan Jason Blum Oren Peli Paranormal Activity movie the third installment of the A Quiet Place franchise Sonic the Hedgehog 4 , in partnership with SEGA and a forthcoming Call of Duty film adaptation in partnership with Activision . Paramount Television Studios upcoming series debuts include Taylor Sheridan s newest creations, Marshals , which premieres on CBS on March 1 and will be on Paramount+ the next day in the U.S. and first-run in many international markets, and The Madison , starring Michelle Pfeiffer and Kurt Russell, also debuting on Paramount+ on March 14. These join season five of fan favorite Emily in Paris on Netflix, season two of the hit series Cross for Prime Video, and season three of School Spirits on Paramount+. 2 A core strength of Paramount is our ability to leverage our IP across our ecosystem, maximizing its creative and commercial potential. This integrated approach allows us to amplify our stories across film, television, streaming, live experiences, publishing, and consumer products. Through our newly launched Paramount One initiative, we re able to align our businesses enterprise-wide to cross-promote priority campaigns and tentpole events. In doing so, we mobilize the full power of our platforms behind these priorities, as we did with the hugely successful launch of the UFC, which became the platform s largest exclusive live event to date, reaching approximately 7 million households in the U.S. and Latin America. This success was propelled by high-impact promotional spots across our CBS properties, including during THE NFL ON CBS s record-breaking Thanksgi

=== [ER] edgar_0002041610-25-000042_991.htm ===
EX-99 2 ex99_q325.htm EX-99 Document Exhibit 99 November 10, 2025 Summary Points In the first 100 days, we have taken significant steps to align our business around our North Star priorities 1) investing in our growth businesses anchored by our creative engines and exceptional storytelling 2) scaling our direct-to-consumer business globally and, 3) driving efficiency enterprise-wide with a focus on long-term free cash flow generation. We have taken early but meaningful steps towards advancing these priorities, including key leadership hires, high-impact partnerships, increased investment in our studios, and driving efficiency across the organization. True to our mission as a creative company, we are committed to increasing our creative output with more high-quality films, TV series, sports, news, and games to growing audiences worldwide. We are investing significantly in our DTC business, our top priority both content and critical back-end tech upgrades to quickly reach scale in engagement, which will drive subscribers, revenue, and profit, with a more balanced, year-round programming strategy and a focus on profitable growth. On a full-year basis, we expect DTC to be profitable in 2025 with growth in profitability in 2026. For 2026, we expect total revenue of $30 billion, led by a healthy acceleration in DTC revenue with global profitability. We expect 2026 adj. OIBDA 1 of $3.5 billion and are increasing our run-rate efficiency target from $2 billion to at least $3 billion. Fellow shareholders, Nearly 100 days have passed since we launched the new Paramount, and we are pleased with the progress to date. Our goal in bringing together Paramount and Skydance was to honor a company with over a century of storied history and profound cultural impact, while transforming it for the future through investments in exceptional storytelling, innovative technology, and strategic growth opportunities that will shape the next era of entertainment. Today, we are confident we are on the right path taking the necessary steps to build a stronger, more enduring company for the future. Our conviction stems in large part from owning an extraordinary portfolio of world-class brands and assets, including Paramount Pictures, Paramount Television Studios, CBS Television Network, CBS Studios, CBS News, CBS Sports, TV Stations and Syndication, Paramount+, Pluto TV, Nickelodeon, MTV, 1 Non-GAAP measures are detailed in the Supplemental Disclosures at the end of this letter. 1 BET, Comedy Central, Showtime, and Skydance s Animation, Film, Television, Interactive Games, and Sports divisions. This diverse and powerful lineup uniquely positions us to drive future growth and engage expanding audiences around the globe. It also gives us the scale, diversity, and reach needed to thrive amid disruption. Our industry is undergoing a generational transformation, and at Paramount, we are determined not only to adapt, but to lead competing with the best in media and entertainment. Our vision is to transform Paramount into the global home of world-class storytelling, powered by one of the industry s most storied studios, the leading broadcast network, and a global, scaled streaming platform that delivers must-watch programming to audiences everywhere. To achieve this, we must ensure our organization is built to operate at its full potential equipped with the right tools, resources, and talent, and focused on driving sustainable, long-term growth. With this in mind, on Day 1 we identified our North Star priorities areas where we see the greatest opportunity to invest, innovate, and drive meaningful progress Investing in our growth businesses anchored by our creative engines and exceptional storytelling Scaling our direct-to-consumer business globally Driving efficiency enterprise-wide with a focus on long-term free cash flow generation Over the past three months, we have taken early but meaningful steps to advance these priorities making key leadership hires, pursuing high-impact partnerships to deliver even more exceptional stories, sports, and news to our audiences, expanding our world-class roster of creative talent, reigniting performance across our studios, maximizing the value of our highly profitable CBS portfolio, and streamlining overlapping functions to drive efficiency across the organization. Through it all, we ve stayed true to our guiding purpose storytelling. Supercharging Our Creative Engine At Paramount, we are and always will be a creative company. Storytelling remains the heart and soul of everything we do. Our mission is to entertain audiences around the world with the best films, television series, sports, news, and games, and we re committed to continuing to invest boldly in this core strength. This starts with talent . We re proud to have a best-in-class roster of creative talent, both in front of and behind the camera. Recent highlights include our five-year exclusive deal with Matt Stone and Trey Parker, co-creators of South Park the top acquisition driver on Paramount+ in Q3 a four-year exclusive pact with the Duffer Brothers, the duo behind the global phenomenon Stranger Things , that includes feature films, television, and streaming projects starting in 2026 an overall film deal with five-time Oscar-nominated filmmaker James Mangold a first-look television deal with Jessica Biel and Michelle Purple s Iron Ocean Productions a renewed partnership with The Conjuring franchise s Walter Hamada as well as a new horror thriller label for Paramount Pictures in collaboration with Weapons producers J.D. Lifshitz and Raphael Margules of BoulderLight Pictures. We also signed a landmark film partnership with Activision to produce Call of Duty, one of the most successful video games of all time uniting legendary director Peter Berg with visionary writer and 2 creator Taylor Sheridan. While our contract with Sheridan will conclude at the end of 2028, we look forward to continuing our strong partnership over the next several years. We ve also taken important steps to streamline our studio and distribution operations under unified leadership . We merged Showtime MTV Entertainment Studios, Nickelodeon Live Action, and Skydance Television to form the revitalized Paramount Television Studios. In parallel, our media networks have been restructured under one leadership team to combine CBS s prolific broadcast and studios business across entertainment, sports, and news with iconic cable brands and platforms such a