=== ARE_2026-01-26.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Overview The following risk factors may adversely affect our overall business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows; our ability to make distributions to our stockholders; our access to capital; or the market price of our common stock, as further described in each risk factor below. In addition to the information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, one should carefully review and consider the information contained in our other reports and periodic filings that we make with the SEC. Those risk factors could materially affect our overall business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows; our ability to make distributions to our stockholders; our access to capital; or the market price of our common stock. The risks that we describe in our public filings are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently consider immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additional information regarding forward-looking statements is included in the beginning of Part I in this annual report on Form 10-K. Risk factors summary An investment in our securities involves various risks. Such risks, including those set forth in the summary of material risks in this Item 1A, should be carefully considered before purchasing our securities. Risks related to operating factors • We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions, investments, or development or redevelopment projects or to successfully and profitably operate properties. • We could default on our ground leases or be unable to renew or re-lease our land or space on favorable terms or at all. Our tenants may also be unable to pay us rent. • The cost of maintaining and improving the quality of our properties may be higher than anticipated, and we may be unable to pass any increased operating costs through to our tenants, which can result in reduced cash flows and profitability. • We could be held liable for environmental damages resulting from our tenants’ use of hazardous materials, or from harmful mold, poor air quality, or other defects from our properties, or we could face increased costs in complying with other environmental laws. • The loss of services of any of our senior officers or key employees and increased competition for skilled personnel could adversely affect us and/or increase our labor costs. • We rely on a limited number of vendors to provide utilities and other services at our properties, and disruption in such services may have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. • Our insurance policies may not adequately cover all of our potential losses, or we may incur costs due to the financial condition of our insurance carriers. • We may change business policies without stockholder approval. • Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business. • If we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would be taxed at corporate rates and would not be able to take certain deductions when computing our taxable income. • We may not be able to raise sufficient capital to fund our operations due to adverse changes in our credit ratings, our inability to refinance our existing debt or issue new debt, or our inability to sell existing real estate and non-real estate assets timely or at optimal prices. • We may invest or spend the net proceeds from our equity or debt offerings in ways with which our investors may not agree and in ways that may not earn a profit. • Our debt service obligations may restrict our ability to engage in some business activities or cause other adverse effects on our business. • We face risks and liabilities associated with our investments (including those in connection with short-term liquid investments) and the companies in which we invest (including properties owned through partnerships, limited liability companies, and joint ventures, as well as through our non-real estate venture investment portfolio), which expose us to risks similar to those of our tenant base and additional risks inherent in venture capital investing. We may be limited in our ability to diversify or monetize our investments. Risks related to market and industry factors • There are limits on ownership of our stock under which a stockholder may lose beneficial ownership of its shares, as well as certain provisions of our charter and bylaws that may delay or prevent transactions that otherwise may be desirable to our stockholders. • Possible future sales of shares of our common stock could adversely affect its market price. • We are dependent on the health of the life science industry, and changes within this industry, increased competition, or the inability of our tenants and non-real estate equity investments within this industry to obtain funding for research, development, and other operations may adversely impact their ability to make rental payments to us or adversely impact their value. 8 • Market disruption and volatility, poor economic conditions in the capital markets and global economy, including in connection with a widespread pandemic or outbreak of a highly infectious or contagious disease, and tight labor markets could adversely affect the value of the companies in which we hold equity investments or the ability of tenants and the companies in which we invest to continue operations, raise additional capital, or access capital from venture capital investors or financial institutions on favorable terms or at all. Risks related to government and global factors • Actions, policy, or key leadership changes in government agencies, or changes to laws or regulations, including those related to tax, accounting, debt, derivatives, government spending, or funding (including those related to the FDA, the NIH, the SEC, and other agencies), support of early stage research, FDA effectiveness, tariffs, and drug and healthcare pricing, costs, and programs could have a significant negative impact on the overall economy, our tenants and companies in which we invest, and our business. • Partial or complete government shutdown resulting in temporary closures of agencies could adversely affect our tenants (some of which are also government agencies) and the companies in which we invest, including delays in the commercialization of such companies’ products, decreased funding of research and development (“R&D”), or delays surrounding approval of budget proposals. • The outbreak of any highly infectious or contagious disease could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations, and/or that of our tenants and non-real estate investments. Risks related to general and other factors • Social, political, and economic instability, unrest, significant changes, and other circumstances beyond our control, including circumstances related to changes in the U.S. political landscape, could adversely affect our business operations. • Seasonal weather conditions, climate change and severe weather, changes in the availability of transportation or labor, and other related factors may affect our ability to conduct business, the products and services of our tenants, or the availability of such products and services of our tenants and the companies in which we invest. • We may be unable to meet our sustainability goals. • Changes in privacy and information security laws, regulations, policies, and contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, or our failure to comply with such requirements, could subject us to fines or penalties or increase our cost of doing business, compliance risks, and potential liability and otherwise adversely affect our business or results of operations. • System failures or security incidents through cyberattacks, intrusions, or other methods could disrupt our information technology networks, enterprise applications, and related systems, cause a loss of assets or data, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which could result in substantial reputational damage and adversely affect our business and financial condition. • The enactment of legislation, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”), may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We attempt to mitigate the foregoing risks. However, if we are unable to effectively manage the impact of these and other risks, our ability to meet our investment objectives may be substantially impaired and any of the foregoing risks could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, or the market price of our common stock. 9 Operating factors We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions and successfully operate acquired properties. We continually evaluate the market of available properties and may acquire properties when opportunities exist. Our ability to acquire properties on favorable terms and successfully operate them may be exposed to significant risks, including, but not limited to, the following: • We may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other real estate investors with significant capital, including both publicly traded REITs and institutional funds. • Even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price or result in other less favorable terms. • Even if we enter into agreements for the acquisition of properties, these agreements are subject to customary conditions to closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction. • We may be unable to complete an acquisition because we cannot obtain debt and/or equity financing on favorable terms or at all. • We may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties. • We may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of operating properties or portfolios of properties, into our existing operations. • Acquired properties may be subject to tax reassessment, which may result in higher-than-expected property tax payments. • Market conditions may result in higher-than-expected vacancy rates and lower-than-expected rental rates. • We may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities, such as liabilities for the remediation of undisclosed environmental contamination; claims by tenants, vendors, or other persons dealing with the former owners of the properties; and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers, and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. The realization of any of the above risks could significantly and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, the market price of our common stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. We may suffer economic harm as a result of making unsuccessful acquisitions in new markets. We may pursue selective acquisitions of properties in markets where we have not previously owned properties. These acquisitions may entail risks in addition to those we face in other acquisitions where we are familiar with the markets, such as the risk of not correctly anticipating conditions or trends in a new market and therefore not being able to generate profit from the acquired property. If this occurs, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations, and the market price of our common stock. The acquisition or development of new properties may give rise to difficulties in predicting revenue potential. We may continue to acquire additional properties and/or land and may seek to develop our existing land holdings strategically as warranted by market conditions. These acquisitions and developments could fail to perform in accordance with expectations. If we fail to accurately estimate occupancy levels, rental rates, lease commencement dates, operating costs, or costs of improvements to bring an acquired property or a development property up to the standards established for our intended market position, the performance of the property may be below expectations. Acquired properties may have characteristics or deficiencies affecting their valuation or revenue potential that we have not yet discovered. We cannot assure our stockholders that the performance of properties acquired or developed by us will increase or be maintained under our management. We may fail to achieve the financial results expected from development or redevelopment projects. There are significant risks associated with development and redevelopment projects, including, but not limited to, the following possibilities: • We may not complete development or redevelopment projects on schedule or within budgeted amounts. • We may be unable to lease development or redevelopment projects on schedule or within projected amounts. • We may encounter project delays or cancellations due to unavailability of necessary labor and construction materials. • We may expend funds on, and devote management’s time to, development and redevelopment projects that we may not complete. • We may abandon development or redevelopment projects after we begin to explore them, and as a result, we may lose deposits or fail to recover costs already incurred. • Market and economic conditions may deteriorate, which can result in lower-than-expected rental rates. 10 • We may face higher operating costs than we anticipated for development or redevelopment projects, including insurance premiums, utilities, security, real estate taxes, and costs of complying with changes in government regulations or increases in tariffs. • We may face higher requirements for capital improvements than we anticipated for development or redevelopment projects, particularly in older structures. • We may be unable to proceed with development or redevelopment projects because we cannot obtain debt and/or equity financing on favorable terms or at all. • We may fail to retain tenants that have pre-leased our development or redevelopment projects if we do not complete the construction of these properties in a timely manner or to the tenants’ specifications. • Tenants that have pre-leased our development or redevelopment projects may file for bankruptcy or become insolvent, or otherwise elect to terminate their lease prior to delivery, which may adversely affect the income produced by, and the value of, our properties or require us to change the scope of the project, which may potentially result in higher construction costs, significant project delays, or lower financial returns. • We may encounter delays, refusals, unforeseen cost increases, and other impairments resulting from third-party litigation, natural disasters, or severe weather conditions. • We may encounter delays or refusals in obtaining all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, and other required government permits and authorizations. • We may be unable to proceed with our development or redevelopment projects as anticipated due to changing zoning, land use, building, occupancy, or other government codes or regulations. • Development or redevelopment projects may have defects we do not discover through our inspection processes, including latent defects that may not reveal themselves until many years after we put a property in service. The realization of any of the above risks could significantly and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, the market price of our common stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. We may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in commodity and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of and returns on our construction projects. The price of commodities and skilled labor for our construction projects may increase unpredictably due to external factors, including, but not limited to, performance of third-party suppliers and contractors; overall market supply and demand; inflationary pricing; government regulation; international trade; and changes in general business, economic, or political conditions. As a result, the costs of raw construction materials and skilled labor required for the completion of our development and redevelopment projects may fluctuate significantly from time to time. We rely on a number of third-party suppliers and contractors to supply raw materials and skilled labor for our construction projects. We believe we have favorable relationships with our suppliers and contractors. We have not encountered significant difficulty collaborating with our suppliers and contractors and obtaining materials and skilled labor, nor experienced significant delays due to disputes, work stoppages, or contractors’ misconduct or failure to perform. While we do not rely on any single supplier or vendor for the majority of our materials and skilled labor, we may experience difficulties obtaining necessary materials from suppliers or vendors whose supply chains might become impacted by economic or political changes, or difficulties obtaining adequate skilled labor from third-party contractors in a tightening labor market. It is uncertain whether we would be able to source the essential commodities, supplies, materials, and skilled labor timely or at all without incurring significant costs or delays, particularly during times of economic uncertainty resulting from events outside of our control. We may be forced to purchase supplies and materials in larger quantities or in advance of when we would typically purchase them. This may cause us to require use of capital sooner than anticipated. Alternatively, we may also be forced to seek new third-party suppliers or contractors, whom we have not worked with in the past, and it is uncertain whether these new suppliers will be able to adequately meet our materials or labor needs. Our dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners may adversely affect the cost and timely completion of our construction projects. In addition, we may be unable to compete with entities that may have more favorable relationships with their suppliers and contractors or greater access to the required construction materials and skilled labor. In addition, new climate change-related initiatives entered into by the U.S. government in collaboration with partner countries through global climate agreements may impose stricter requirements for building materials, such as lumber, steel, and concrete, which could significantly increase our construction costs if the manufacturers and suppliers of our materials are burdened with expensive cap- and-trade or similar regulations or requirements, and the costs of which are passed onto customers like us. As a result of the factors discussed above, we may be unable to complete our development or redevelopment projects timely and/or within our budget, which may affect our ability to lease space to potential tenants and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 11 If we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers and contractors, the quality and status of our construction projects may be adversely affected. We believe we have favorable relationships with our existing suppliers and contractors, and we generally have not encountered difficulty collaborating with and obtaining materials and skilled labor, nor experienced significant delays or increases in overall project costs due to disputes, work stoppages, or contractors’ misconduct or failure to perform. However, it is possible we may experience these events in the future, or our existing suppliers and contractors may encounter supply chain disruptions from time to time that hinder their ability to supply necessary materials and labor to us. As a result, we may be forced to seek new resources for our construction needs. We may become reliant on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners, which may cause uncertainty in the quality, cost, and timely completion of our construction projects. Our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient network of qualified suppliers who can adequately meet our construction timing and quality standards can be a significant challenge, particularly in the event of global supply chain disruptions. If we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of suppliers and contractors who can appropriately address our construction needs, we may experience disruptions in our suppliers’ logistics or supply chain networks or information technology systems, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers’ control. If we are unable to access materials and labor to complete our construction projects within our expected budgets and meet our tenants’ demands and expectations in a timely and efficient manner, our results of operations, cash flows, and reputation may be adversely impacted. Our tenants may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in commodity and labor prices or the prices or availability of specialized materials or equipment, or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions of such items, which may adversely affect their businesses or financial condition. Our tenants are generally subject to the same generalized risks of commodity and labor price increases and supply chain or procurement as we and many other companies are. A number of our tenants, however, are also involved in highly specialized research or manufacturing activities that may require unique or custom chemical or biologic materials or sophisticated specialty equipment that is not widely available and therefore may be particularly susceptible to supply chain disruption. In addition, these tenants may have complex supply chains due to their specialized activities that are subject to stringent government regulations, which may further hinder their access to necessary materials and equipment. While we are not aware of such issues materially affecting our tenants to date, it is possible that these issues may affect our tenants adversely in the future. We could default on leases for land on which some of our properties are located or held for future development. If we default under the terms of a ground lease obligation, we may lose the ownership rights to the property subject to the lease. Prior to the expiration of a ground lease and all of its options, we may not be able to renegotiate a new lease on favorable terms, if at all. The loss of the ownership rights to these properties or an increase in rental expense could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our stockholders, as well as the market price of our common stock. Refer to “ Ground lease obligations ” under “ Item 7. Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ” in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information on our ground lease obligations. We may not be able to operate properties successfully and profitably. Our success depends in large part upon our ability to operate our properties successfully. If we are unable to do so, our business could be adversely affected. The ownership and operation of real estate is subject to many risks that may adversely affect our business and our ability to make payments to our stockholders, including, but not limited to, the following risks: • Our properties may not perform as we expect. • We may have to lease space at rates below our expectations. • We may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms. • We may not be able to acquire or sell properties when desired or needed due to the illiquid nature of real estate assets. • We may underestimate the cost of improvements required to maintain or improve space to meet standards established for the market position intended for that property. • We may not be able to complete improvements required to maintain or improve space due to unanticipated delays, significant cost increases by our vendors, or cancellation of construction resulting from shortages in the supply of necessary construction materials. The realization of any of the above risks could significantly and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, the market price of our common stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. 12 We may experience increased operating costs, which may reduce profitability to the extent that we are unable to pass those costs through to our tenants. Our properties are subject to increases in operating expenses, including insurance, property taxes, utilities, administrative costs, and other costs associated with security, landscaping, and repairs and maintenance of our properties. As of December 31, 2025 , approximately 92% of our leases (on an annual rental revenue basis) were triple net leases, which require tenants to pay substantially all real estate and other rent-related taxes, insurance, utilities, security, common area expenses, and other operating expenses (including increases thereto) in addition to base rent. Our operating expenses may increase as a result of tax reassessments that our properties are subject to on a regular basis (annually, triennially, etc.), which may result in increases in property taxes as property values increase over time. In California, however, pursuant to the existing state law commonly referred to as Proposition 13, properties are generally reassessed to market value at the time of change in ownership or completion of construction; thereafter, annual property reassessments are limited to 2% of previously assessed values. As a result, Proposition 13 generally results in significant below-market assessed values over time. From time to time, lawmakers and political coalitions initiate efforts to repeal or amend Proposition 13 to eliminate its application to commercial and industrial properties, which, if successful, may prohibit or limit the passing of increased property tax assessments onto tenants. Our triple net leases allow us to pass through, among other costs, substantially all real estate and rent-related taxes to our tenants in the form of tenant recoveries. Consequently, as a result of our triple net leases, we do not expect potential increases on property taxes as a result of tax reassessments to significantly impact our operating results. We cannot be certain, however, that we will be able to continue to negotiate pass-through provisions related to taxes in tenant leases in the future, or that higher pass-through expenses will not lead to lower base rents in the long run as a result of tenants’ not being able to absorb higher overall occupancy costs. Thus, the repeal of or amendment to Proposition 13 could lead to a decrease in our income from rentals over time. If our operating expenses increase without a corresponding increase in revenues, our profitability could diminish. In addition, we cannot be certain that increased costs will not lead our current or prospective tenants to seek space outside of the state of California, which could significantly hinder our ability to increase our rents or to maintain existing occupancy levels. The repeal of or amendment to Proposition 13 in California may significantly increase occupancy costs for some of our tenants and may adversely impact their financial condition, ability to make rental payments, and ability to renew lease agreements, which in turn could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, compliance with various laws passed in California and other states in which we conduct business may result in cost increases due to new constraints on our business and the effects of potential non-compliance by us or third-party service providers. Any changes in connection with compliance could be time consuming and expensive, while failure to timely implement required changes could subject us to liability for non-compliance, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Most of our costs, such as operating and general and administrative expenses, interest expense, and real estate acquisition and construction costs, are subject to inflation. As of December 31, 2025 , approximately 97% of our leases (on an annual rental revenue basis) contained effective annual rent escalations approximating 3% that were either fixed or indexed based on the CPI or another index. We have long-term lease agreements with our tenants, of which 3% – 12% (based on occupied RSF) expire each year. We believe that these annual lease expirations allow us to reset these leases to market rents upon renewal or re-leasing and that annual rent escalations within our long- term leases are generally sufficient to offset 

=== ARE_2026-04-27.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk factors” in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 . ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Purchases of equity securities On December 8, 2025 , we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program that allows the repurchase of shares with an aggregate value of up to $500.0 million through December 31, 2026 in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise, in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations, including Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. This new program replaced our prior stock repurchase program. As of the date of this report, no repurchases have been made under the new program and $500.0 million remains available for future share repurchases. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Disclosure of 10b5-1 plans During the three months ended March 31, 2026 , none of our officers or directors adopted or terminated any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. ” 119 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Exhibit Title Incorporated by Reference to: Date Filed 3.1* Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Company, dated May 21, 1997 Form 10-Q August 14, 1997 3.2* Certificate of Correction of the Company, dated June 20, 1997 Form 10-Q August 14, 1997 3.3* Articles of Amendment of the Company, effective as of May 10, 2017 Form 8-K May 12, 2017 3.4* Articles of Amendment of the Company, effective as of May 18, 2022 Form 8-K May 19, 2022 3.5* Articles Supplementary, dated June 9, 1999, relating to the 9.50% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Form 10-Q August 13, 1999 3.6* Articles Supplementary, dated February 10, 2000, relating to the election to be subject to Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the Maryland General Corporation Law Form 8-K February 10, 2000 3.7* Articles Supplementary, dated February 10, 2000, relating to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock Form 8-K February 10, 2000 3.8* Articles Supplementary, dated January 18, 2002, relating to the 9.10% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Form 8-A January 18, 2002 3.9* Articles Supplementary, dated June 22, 2004, relating to the 8.375% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Form 8-A June 28, 2004 3.10* Articles Supplementary, dated March 25, 2008, relating to the 7.00% Series D Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Form 8-K March 25, 2008 3.11* Articles Supplementary, dated March 12, 2012, relating to the 6.45% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Form 8-K March 14, 2012 3.12* Articles Supplementary, effective as of May 10, 2017, relating to Reclassified Preferred Stock Form 8-K May 12, 2017 3.13* Articles Supplementary, effective as of March 31, 2026, relating to Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the Maryland General Corporation Law Form 8-K March 31, 2026 3.14* Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (Amended December 6, 2024) Form 8-K December 9, 2024 4.1* Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025, among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., as issuer, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee Form 8-K February 13, 2025 4.2* Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of February 25, 2026, by and among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., as Issuer, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee Form 8-K February 25, 2026 4.3* Form of 5.25% Senior Note due 2036 (included in Exhibit 4.2 above) Form 8-K February 25, 2026 22.1 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries of the Company N/A Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 N/A Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 N/A Filed herewith 31.3 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 N/A Filed herewith 32.0 Certification of Principal Executive Officers and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 N/A Filed herewith 101.1 The following materials from the Company’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2026, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025 (unaudited), (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 (unaudited), (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 (unaudited), (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity and Noncontrolling Interests for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 (unaudited), (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 (unaudited), and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) N/A Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File – the cover page from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 is formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.1 N/A Filed herewith (*) Incorporated by reference. (1) Management contract or compensatory arrangement. 120 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on April 27, 2026 . ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC. /s/ Joel S. Marcus Joel S. Marcus Executive Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Peter M. Moglia Peter M. Moglia Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Marc E. Binda Marc E. Binda Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 