=== ARE_2026-01-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk factors in this annual report on Form 10-K. Available information Copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments to the foregoing reports, are available, free of charge, through our corporate website at www.are.com as soon as is reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The current charters of our Board of Directors Audit, Compensation, and Nominating Governance Committees, along with our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Business Integrity Policy and Procedures for Reporting Non-Compliance (the Business Integrity Policy ), are also available on our corporate website. Additionally, any amendments to, and waivers of, our Business Integrity Policy that apply to our Chief Executive Officer or our Chief Financial Officer will be available free of charge on our corporate website in accordance with applicable SEC and NYSE requirements. Written requests should be sent to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., 26 North Euclid Avenue , Pasadena , California 91101 , Attention: Investor Relations. The public may also download these materials from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 6 Human capital As of December 31, 2025 , we had 514 employees . We place a significant focus on building loyalty and trusted relationships across our workforce. We maintain a Business Integrity Policy that applies to all employees, and its receipt and review by each employee is documented and verified annually. To promote an exceptional corporate culture, Alexandria monitors employee satisfaction, actively seeks feedback, and strives to enhance our benefit offerings to meet the needs of our employees. We conduct annual performance reviews and hold regular meetings through our talent management team to gather insights and drive continuous improvements to the overall employee experience. We recognize that the fundamental strength of Alexandria is driven by the contributions of each team member and that our future growth relies on their continued success. We make substantial efforts to hire, develop, and retain talented employees, and we have an exceptional track record of promoting highly qualified candidates from within the Company. Our executive and senior management teams, represente d by 59 individuals at the senior vice president level and above, have an average of 24 years of real estate experience, including 13 years with Alexandria. Moreover, our executive management team alone averages 15 years of experience with the Company. Alexandria s executive and senior management teams have unique experience and expertise in creating, owning, and operating highly dynamic and collaborative Megacampus ecosystems in key life science cluster locations. These teams include regional market directors with leading reputations and long-standing relationships within the life science community in their respective markets. We believe that our expertise, experience, reputation, and key relationships in the real estate and life science industries provide Alexandria with significant competitive advantages in attracting new business opportunities. Our ability to retain talent further supports our business continuity and leadership stability. From 2021 to 2025 , our voluntary and total turnover rates average d 4.6% and 9.3% , respectively, which are below the REIT industry averages of 12.0% and 17.0% , respectively, as reported in the 2025 Nareit Compensation Benefits Survey (data for 2024 ). Offering robust benefits to support our employees health and overall success We provide a robust benefits package intended to meet and exceed the needs of our employees and their families. Our company-sponsored benefits cover 100% of insurance premiums for both employees and their dependents and include a wide range of offerings, such as a high-coverage, low-deductible preferred provider organization ( PPO ) medical plan, PPO dental and orthodontia coverage, a vision plan, a comprehensive prescription drug program, infertility and family planning benefits, short-term and long-term disability benefits, and life and accidental death and dismemberment coverage. Investing in professional development and training We provide meaningful opportunities for growth and development through a variety of learning opportunities, including development programs that leverage one-on-one support, social learning, instructor-led trainings, on-demand trainings and resources, and a highly utilized mentoring program. Development programs and trainings cover topics such as leadership development, project management, business writing, change management, interviewing, presentations, productivity, goal setting, delegation, communication, and feedback. Our mentoring program enables employees to partner with senior leaders throughout the organization for support and career guidance. 7 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Overview The following risk factors may adversely affect our overall business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows; our ability to make distributions to our stockholders; our access to capital; or the market price of our common stock, as further described in each risk factor below. In addition to the information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, one should carefully review and consider the information contained in our other reports and periodic filings that we make with the SEC. Those risk factors could materially affect our overall business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows; our ability to make distributions to our stockholders; our access to capital; or the market price of our common stock. The risks that we describe in our public filings are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently consider immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additional information regarding forward-looking statements is included in the beginning of Part I in this annual report on Form 10-K. Risk factors summary An investment in our securities involves various risks. Such risks, including those set forth in the summary of material risks in this Item 1A, should be carefully considered before purchasing our securities. Risks related to operating factors We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions, investments, or development or redevelopment projects or to successfully and profitably operate properties. We could default on our ground leases or be unable to renew or re-lease our land or space on favorable terms or at all. Our tenants may also be unable to pay us rent. The cost of maintaining and improving the quality of our properties may be higher than anticipated, and we may be unable to pass any increased operating costs through to our tenants, which can result in reduced cash flows and profitability. We could be held liable for environmental damages resulting from our tenants use of hazardous materials, or from harmful mold, poor air quality, or other defects from our properties, or we could face increased costs in complying with other environmental laws. The loss of services of any of our senior officers or key employees and increased competition for skilled personnel could adversely affect us and/or increase our labor costs. We rely on a limited number of vendors to provide utilities and other services at our properties, and disruption in such services may have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Our insurance policies may not adequately cover all of our potential losses, or we may incur costs due to the financial condition of our insurance carriers. We may change business policies without stockholder approval. Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would be taxed at corporate rates and would not be able to take certain deductions when computing our taxable income. We may not be able to raise sufficient capital to fund our operations due to adverse changes in our credit ratings, our inability to refinance our existing debt or issue new debt, or our inability to sell existing real estate and non-real estate assets timely or at optimal prices. We may invest or spend the net proceeds from our equity or debt offerings in ways with which our investors may not agree and in ways that may not earn a profit. Our debt service obligations may restrict our ability to engage in some business activities or cause other adverse effects on our business. We face risks and liabilities associated with our investments (including those in connection with short-term liquid investments) and the companies in which we invest (including properties owned through partnerships, limited liability companies, and joint ventures, as well as through our non-real estate venture investment portfolio), which expose us to risks similar to those of our tenant base and additional risks inherent in venture capital investing. We may be limited in our ability to diversify or monetize our investments. Risks related to market and industry factors There are limits on ownership of our stock under which a stockholder may lose beneficial ownership of its shares, as well as certain provisions of our charter and bylaws that may delay or prevent transactions that otherwise may be desirable to our stockholders. Possible future sales of shares of our common stock could adversely affect its market price. We are dependent on the health of the life science industry, and changes within this industry, increased competition, or the inability of our tenants and non-real estate equity investments within this industry to obtain funding for research, development, and other operations may adversely impact their ability to make rental payments to us or adversely impact their value. 8 Market disruption and volatility, poor economic conditions in the capital markets and global economy, including in connection with a widespread pandemic or outbreak of a highly infectious or contagious disease, and tight labor markets could adversely affect the value of the companies in which we hold equity investments or the ability of tenants and the companies in which we invest to continue operations, raise additional capital, or access capital from venture capital investors or financial institutions on favorable terms or at all. Risks related to government and global factors Actions, policy, or key leadership changes in government agencies, or changes to laws or regulations, including those related to tax, accounting, debt, derivatives, government spending, or funding (including those related to the FDA, the NIH, the SEC, and other agencies), support of early stage research, FDA effectiveness, tariffs, and drug and healthcare pricing, costs, and programs could have a significant negative impact on the overall economy, our tenants and companies in which we invest, and our business. Partial or complete government shutdown resulting in temporary closures of agencies could adversely affect our tenants (some of which are also government agencies) and the companies in which we invest, including delays in the commercialization of such companies products, decreased funding of research and development ( R D ), or delays surrounding approval of budget proposals. The outbreak of any highly infectious or contagious disease could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations, and/or that of our tenants and non-real estate investments. Risks related to general and other factors Social, political, and economic instability, unrest, significant changes, and other circumstances beyond our control, including circumstances related to changes in the U.S. political landscape, could adversely affect our business operations. Seasonal weather conditions, climate change and severe weather, changes in the availability of transportation or labor, and other related factors may affect our ability to conduct business, the products and services of our tenants, or the availability of such products and services of our tenants and the companies in which we invest. We may be unable to meet our sustainability goals. Changes in privacy and information security laws, regulations, policies, and contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, or our failure to comply with such requirements, could subject us to fines or penalties or increase our cost of doing business, compliance risks, and potential liability and otherwise adversely affect our business or results of operations. System failures or security incidents through cyberattacks, intrusions, or other methods could disrupt our information technology networks, enterprise applications, and related systems, cause a loss of assets or data, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which could result in substantial reputational damage and adversely affect our business and financial condition. The enactment of legislation, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ( IRA ), may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We attempt to mitigate the foregoing risks. However, if we are unable to effectively manage the impact of these and other risks, our ability to meet our investment objectives may be substantially impaired and any of the foregoing risks could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, or the market price of our common stock. 9 Operating factors We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions and successfully operate acquired properties. We continually evaluate the market of available properties and may acquire properties when opportunities exist. Our ability to acquire properties on favorable terms and successfully operate them may be exposed to significant risks, including, but not limited to, the following: We may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other real estate investors with significant capital, including both publicly traded REITs and institutional funds. Even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price or result in other less favorable terms. Even if we enter into agreements for the acquisition of properties, these agreements are subject to customary conditions to closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction. We may be unable to complete an acquisition because we cannot obtain debt and/or equity financing on favorable terms or at all. We may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties. We may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of operating properties or portfolios of properties, into our existing operations. Acquired properties may be subject to tax reassessment, which may result in higher-than-expected property tax payments. Market conditions may result in higher-than-expected vacancy rates and lower-than-expected rental rates. We may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities, such as liabilities for the remediation of undisclosed environmental contamination; claims by tenants, vendors, or other persons dealing with the former owners of the properties; and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers, and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. The realization of any of the above risks could significantly and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, the market price of our common stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. We may suffer economic harm as a result of making unsuccessful acquisitions in new markets. We may pursue selective acquisitions of properties in markets where we have not previously owned properties. These acquisitions may entail risks in addition to those we face in other acquisitions where we are familiar with the markets, such as the risk of not correctly anticipating conditions or trends in a new market and therefore not being able to generate profit from the acquired property. If this occurs, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations, and the market price of our common stock. The acquisition or development of new properties may give rise to difficulties in predicting revenue potential. We may continue to acquire additional properties and/or land and may seek to develop our existing land holdings strategically as warranted by market conditions. These acquisitions and developments could fail to perform in accordance with expectations. If we fail to accurately estimate occupancy levels, rental rates, lease commencement dates, operating costs, or costs of improvements to bring an acquired property or a development property up to the standards established for our intended market position, the performance of the property may be below expectations. Acquired properties may have characteristics or deficiencies affecting their valuation or revenue potential that we have not yet discovered. We cannot assure our stockholders that the performance of properties acquired or developed by us will increase or be maintained under our management. We may fail to achieve the financial results expected from development or redevelopment projects. There are significant risks associated with development and redevelopment projects, including, but not limited to, the following possibilities: We may not complete development or redevelopment projects on schedule or within budgeted amounts. We may be unable to lease development or redevelopment projects on schedule or within projected amounts. We may encounter project delays or cancellations due to unavailability of necessary labor and construction materials. We may expend funds on, and devote management s time to, development and redevelopment projects that we may not complete. We may abandon development or redevelopment projects after we begin to explore them, and as a result, we may lose deposits or fail to recover costs already incurred. Market and economic conditions may deteriorate, which can result in lower-than-expected rental rates. 10 We may face higher operating costs than we anticipated for development or redevelopment projects, including insurance premiums, utilities, security, real estate taxes, and costs of complying with changes in government regulations or increases in tariffs. We may face higher requirements for capital improvements than we anticipated for development or redevelopment projects, particularly in older structures. We may be unable to proceed with development or redevelopment projects because we cannot obtain debt and/or equity financing on favorable terms or at all. We may fail to retain tenants that have pre-leased our development or redevelopment projects if we do not complete the construction of these properties in a timely manner or to the tenants specifications. Tenants that have pre-leased our development or redevelopment projects may file for bankruptcy or become insolvent, or otherwise elect to terminate their lease prior to delivery, which may adversely affect the income produced by, and the value of, our properties or require us to change the scope of the project, which may potentially result in higher construction costs, significant project delays, or lower financial returns. We may encounter delays, refusals, unforeseen cost increases, and other impairments resulting from third-party litigation, natural disasters, or severe weather conditions. We may encounter delays or refusals in obtaining all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, and other required government permits and authorizations. We may be unable to proceed with our development or redevelopment projects as anticipated due to changing zoning, land use, building, occupancy, or other government codes or regulations. Development or redevelopment projects may have defects we do not discover through our inspection processes, including latent defects that may not reveal themselves until many years after we put a property in service. The realization of any of the above risks could significantly and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, the market price of our common stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. We may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in commodity and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of and returns on our construction projects. The price of commodities and skilled labor for our construction projects may increase unpredictably due to external factors, including, but not limited to, performance of third-party suppliers and contractors; overall market supply and demand; inflationary pricing; government regulation; international trade; and changes in general business, economic, or political conditions. As a result, the costs of raw construction materials and skilled labor required for the completion of our development and redevelopment projects may fluctuate significantly from time to time. We rely on a number of third-party suppliers and contractors to supply raw materials and skilled labor for our construction projects. We believe we have favorable relationships with our suppliers and contractors. We have not encountered significant difficulty collaborating with our suppliers and contractors and obtaining materials and skilled labor, nor experienced significant delays due to disputes, work stoppages, or contractors misconduct or failure to perform. While we do not rely on any single supplier or vendor for the majority of our materials and skilled labor, we may experience difficulties obtaining necessary materials from suppliers or vendors whose supply chains might become impacted by economic or political changes, or difficulties obtaining adequate skilled labor from third-party contractors in a tightening labor market. It is uncertain whether we would be able to source the essential commodities, supplies, materials, and skilled labor timely or at all without incurring significant costs or delays, particularly during times of economic uncertainty resulting from events outside of our control. We may be forced to purchase supplies and materials in larger quantities or in advance of when we would typically purchase them. This may cause us to require use of capital sooner than anticipated. Alternatively, we may also be forced to seek new third-party suppliers or contractors, whom we have not worked with in the past, and it is uncertain whether these new suppliers will be able to adequately meet our materials or labor needs. Our dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners may adversely affect the cost and timely completion of our construction projects. In addition, we may be unable to compete with entities that may have more favorable relationships with their suppliers and contractors or greater access to the required construction materials and skilled labor. In addition, new climate change-related initiatives entered into by the U.S. government in collaboration with partner countries through global climate agreements may impose stricter requirements for building materials, such as lumber, steel, and concrete, which could significantly increase our construction costs if the manufacturers and suppliers of our materials are burdened with expensive cap- and-trade or similar regulations or requirements, and the costs of which are passed onto customers like us. As a result of the factors discussed above, we may be unable to complete our development or redevelopment projects timely and/or within our budget, which may affect our ability to lease space to potential tenants and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 11 If we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers and contractors, the quality and status of our construction projects may be adversely affected. We believe we have favorable relationships with our existing suppliers and contractors, and we generally have not encountered difficulty collaborating with and obtaining materials and skilled labor, nor experienced significant delays or increases in overall project costs due to disputes, work stoppages, or contractors misconduct or failure to perform. However, it is possible we may experience these events in the future, or our existing suppliers and contractors may encounter supply chain disruptions from time to time that hinder their ability to supply necessary materials and labor to us. As a result, we may be forced to seek new resources for our construction needs. We may become reliant on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners, which may cause uncertainty in the quality, cost, and timely completion of our construction projects. Our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient network of qualified suppliers who can adequately meet our construction timing and quality standards can be a significant challenge, particularly in the event of global supply chain disruptions. If we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of suppliers and contractors who can appropriately address our construction needs, we may experience disruptions in our suppliers logistics or supply chain networks or information technology systems, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers control. If we are unable to access materials and labor to complete our construction projects within our expected budgets and meet our tenants demands and expectations in a timely and efficient manner, our results of operations, cash flows, and reputation may be adversely impacted. Our tenants may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in commodity and labor prices or the prices or availability of specialized materials or equipment, or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions of such items, which may adversely affect their businesses or financial condition. Our tenants are generally subject to the same generalized risks of commodity and labor price increases and supply chain or procurement as we and many other companies are. A number of our tenants, however, are also involved in highly specialized research or manufacturing activities that may require unique or custom chemical or biologic materials or sophisticated specialty equipment that is not widely available and therefore may be particularly susceptible to supply chain disruption. In addition, these tenants may have complex supply chains due to their specialized activities that are subject to stringent government regulations, which may further hinder their access to necessary materials and equipment. While we are not aware of such issues materially affecting our tenants to date, it is possible that these issues may affect our tenants adversely in the future. We could default on leases for land on which some of our properties are located or held for future development. If we default under the terms of a ground lease obligation, we may lose the ownership rights to the property subject to the lease. Prior to the expiration of a ground lease and all of its options, we may not be able to renegotiate a new lease on favorable terms, if at all. The loss of the ownership rights to these properties or an increase in rental expense could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to our stockholders, as well as the market price of our common stock. Refer to Ground lease obligations under Item 7. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information on our ground lease obligations. We may not be able to operate properties successfully and profitably. Our success depends in large part upon our ability to operate our properties successfully. If we are unable to do so, our business could be adversely affected. The ownership and operation of real estate is subject to many risks that may adversely affect our business and our ability to make payments to our stockholders, including, but not limited to, the following risks: Our properties may not perform as we expect. We may have to lease space at rates below our expectations. We may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms. We may not be able to acquire or sell properties when desired or needed due to the illiquid nature of real estate assets. We may underestimate the cost of improvements required to maintain or improve space to meet standards established for the market position intended for that property. We may not be able to complete improvements required to maintain or improve space due to unanticipated delays, significant cost increases by our vendors, or cancellation of construction resulting from shortages in the supply of necessary construction materials. The realization of any of the above risks could significantly and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, the market price of our common stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. 12 We may experience increased operating costs, which may reduce profitability to the extent that we are unable to pass those costs through to our tenants. Our properties are subject to increases in operating expenses, including insurance, property taxes, utilities, administrative costs, and other costs associated with security, landscaping, and repairs and maintenance of our properties. As of December 31, 2025 , approximately 92% of our leases (on an annual rental revenue basis) were triple net leases, which require tenants to pay substantially all real estate and other rent-related taxes, insurance, utilities, security, common area expenses, and other operating expenses (including increases thereto) in addition to base rent. Our operating expenses may increase as a result of tax reassessments that our properties are subject to on a regular basis (annually, triennially, etc.), which may result in increases in property taxes as property values increase over time. In California, however, pursuant to the existing state law commonly referred to as Proposition 13, properties are generally reassessed to market value at the time of change in ownership or completion of construction; thereafter, annual property reassessments are limited to 2% of previously assessed values. As a result, Proposition 13 generally results in significant below-market assessed values over time. From time to time, lawmakers and political coalitions initiate efforts to repeal or amend Proposition 13 to eliminate its application to commercial and industrial properties, which, if successful, may prohibit or limit the passing of increased property tax assessments onto tenants. Our triple net leases allow us to pass through, among other costs, substantially all real estate and rent-related taxes to our tenants in the form of tenant recoveries. Consequently, as a result of our triple net leases, we do not expect potential increases on property taxes as a result of tax reassessments to significantly impact our operating results. We cannot be certain, however, that we will be able to continue to negotiate pass-through provisions related to taxes in tenant leases in the future, or that higher pass-through expenses will not lead to lower base rents in the long run as a result of tenants not being able to absorb higher overall occupancy costs. Thus, the repeal of or amendment to Proposition 13 could lead to a decrease in our income from rentals over time. If our operating expenses increase without a corresponding increase in revenues, our profitability could diminish. In addition, we cannot be certain that increased costs will not lead our current or prospective tenants to seek space outside of the state of California, which could significantly hinder our ability to increase our rents or to maintain existing occupancy levels. The repeal of or amendment to Proposition 13 in California may significantly increase occupancy costs for some of our tenants and may adversely impact their financial condition, ability to make rental payments, and ability to renew lease agreements, which in turn could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, compliance with various laws passed in California and other states in which we conduct business may result in cost increases due to new constraints on our business and the effects of potential non-compliance by us or third-party service providers. Any changes in connection with compliance could be time consuming and expensive, while failure to timely implement required changes could subject us to liability for non-compliance, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Most of our costs, such as operating and general and administrative expenses, interest expense, and real estate acquisition and construction costs, are subject to inflation. As of December 31, 2025 , approximately 97% of our leases (on an annual rental revenue basis) contained effective annual rent escalations approximating 3% that were either fixed or indexed based on the CPI or another index. We have long-term lease agreements with our tenants, of which 3% 12% (based on occupied RSF) expire each year. We believe that these annual lease expirations allow us to reset these leases to market rents upon renewal or re-leasing and that annual rent escalations within our long- term leases are generally sufficient to offset the effect of inflation on non-recoverable costs, such as general and administrative and interest expenses. However, during inflationary periods in which the inflation rate exceeds the annual rent escalation percentages within our lease contracts, these rate escalations or the resetting of rents from our renewal and re-leasing activities may not adequately offset the impact of inflation. Our operating expenses are incurred in connection with, among others, property-related contracted services such as janitorial and engineering services, utilities, security, repairs and maintenance, and insurance. Property taxes are also impacted by inflationary changes as taxes are regularly reassessed based on changes in the fair value of our properties located outside of California. As discussed previously, in California, property taxes are not reassessed based on changes in the fair value of the underlying real estate asset but are instead limited to a maximum 2% annual increase by law. Our operating expenses, with the exception of ground lease rental expenses, are typically recoverable through our lease arrangements, which allow us to pass through substantially all expenses associated with property taxes, insurance, utilities, security, repairs and maintenance, and other operating expenses (including increases thereto) to our tenants. As of December 31, 2025 , approximately 92% of our existing leases (on an annual rental revenue basis) were triple net leases, which allow us to recover operating expenses, and approximately 92% of our existing leases (on an annual rental revenue basis) also provided for the recapture of capital expenditures. Our remaining leases are generally gross leases, which provide for recoveries of operating expenses above the operating expenses from the initial year within each lease. 13 Due to our ability to largely recover increases in operating expenses from our triple net leases, inflation typically does not have a significant adverse effect on our net operating income, results of operations, and operating cash flows at the property level. However, there is no guarantee that our tenants would be able to absorb these expense increases and to continue to pay us their portion of operating expenses, capital expenditures, and rent, or to be able to continue operating their businesses or conducting research and development activities altogether. Alternatively, our tenants may decide to relocate to areas with lower rent and operating expenses where we may not currently own properties, and, as a result, our tenants may cease leasing properties from us. Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, technology services, and professional service fees. Annually, our employee compensation is adjusted to reflect merit increases; however, to maintain our ability to successfully retain and compete for the best talent, especially in a talent shortage environment, rising inflation rates may require us to provide compensation increases beyond historical annual merit increases, which may unexpectedly and/or significantly increase our compensation costs. Similarly, technology services and professional service fees are also subject to the impact of inflation and generally increase proportionately with increasing market prices for such services. Consequently, inflation may increase our general and administrative expenses over time. During inflationary periods, interest rates have historically increased. For instance, to control the rate of inflation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the U.S. Federal Reserve ) raised its benchmark federal funds rate from nearly zero in March 2022 to a range between 3.50% and 3.75% as of December 31, 2025. Interest rates at elevated levels could increase our financing costs over time, either through near-term borrowings on our variable-rate unsecured senior line of credit and commercial paper program, refinancing of our existing borrowings, or the issuance of new debt. In addition, elevated market interest rates may result in a decrease in the value of our real estate and could also adversely affect the securities markets in general, which could impact the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. Any such unfavorable changes to our borrowing costs and stock price could significantly impact our ability to raise new debt and equity capital going forward. Additionally, inflationary pricing may increase the construction costs necessary to complete our development and redevelopment projects, including, but not limited to, costs of construction materials, labor, and services from third-party contractors and suppliers. These pressures are expected to intensify in 2026 due to tariff driven material cost volatility. Certain increases in the costs of construction materials, however, can often be managed in our development and redevelopment projects through either (i) general budget contingencies built into our overall construction costs estimates for each of our projects or (ii) guaranteed maximum price construction contracts, which stipulate a maximum price for certain construction costs and shift inflation risk to our construction general contractors. However, it is not guaranteed that our budget contingencies would accurately account for potential construction cost increases. Nor is it guaranteed that our general contractors would be able to absorb such increases in costs and complete our construction projects timely, within budget, or at all. We rely on a number of third-party suppliers and contractors to supply raw materials, skilled labor, and services for our construction projects. We have not encountered significant difficulty collaborating with these third-party suppliers and contractors and obtaining materials and skilled labor, nor experienced significant delays or increases in overall project costs due to the factors discussed above. While we do not rely on any single supplier or vendor for the majority of our materials and skilled labor, we may experience difficulties obtaining necessary materials from suppliers or vendors whose supply chains might become impacted by economic or political changes, outmoded technology, aging infrastructure, shortages of shipping containers and/or means of transportation, or difficulties obtaining adequate skilled labor from third-party contractors. It is uncertain whether we would be able to continue to source the essential commodities, supplies, materials, and skilled labor timely or at all without incurring significant costs or delays, particularly during times of economic uncertainty resulting from events outside of our control. Higher construction costs could adversely impact our net investments in real estate and expected yields on our development and redevelopment projects, which may make otherwise lucrative investment opportunities less profitable to us. Historically, during periods of increasing interest rates, real estate valuations have generally decreased as a result of rising capitalization rates which tend to move directionally with interest rates. Consequently, prolonged periods of higher interest rates may negatively impact the valuation of our real estate asset portfolio and lead to higher cost of capital and/or lower sales proceeds from future real estate dispositions. The realization of any of the aforementioned risks could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our stock price and market capitalization, as well as our ability to pay dividends. The cost of maintaining the quality of our properties may be higher than anticipated, which can result in reduced cash flows and profitability. If our properties are not as attractive to current and prospective tenants in terms of rent, services, condition, or location as properties owned by our competitors, we could lose tenants or suffer lower rental rates. As a result, we may, from time to time, be required to make significant capital expenditures to maintain the competitiveness of our properties. However, there can be no assurances that any such expenditures would result in higher occupancy or higher rental rates or deter existing tenants from relocating to properties owned by our competitors. 14 Our inability to renew leases or re-lease space on favorable terms as leases expire may significantly affect our business. Our revenues are derived primarily from rental payments and reimbursement of operating expenses under our leases. If our tenants experience a downturn in their business or other types of financial distress, they may be unable to make timely payments under their leases. In addition, because of the impact to the business environment due to civil unrest, high cost of living, taxes, and other increased region-specific costs of doing business in certain of our markets and submarkets, such as those located in the states of California and Washington, tenants may choose not to renew or re-lease space. Also, if our tenants terminate early or decide not to renew their leases, we may not be able to re-lease the space. Even if tenants decide to renew or lease space, the terms of renewals or new leases, including the cost of any tenant improvements, concessions, and lease commissions, may be less favorable to us than current lease terms. Consequently, we could generate less cash flows from the affected properties than expected, which could negatively impact our business. We may have to divert cash flows generated by other properties to meet our debt service payments, if any, or to pay other expenses related to owning the affected properties. The inability of a tenant to pay us rent could adversely affect our business. Our revenues are derived primarily from rental payments and reimbursement of operating expenses under our leases. If our tenants, especially significant tenants, fail to make rental payments under their leases, our financial condition, cash flows, and ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. Additionally, the inability of the U.S. Congress to enact a budget for a fiscal year or the occurrence of partial or complete U.S. government shutdowns may result in financial difficulties for tenants that are dependent on federal funding, which could adversely affect the ability of those tenants to pay us rent. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant may also adversely affect the income produced by a property. If any of our tenants becomes a debtor in a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, as amended, we cannot evict that tenant solely because of its bankruptcy. The bankruptcy court may authorize the tenant to reject and terminate its lease with us. Our claim against such a tenant for uncollectible future rent would be subject to a statutory limitation that might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed to us under the tenant s lease. Any shortfall in rental payments could adversely affect our cash flows and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We could be held liable for damages resulting from our tenants use of hazardous materials. Many of our tenants engage in research and development activities that involve controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals, and biologic and radioactive compounds. In the event of contamination or injury from the use of these hazardous materials, we could be held liable for damages that result. This liability could exceed our resources and any recovery available through any applicable insurance coverage, which could adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Together with our tenants, we must comply with federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling, and disposal of hazardous materials and waste products. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or changes thereto, could adversely affect our business or our tenants businesses and their ability to make rental payments to us. Our properties may have defects that are unknown to us. Although we thoroughly review the physical condition of our properties before they are acquired, and as they are developed or redeveloped, any of our properties may have characteristics or deficiencies unknown to us that could adversely affect the property s value or revenue potential. Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold or suffer from other air quality issues, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs to remedy the problem. When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold may grow, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources, and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses, and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected property or increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants, employees of our tenants, and others if property damage or health concerns arise. 15 We may not be able to obtain additional capital to further our business objectives. Our ability to acquire, develop, or redevelop properties depends upon our ability to obtain capital. The real estate industry has historically experienced periods of volatile debt and equity capital markets and/or periods of extreme illiquidity. A prolonged period in which we cannot effectively access the public debt and/or equity markets may result in heavier reliance on alternative financing sources such as dispositions and partial interest sales to undertake new investments. An inability to obtain debt and/or equity capital on acceptable terms could delay or prevent us from acquiring, financing, and completing desirable investments and could otherwise adversely affect our business. Also, the issuance of additional shares of capital stock or interests in subsidiaries to fund future operations could dilute the ownership of our then-existing stockholders. Even as liquidity returns to the market, debt and equity capital may be more expensive than in prior years. We may not be able to sell our properties quickly to raise capital. Investments in real estate are relatively illiquid compared to other investments. Accordingly, we may not be able to sell our properties when we desire or at prices acceptable to us in response to changes in macroeconomic or other conditions. In addition, certain of our properties have low tax bases relative to their estimated current market values. As such, the sale of these assets would generate significant taxable gains that may increase our REIT distribution requirement unless we sold such properties in a qualifying tax-deferred exchange under Section 1031 ( Section 1031 Exchange ) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ), or in a similar tax-free or tax-deferred transaction or applied an offsetting tax deduction. For a sale to qualify for tax-deferred treatment under Section 1031, net proceeds from the sale of a property must be held by a third-party escrow agent until applied toward the purchase of a qualifying real estate asset. It is possible we may encounter delays in reinvesting such proceeds, or we may be unable to reinvest such proceeds at all, due to an inability to procure qualifying real estate. Any delay or limitation in using the reinvestment proceeds to acquire additional real estate assets may cause the reinvestment proceeds to become taxable to us. Furthermore, if current laws applicable to such tax-deferred transactions are later amended or repealed, we may no longer be able to sell properties on a tax-deferred basis, which may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the Internal Revenue Code limits our ability to sell properties held for less than two years. These limitations on our ability to sell our properties may adversely affect our cash flows, our ability to repay debt, and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively affect our financing ability. Our credit ratings may affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms and pricing of any debt we may incur. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and/or improve our current credit ratings. In the event that our current credit ratings are downgraded or removed, we would most likely incur higher borrowing costs and experience greater difficulty in obtaining additional financing, which in turn would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity. We may not be able to refinance our debt, and/or our debt may not be assumable. The real estate industry may require more funds to refinance debt maturities than are available from lenders. This potential shortage of available funds from lenders and stricter credit underwriting guidelines may limit our ability to refinance our debt as it matures or may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, and the market price of our common stock. We may not be able to borrow additional amounts through the issuance of unsecured bonds or under our unsecured senior line of credit or commercial paper program. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to access the unsecured bond market on favorable terms. Our ability to borrow additional amounts through the issuance of unsecured bonds may be negatively impacted by periods of illiquidity in the bond market. Aggregate borrowings under our unsecured senior line of credit require compliance with certain financial and non-financial covenants. Borrowings under our unsecured senior line of credit are funded by a group of banks. Our ability to borrow additional amounts under our unsecured senior line of credit and commercial paper program may be negatively impacted by a decrease in cash flows from our properties, a default or cross-default under our unsecured senior line of credit and commercial paper program, non-compliance with one or more loan covenants associated with our unsecured senior line of credit, and non-performance or failure of one or more lenders under our unsecured senior line of credit. In addition, we may not be able to refinance or repay outstanding borrowings on our unsecured senior line of credit or commercial paper program. 16 Our inability to borrow additional amounts on an unsecured basis could delay us in or prevent us from acquiring, financing, and completing desirable investments, which could adversely affect our business; and our inability to refinance or repay amounts under our unsecured senior line of credit or commercial paper program may adversely affect our cash flows, ability to make distributions to our stockholders, financial condition, and results of operations. Our unsecured senior line of credit restricts our ability to engage in certain business activities. Our unsecured senior line of credit contains customary negative covenants and other financial and operating covenants that, among other things: Restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness; Restrict our ability to make certain investments; Restrict our ability to merge with another company; Restrict our ability to make distributions to our stockholders; Require us to maintain financial coverage ratios; and Require us to maintain a pool of qualified unencumbered assets. Complying with these restrictions may prevent us from engaging in certain profitable activities and/or constrain our ability to effectively allocate capital. Failure to comply with these restrictions may result in our defaulting on these and other loans, which would likely have a negative impact on our operations, financial condition, and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Our debt service obligations may have adverse consequences on our business operations. We use debt to finance our operations, including the acquisition, development, and redevelopment of properties. Our use of debt may have adverse consequences, including, but not limited to, the following: Our cash flows from operations may not be sufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. We may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms, to make payments on our debt. If we default on our secured debt obligations, the lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties that secure those loans. A foreclosure on one of our properties could create taxable income without any accompanying cash proceeds to pay the tax. A default under a loan that has cross-default provisions may cause us to automatically default on another loan. We may not be able to refinance or extend our existing debt. The terms of any refinancing or extension may not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt. We may be subject to a significant increase in the variable interest rates on our unsecured senior line of credit, secured construction loan, or commercial paper program, which could adversely impact our cash flows and operations. The terms of our debt obligations may require a reduction in our distributions to stockholders. If our expenses exceed our revenues, we may have to borrow additional funds, and we may not be able to make distributions to our stockholders. If our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to cover our operating expenses, including our debt service obligations and capital expenditures, we may have to borrow additional amounts to cover fixed costs and cash flow needs. This could adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Factors that could adversely affect the revenues we generate from, and the values of, our properties include, but are not limited to: National, local, and worldwide economic and political conditions; Competition from other properties; Changes in the life science industry; Real estate conditions in our target markets; Our ability to collect rental payments; The availability of financing; Changes to the financial and banking industries; Changes in interest rate levels; Vacancies at our properties and our ability to re-lease space; Changes in tax or other regulatory laws; The costs of compliance with government regulation; The lack of liquidity of real estate investments; Increases in operating costs; and Increases in costs to address environmental impacts related to climate change or natural disasters. 17 In addition, if a lease at a property is not a triple net lease, we will have greater exposure to increases in expenses associated with operating that property. Certain significant expenditures, such as mortgage payments, real estate taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs, are generally fixed and do not decrease when revenues at the related property decrease. If we fail to effectively manage our debt obligations, we could become highly leveraged, and our debt service obligations could increase to unsustainable levels. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of debt that we may incur. Therefore, if we fail to prudently manage our capital structure, we could become highly leveraged. This would result in an increase in our debt service obligations that could adversely affect our cash flows and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Higher leverage could also increase the risk of default on our debt obligations or may result in downgrades to our credit ratings. The market price and volatility of our common stock may be adversely affected by our financial performance, our ability to meet market expectations, and a wide range of external factors outside of our control. Our actual financial results may differ materially from expectations and/or the guidance we provide. Failure to meet market expectations, including with respect to earnings estimates, funds from operations per share, operating cash flows, and revenues, or the occurrence of a wide range of operational and external factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, those provided below, has adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect the market price and volatility of our common stock: The status of the economy; Fluctuations due to general market volatility; The condition of the financial and banking industries, disruptions in the banking sector, or failures of financial institutions that we or our tenants may or may not have business relationships with; The availability and cost of debt and/or equity capital and changes in financing terms available to us; Our ability to execute planned asset dispositions at our targeted pricing levels and to effectively reinvest the resulting proceeds in a manner that supports our strategic and financial objectives; Adverse market reaction to any additional debt we incur or equity we raise in the future; General stock and bond market conditions, including changes in interest rates on fixed-income securities, that may lead prospective stockholders to demand a higher annual yield from future dividends; Actual or anticipated capital requirements; The amount and timing of debt maturities and other contractual obligations; The condition of our balance sheet; Actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly or annual operating results, dividends, net income, funds from operations, or guidance; Actual or anticipated changes in rental rates, leasing activity, occupancy levels, or real estate valuations; Our ability to re lease space at similar rates as leases expire; Our ability to successfully complete developments or redevelopments of properties for lease on time and/or within budget; Our ability to procure third party suppliers or providers of necessary construction materials for our developments and redevelopments of properties; Unanticipated difficulties and/or expenditures relating to future acquisitions; Changes in our analyst ratings; Changes in our corporate credit ratings or credit ratings of our debt or other securities; Additions, departures, or other announcements regarding our key management personnel and/or the Board of Directors; Changes in market valuations of similar companies; The publication of research reports and articles (or false or misleading information) about us, our tenants, the real estate industry, or the life science industry; The general reputation of REITs and the attractiveness of their equity securities in comparison to other debt or equity securities (including securities issued by other real estate-based companies); Actions by institutional stockholders; Speculation in the press or investment community; Short selling of our common stock or related derivative securities; The publication or dissemination of opinions, characterizations, or disinformation that are intended to create negative market momentum, including through the use of social media; Risks associated with generative artificial intelligence tools and large language models and the conclusions that these tools and models may draw about our business and prospects in connection with the dissemination of negative opinions, characterizations, or disinformation; Government regulatory action and changes in tax laws; Fiscal policies or inaction at the U.S. federal government level that may lead to federal government shutdowns or negative impacts on the U.S. economy; Negative developments in the operating results or financial condition of tenants, including, but not limited to, their ability to pay rent; Regulatory approval and market acceptance of the products and technologies of tenants; 18 Liability or contract claims by or against tenants; Environmental laws affecting our properties; Changes in rules or practices governing our financial reporting; Other legal and operational matters, including REIT qualification and key management personnel recruitment and retention; Global market factors adversely affecting the U.S. economic and political environment; Terrorist activity adversely affecting the markets in which our securities trade, possibly increasing market volatility and causing the further erosion of business and consumer confidence and spending; and The realization of any of the other risk factors included in this annual report on Form 10-K. Any of these factors may adversely affect the market price and volatility of our common stock. Possible future sales of shares of our common stock could adversely affect its market price. We cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of shares of our common stock or the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of capital stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. Refer to Other sources under Item 7. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this annual report on Form 10-K. We have reserved a number of shares of common stock for issuance to our directors, officers, and employees pursuant to our Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (sometimes referred to herein as our equity incentive plan ). We have filed a registration statement with respect to the issuance of shares of our common stock pursuant to grants under our equity incentive plan. In addition, any shares issued under our equity incentive plan will be available for sale in the public market from time to time without restriction by persons who are not our affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 adopted under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). Affiliates will be able to sell shares of our common stock subject to restrictions under Rule 144. Our distributions to stockholders may decline at any time. Our Board of Directors determines future distributions based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: The amount of net cash provided by operating activities available for distribution; Our financial condition and capital requirements; Any decision to reinvest funds rather than to distribute such funds; Our capital expenditures; The annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code; Restrictions under Maryland law; and Other factors our Board of Directors deems relevant. On December 3, 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.72 per common share for the fourth quarter of 2025, representing a $0.60, or 45%, reduction from the dividend declared for the third quarter of 202 5. Our Board of Directors may reduce or suspend our quarterly dividends in the future. Any further reduction in distributions to stockholders may further negatively impact our stock price. Distributions on our common stock may be made in the form of cash, stock, or a combination of both. As a REIT, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our taxable income to our stockholders. Typically, we generate cash for distributions through our operations, the disposition of assets, including partial interest sales, or the incurrence of additional debt. Our Board of Directors may determine in the future to pay dividends on our common stock in cash, in shares of our common stock, or in a combination of cash and shares of our common stock. For example, we may declare dividends payable in cash or stock at the election of each stockholder, subject to a limit on the aggregate cash that could be paid. Any such dividends would be distributed in a manner intended to count in full toward the satisfaction of our annual distribution requirements and to qualify for the dividends paid deduction. While the IRS privately has ruled that such a dividend would so qualify if certain requirements are met, no assurances can be provided that the IRS would not assert a contrary position in the future. Moreover, a reduction in the cash yield on our common stock may negatively impact our stock price. We have certain ownership interests outside the U.S. that may subject us to risks different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations. We have a small portfolio of operating properties in Canada. Activities outside the U.S. involve risks that are different from those we face with respect to our domestic properties and operations. These risks include, but are not limited to: Adverse effects of changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies; 19 Challenges and/or taxation with respect to the repatriation of foreign earnings or repatriation of proceeds from the sale of our foreign investments; Changes in foreign political, regulatory, and economic conditions, including nationally, regionally, and locally; Challenges in managing international operations; Challenges in hiring or retaining key management personnel; Challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to real estate, corporate governance, operations, taxes, employment, data privacy and security, and legal proceedings; Differences in lending practices; Differences in languages, cultures, and time zones; Changes in applicable laws and regulations in the U.S. that affect foreign operations; Challenges in managing foreign relations and trade disputes that adversely affect U.S. and foreign operations; Partial or complete U.S. federal government shutdowns, trade disagreements with other countries, or uncertainties that could affect business transactions within the U.S. and with foreign entities; Changes in tax and local regulations with potentially adverse tax consequences and penalties; and Foreign ownership and transfer restrictions. In addition, our foreign investments are subject to taxation in foreign jurisdictions based on local tax laws and regulations and on existing international tax treaties. We invest in foreign markets under the assumption that our future earnings there will be taxed at the current prevailing income tax rates. There are no guarantees that foreign governments will continue to honor existing tax treaties we have relied upon for our foreign investments or that the current income tax rates in those markets will not increase significantly, thus impacting our ability to repatriate our foreign investments and related earnings. Moreover, any international currency gain recognized with respect to changes in exchange rates may not qualify under gross income tests that we must satisfy annually in order to qualify and maintain our status as a REIT. Investments in international markets may also subject us to risks associated with establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate the operations in foreign locations and to monitor compliance with U.S. laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign laws and regulations. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar applicable anti- corruption laws prohibit individuals and entities from offering, promising, authorizing, or providing payments or anything of value, directly or indirectly, to government officials in order to obtain, retain, or direct business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially adversely affect our results of operations or the value of our international investments. In addition, if we fail to effectively manage our international operations, our overall financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. Furthermore, we may in the future enter into agreements with foreign entities that are governed by the laws of, and are subject to dispute resolution rules of, another country or region. In some cases, such a country or region might not have a forum that provides us an effective or efficient means for resolving disputes that may arise under these agreements. We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with properties owned through partnerships, limited liability companies, and joint ventures. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of funds that we may invest in non-wholly owned partnerships, limited liability companies, or joint ventures. Partnership, limited liability company, or joint venture investments involve certain risks, including, but not limited to, the following: Upon bankruptcy of non-wholly owned partnerships, limited liability companies, or joint venture entities, we may become liable for the liabilities of the partnership, limited liability company, or joint venture; We may share certain approval rights over major decisions with third parties; Our partners may file for bankruptcy protection or otherwise fail to fund their share of required capital contributions; Our partners may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals and that could affect our ability to lease or re-lease, develop or redevelop, and operate properties , o r maintain our qualification as a REIT; Our partners may have banking or financial relationships with institutions that become insolvent or otherwise fail, which could affect our access to capital; Our ability to sell the interest on advantageous terms when we so desire may be limited or restricted under the terms of our agreements with our partners; and We may not continue to own or operate the interests or assets underlying such relationships or may need to purchase such interests or assets at an above-market price to continue ownership. 20 In addition, in some of our real estate joint ventures, predominantly consolidated, our partners hold contractual rights that allow them to sell their interests, initiate a buy/sell process, or force the sale of a property. As of December 31, 2025 , the aggregate noncontrolling interest balance in our consolidated balance sheet is $3.63 billion . In six consolidated real estate joint ventures with aggregate noncontrolling interests of approximately $1.17 billion , our partners currently have the ability to exercise these rights. In 16 other consolidated real estate joint ventures with aggregate noncontrolling interests of approximately $1.91 billion , these rights become exercisable upon the expiration of respective lockout provisions during 2026 through 2031 . If a joint venture partner elects to initiate a transaction relating to its interest in the joint venture or the property, we generally have a right of first refusal or buy right which may allow us to achieve full ownership of the property. However, if we decline to exercise such right, the partner generally has a right to sell to a third party or force a sale of the property with minimal to no input from us. The risks noted above could negatively impact us or may require us to: Sell the underlying asset subject to our interest in the joint venture when we otherwise would not; Reallocate existing capital or seek new funding in order to maintain an ownership interest in or control of an asset, potentially straining our liquidity position and/or diluting earnings per share; Contribute additional capital if our partners fail to fund their share of any required capital contributions or are unable to access capital as a result of their financial distress or disruptions in the banking sector; Experience substantial unanticipated delays that could hinder either the initiation or completion of redevelopment activities or new construction; Incur additional expenses or reduce revenues that could prevent the achievement of yields or returns that were initially anticipated; Become engaged in a dispute with our joint venture partner that could lead to the sale of either party s ownership interest or the property at a price below estimated fair market value; Initiate litigation or settle disagreements with our partner through litigation or arbitration; and Suffer losses or decreased returns as a result of actions taken by our partner with respect to our joint venture investments. We generally seek to maintain control of our partnerships, limited liability companies, and joint venture investments, and structure our joint venture agreements in a manner sufficient to permit us to achieve our business objectives. However, we may not be able to do so, and the occurrence of one or more of the events described above could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our funds from operations per share, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, and the market price of our common stock. We may not be able to attain the expected return on our investments in real estate joint ventures. We have consolidated and unconsolidated real estate joint ventures in which we share certain ownership and decision-making powers with one or more parties. Our joint venture partners must agree in order for the applicable real estate joint venture to take specific major actions, including budget approvals, acquisitions, sales of assets, debt financing, execution of lease agreements, and vendor approvals. Under these joint venture arrangements, any disagreements between our partners and us may result in delayed or unfavorable decisions. Our inability to take unilateral actions that we believe are in our best interests may result in missed opportunities and an ineffective allocation of resources and could have an adverse effect on the financial performance of our real estate joint ventures and our operating results. We could incur significant costs due to the financial condition of our insurance carriers. We insure our properties with insurance companies we believe have good ratings at the time our policies are put into effect. The financial condition of one or more of the insurance companies we hold policies with may be negatively impacted, which can result in their inability to pay on future insurance claims. Their inability to pay future claims may have a negative impact on our financial results. In addition, the failure of one or more insurance companies may increase the cost of renewing our insurance policies or increase the cost of insuring additional properties and recently developed or redeveloped properties. Our insurance may not adequately cover all potential losses . As a part of Alexandria s risk management program, we maintain all-risk property insurance for our portfolio to mitigate risks posed by extreme weather events, natural disasters (including floods, wildfires, earthquakes, and wind events), and terrorism. Our all- risk property insurance currently provides a $2.0 billion per-occurrence limit for our operating portfolio . However, it may not fully cover all potential losses. There is no assurance that we will maintain current levels of insurance coverage in the future. A significant portion of our real estate portfolio is located in seismically active regions, including the San Francisco Bay Area, San Diego, and Seattle, and a damaging earthquake in any region could significantly impact multiple properties. For these properties, we have obtained earthquake insurance in an amount and with deductibles we believe are commercially reasonable. F or properties in California, coverage is $335 million per occurrence and has an annual aggregate limit, subject to a 5% deductible of the property s replacement value. For the Seattle region, the coverage is $200 million per occurrence and has an annual aggregate limit, subject to a 2% deductible . Nevertheless, a major earthquake in any region could lead to substantial losses, potentially exceeding our insurance 21 coverage and resulting in material aggregate deductible amounts. This could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, we carry environmental and title insurance policies for our properties. We generally obtain title insurance policies when we acquire a property, with each policy covering an amount equal to the initial purchase price of each property. Accordingly, current property values may exceed the amount covered by a related title insurance policy. We regularly evaluate the insurance market, including for coverage against terrorism, earthquakes, and other catastrophic events. However, we cannot predict the availability and affordability of such coverage in the future. Should the premiums for our earthquake and other insurance policies become prohibitively expensive or if we decide to self-insure some of our risks, we may modify or discontinue the coverage for some or all of our properties. If we experience a loss at any of our properties that is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance policy limits, or is subject to a policy deductible, we could lose the capital invested in the affected property and, possibly, future revenues from that property. In addition, we could continue to be obligated on any mortgage indebtedness or be responsible for other obligations related to the affected properties. All of our wholly owned properties, including properties partially owned through real estate joint ventures that are managed by our joint venture partners, carry comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage, and rental loss insurance. For our properties in wildfire- or flood-prone areas, we are evaluating mitigation strategies and potential operational and physical improvements. For example, resilience measures that may be implemented at some of our properties may include: Fire-resilience measures. Incorporation of brush management practices into landscape design; selection and positioning of less flammable vegetation species at a reasonable distance from a property; construction of building envelopes with fire-resistant materials; and installation of HVAC systems that are able to filter smoke particulates from the air in the event of a fire. Flood-resilience measures . Positioning of critical building mechanical equipment on roofs or significantly above projected potential flood elevations; storage of temporary flood barriers on site to be deployed at building entrances in the event of a flood; elevation of property entrances or the first floor above projected present-day and future flood elevations; installation of backflow preventors on storm/sewer utilities that discharge from the building; and waterproofing of the building envelope up to the projected flood elevation. Our tenants are also required to maintain comprehensive insurance policies, including commercial general liability insurance typically obtained for similar properties. However, we and our tenants do not generally insure against certain types of losses that are either uninsurable or prohibitively costly to insure. We cannot predict the future availability of insurance coverage against any risk of loss. Insurance companies may discontinue coverage for certain risks, or, if offered, such coverage may become excessively expensive. The loss of services of any of our executive and/or senior officers could adversely affect us. We depend upon the services and contributions of relatively few executive and senior officers. The loss of services or contributions of any one of them may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and prospects. We use the extensive personal and business relationships that members of our management have developed over time with owners of life science properties and with major tenants and venture investment portfolio companies in the life science industry. We cannot assure our stockholders that our executive and senior officers will remain employed with us. In California and certain other regions where we have operations, there is intense competition for individuals with skill sets needed for our business. Moreover, in California, where our headquarters and many of our properties are located, high state and local taxes and increased home prices contribute to a high cost of living, which may impair our ability to attract and retain employees locally in the future. Due to the long-term nature of our investments and properties, we are unable to predict and may be unable to effectively control such costs. If we do not succeed in attracting new personnel and retaining and motivating existing personnel, our business may suffer, and we may be unable to implement our current initiatives or grow effectively. 22 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price. Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control. Changes to our business will necessitate ongoing changes to our internal control systems and processes. Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatement because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially harmed, we could fail to meet our reporting obligations, and there could be a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. If we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would be taxed at corporate rates and would not be able to take certain deductions when computing our taxable income. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. If, in any taxable year, we failed to qualify as a REIT: We would be subject to federal and state income taxes on our taxable income at regular corporate rates; We would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to our stockholders in computing taxable income; We would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we lost qualification, unless we were entitled to relief under the Internal Revenue Code; and We would no longer be required by the Internal Revenue Code to make distributions to our stockholders. As a result of any additional tax liability, we may need to borrow funds or liquidate certain investments in order to pay the applicable tax. Accordingly, funds available for investment or distribution to our stockholders would be reduced for each of the years involved. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code to our operations and financial results, as well as the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions. Although we believe that our current organization and method of operation comply with the rules and regulations promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code to enable us to qualify as a REIT, we cannot assure our stockholders that we are or will remain so qualified. To qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including those regarding the ownership of our stock and the composition of our assets and gross income. We must also make distributions to stockholders aggregating at least 90% of our annual REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains. We currently own, and may acquire in the future, direct or indirect interests in one or more entities that have elected or may elect to be taxed as REITs under the Internal Revenue Code, which are subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and limitations described herein. If any of these entities were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) the entity would become subject to federal and state income taxes, (ii) shares in such an entity would cease to be qualifying assets for purposes of asset tests applicable to REITs, and (iii) we may fail certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs, in which event we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we qualify for certain relief provisions. In addition, we currently own interests in certain taxable REIT subsidiaries and may continue to acquire such interests in the future. A taxable REIT subsidiary is a corporation (or entity treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes), other than a REIT, that has made a joint election with a parent REIT (which directly or indirectly owns stock in the REIT subsidiary) to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. The subsidiary is subject to federal and state income taxes as a regular C corporation and is further subject to a 100% excise tax for certain transactions between the taxable REIT subsidiary and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s- length basis. We intend to structure our transactions with any taxable REIT subsidiaries that we own to ensure that they are entered into on arm s-length terms to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax mentioned above. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully structure future transactions to avoid being subject to the 100% excise tax, which may adversely impact our cash flows, ability to make distributions to stockholders, and results of operations. From time to time, we dispose of properties in transactions qualified as Section 1031 Exchanges. If a transaction intended to qualify as a Section 1031 Exchange is later determined by the IRS to be taxable or if we are unable to identify and complete the acquisition of a suitable replacement property to effect a Section 1031 Exchange or if the laws surrounding Section 1031 Exchanges are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of properties on a tax-deferred basis. In such a case, our earnings and profits and our taxable income would increase, which could increase the dividend income and reduce the return of capital to our stockholders. As a result, we may be required to pay additional dividends to stockholders, or if we do not pay additional dividends, our corporate income tax liability could increase and we may be subject to interest and penalties. 23 We may not be able to participate in certain sales that the IRS characterizes as prohibited transactions. The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited transactions is a 100% tax on net income from the transaction. Whether or not the transaction is characterized as a prohibited transaction is a factual matter. Generally, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosures, characterized as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. However, a sale will not be considered a prohibited transaction if it meets certain safe harbor requirements. Although we do not intend to participate in prohibited transactions, there is no guarantee that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will meet the safe harbor requirements. Federal income tax rules are constantly under review by the U.S. Congress and the IRS. Changes to tax laws could adversely affect our investors or our tenants, and we cannot predict how those changes may affect us in the future. New legislation, U.S. Treasury Department regulations, administrative interpretations, or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or an investment in our stock. Also, laws relating to the tax treatment of investment in other types of business entities could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. We are dependent on third parties to manage certain amenities at our properties. We retain third-party managers to manage certain amenities at our properties, such as restaurants, conference centers, exercise facilities, and parking garages. Our income from our properties may be adversely affected if these parties fail to provide quality services and amenities with respect to our properties. While we monitor the performance of these third parties, we may have limited recourse if we believe they are not performing adequately. In addition, these third-party managers may operate, and in some cases may own or invest in, properties or businesses that compete with our properties, which may result in conflicts of interest. As a result, these third-party managers may have made, and may in the future make, decisions that are not in our best interests. We rely on a limited number of vendors to provide utilities and certain other services at our properties, and disruption in these services may have a significant adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We rely on a limited number of vendors to provide key services, including, but not limited to, utilities, security, and construction services, at certain of our properties. Our business and property operations may be adversely affected if key vendors fail to adequately provide key services at our properties as a result of natural disasters (such as fires, floods, earthquakes, etc.), power interruptions, bankruptcies, war, acts of terrorism, public health emergencies, cyberattacks, pandemics, or other unanticipated catastrophic events. If a vendor encounters financial difficulty such as bankruptcy or otherwise becomes unable to provide critical utilities, security, construction, or other essential services, we may experience significant interruptions in service and disruptions to business operations at our properties, incur remediation costs, and become subject to claims and damage to our reputation. In addition, difficulties encountered by key vendors in providing necessary services at our properties could result in significant market rate increases for such services. Our triple net leases allow us to pass through substantially all operating expenses and certain capital expenditures to our tenants in the form of additional rent. However, we cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to negotiate pass-through provisions in tenant leases in the future, which could lead to a decrease in our recovery of operating expenses. If our operating expenses increase without a corresponding increase in revenues, our profitability could diminish. Also, we cannot be certain that increased costs will not lead our current or prospective tenants to seek space elsewhere, which could significantly hinder our ability to increase our rents or to maintain existing occupancy levels. Additionally, this may significantly increase occupancy costs for some of our tenants and may adversely impact their financial condition, ability to make rental payments, and ability to renew their lease agreements. Pacific Gas and Electric Company ( PG E ) is the primary public utility company providing electrical and gas service to residential and commercial customers in northern California, including the San Francisco Bay Area. Most of our properties located in our San Francisco Bay Area market depend on PG E for the delivery of these essential services. PG E initiated voluntary reorganization proceedings under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in January 2019 in response to potential liabilities arising from a series of catastrophic wildfires that occurred in 