=== AMCR_2025-08-15.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. - Risk Factors The following factors, as well as factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or in other filings by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Other factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material could also affect our business operations and financial results. Risks Relating to the Merger of Amcor and Berry Successful Integration — The combined company may be unable to successfully integrate the businesses of Amcor and Berry in the expected time frame or at all. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly, and time consuming, and we are devoting significant management time and resources to integrating the businesses and operations of the two companies. Challenges involved in this integration include the following: • combining the businesses of Amcor and Berry in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve the synergies, efficiencies, and growth opportunities anticipated to result from the Merger; • retaining and integrating personnel; • harmonizing each company's operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures, and processes; • maintaining existing relationships with each company's customers, suppliers, and other partners and leveraging relationships with such third parties for the benefit of the combined company; • addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies; • consolidating each company's administrative and information technology infrastructure; and • coordinating geographically dispersed organizations. While we are making progress with our integration since the close of the transaction on April 30, 2025, there can be no assurances that we will be able to successfully integrate Berry's business into the combined company within the anticipated time frame, or at all, and the benefits of the Merger may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. If key employees terminate their employment the combined company may have to incur significant costs in identifying, hiring, training, and retaining replacements for departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent. In addition, if we are unable to retain personnel, including key management, who are critical to the future operations of the companies, we could face disruptions in our business. It is also possible that the integration process could result in our inability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, strategic partners and other business relationships, the disruption of our ongoing business, inconsistencies in standards, controls, policies and procedures, unexpected integration issues, and higher than expected integration costs. Substantial Merger Costs — We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, substantial costs as a result of the Merger. We have incurred a substantial amount of non-recurring costs associated with negotiating and completing the Merger, combining the operations of the two companies and working to achieve synergies, including financial, legal, accounting and consulting advisory fees, employee retention, severance and benefit costs, public relations, proxy solicitation and filing fees, and printing and mailing costs. The combined company will continue to incur restructuring and integration costs in connection with the Merger. There are processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated in connection with the Merger and the integration of Berry's business into the combined company. The elimination of duplicative costs, strategic benefits and additional income, as well as any realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, may not offset transaction and integration costs in the near term or at all. While we have assumed that certain expenses would be incurred in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, there are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of such expenses. 13 Inability to Realize Merger Benefits — The combined company may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger. The combined company's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger in the time frame anticipated, or at all, is subject to a number of assumptions, which may or may not prove to be accurate, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Difficulties in successfully integrating the two businesses and managing the expanded operations of the combined company could result in increased costs, decreased revenue and the diversion of management's time, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operation and financial condition of the combined company. Even if the two businesses are integrated successfully, the combined company may not fully realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger, including the anticipated cost savings, synergies and other efficiencies, that are currently expected. Moreover, some of the anticipated benefits are not expected to occur for a period of time following the consummation of the Merger and may involve unanticipated costs in order to be fully realized. If the combined company is not able to achieve these objectives and realize the anticipated benefits expected from the Merger within the anticipated time frame or at all, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, and the market price of Amcor ordinary shares could be negatively impacted. Indebtedness and Credit Rating — The combined company's indebtedness may limit its flexibility and increase its borrowing costs or result in a downgrade in our credit rating, which could reduce our operating flexibility, increase our borrowing costs, and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. As of June 30, 2025, the combined company had $14.1 billion of debt outstanding, including borrowings of $1.70 billion under revolving credit facilities in an aggregate principal amount of $3.75 billion, and we are not restricted in incurring, and may incur, additional indebtedness in the future. Increased indebtedness could have significant consequences for our business and any investment in our securities, including increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments; requiring more of our cash flows from operations to be used to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, thus limiting our cash flows available to fund our operations, capital expenditures and other future business opportunities or the return of cash to our shareholders. Our ability to pay interest and repay the principal of our indebtedness is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows, which is dependent, in part, on prevailing economic and competitive conditions and certain legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our control. If we are unable to maintain sufficient cash flows from operations to meet our debt commitments, and related covenants, our financial condition and results of operations are likely to be materially adversely impacted. Additionally, conditions in financial markets could affect financial institutions with which we have relationships and could result in adverse effects on our ability to utilize fully our committed borrowing facilities. For example, a lender under our senior secured credit facilities may be unwilling or unable to fund a borrowing request, and we may not be able to replace such lender. We use cash provided by operations, commercial paper issuances, bank term loans, committed and uncommitted revolving credit facilities, asset divestitures, debt issuances, and equity issuances to meet our funding needs. Credit rating agencies rate our debt securities based on many factors, including our financial results, their view of the general outlook for our industry, and their view of the general outlook for the global economy. Any significant additional indebtedness would likely negatively affect the credit ratings of our debt. Actions taken by the rating agencies include maintaining, upgrading, or downgrading the current rating or assigning a negative outlook for a possible future downgrade. If rating agencies downgrade our credit rating, place us on a watch list, or if there are adverse market conditions, including disruptions in the commercial paper market, the impacts could include reduced access to commercial paper, credit, and capital markets, an increase in the cost of our borrowings or the fees associated with our bank credit facilities, or an increase in the credit spread incurred when issuing debt in the capital markets. Our desire to maintain the Company's investment grade credit rating may also cause us to take certain actions designed to improve our cash flow, including sales of assets, suspension or reduction of our dividend, or share buybacks, and reductions in capital expenditures and working capital. Refer to Item 7. "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," "Liquidity and Capital Resources," of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our credit rating profile. In addition, a significant number of our operating subsidiaries are not guarantors of our indebtedness. In the event that any non-guarantor subsidiary becomes insolvent, liquidates, reorganizes, dissolves, or otherwise winds up, the assets of such subsidiary will be used to satisfy the claims of its creditors. The non-guarantor subsidiaries have no direct obligations in respect of our indebtedness, and therefore, a direct claim against any non-guarantor subsidiary and any claims to enforce payment on our indebtedness will be structurally subordinated to all of the claims of the creditors of our non-guarantor subsidiaries. 14 Merger Related Tax Liabilities — Additional tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity. We operate in a number of jurisdictions and will accordingly be subject to tax in several jurisdictions. The tax rules to which our entities are subject are complex and Amcor and its current and future subsidiaries will be required to make judgments (including certain judgments based on external advice) as to the interpretation and application of these rules, both as to the Merger and as to the operations of Amcor and Berry, and our current and future subsidiaries. The interpretation and application of these laws could be challenged by relevant governmental authorities, which could result in administrative or judicial procedures, actions or sanctions, the ultimate outcome of which could adversely affect us. We are currently subject to ongoing routine tax inquiries, investigations, and/or audits in various jurisdictions and the tax affairs of Amcor and Berry, and our current and future subsidiaries will in the ordinary course be reviewed by tax authorities, who may disagree with certain positions taken and assess additional taxes. We will regularly assess the likely outcomes of such tax inquiries, investigations or audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provisions. However, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these inquiries, investigations or audits and the actual outcomes of these inquiries, investigations or audits could have a material impact on our financial results. Strategic Risks Changes in Consumer Demand — Demand for our products could be affected by a variety of factors, including changes in economic environment and regulations. Sales of our products and services depend heavily on the volume of sales made by our customers to consumers. Alternative consumer preferences for products in the industries that we serve or the packaging formats in which such products are delivered, whether as a result of changes in cost, economic environments, regulatory developments (including end user taxes), convenience or health, environmental, and social concerns, and perceptions, such as pressure to reduce packaging waste and the use of petrochemical components, may result in a decline in the demand for certain of our products or the obsolescence of some of our existing products. Any new products we produce may fail to meet sales or margin expectations due to various factors, including our or our customers' inability to accurately predict customer demand, end user preferences or movements in industry standards, or to develop products that meet consumer demand in a timely and cost-effective manner. Changing preferences for products and packaging formats may result in increased demand for other products we produce. However, if changing preferences are not offset by demand for new or alternative products that we manufacture, changes in consumer preferences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Key Customers and Customer Consolidation — The loss of key customers, a reduction in their production requirements or consolidation among key customers could have a significant adverse impact on our sales revenue and profitability. Relationships with our customers are fundamental to our success, particularly given the nature of the packaging industry and other supply choices available to customers. While we do not have a single customer accounting for more than 10% of our net sales, customer concentration can be more pronounced within certain businesses. Consequently, the loss of any of our key customers or any significant reduction in their production requirements, or an adverse change in the terms of our supply agreements with them, could reduce our sales revenue and net profit. In addition, geopolitical tensions, wars, and terrorism can impact local demand for our products. Although we have been largely successful in maintaining customer relationships in the past, there is no assurance that existing customer relationships will be renewed at existing volume, product mix, or price levels, or at all. Customers with operations subject to physical risks, including those caused by natural disasters and adverse weather conditions related to climate change, may relocate production to less affected areas, which could be beyond the range of Amcor's production sites. Supplying such relocated facilities may lead to additional costs. New regulations can also affect our relationships with customers. Any loss, change, or other adverse event related to our key customer relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Furthermore, in recent years, some of our customers have acquired companies with similar or complementary product lines. This consolidation has increased the concentration of our business with these customers. Such consolidation may be accompanied by pressure from customers for lower prices, reflecting the increase in the total volume of products purchased or the elimination of a price differential between the acquiring customer and the acquired company. While we have generally been successful in managing customer consolidations, increased pricing pressures from our customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows. 15 Competition — We face significant competition in the industries and regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our business. We operate in highly competitive geographies and end use areas, each with varying barriers to entry, industry structures, and competitive behavior. We regularly bid for new and continuing business in the industries and regions in which we operate, and we continually adapt to changes in consumer demand. While we cannot predict with certainty the changes that may impact our competitiveness, the main methods of competition in the general packaging industry include price, innovation, sustainability, service, and quality. Our competitors may develop or utilize disruptive technologies or other technological innovations that could increase their ability to compete for our current or potential customers. Our failure to adequately respond to the actions that established or potential competitors take could materially affect our ability to implement our plans and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Expanding Our Current Business — We may be unable to expand our current business effectively through organic growth, investments, or acquisitions. Our business strategy includes both organic expansion of our existing operations, particularly through efforts to strengthen and expand relationships with customers in emerging markets, product innovation (including addressing changes in the industry or regulatory environments) and expansion through investments and acquisitions. However, we may not be able to execute our strategy effectively for reasons within and outside our control. Our ability to grow organically may be limited by, among other things, extensive saturation in the locations in which we operate or a change or reduction in our customers’ growth plans due to changing economic conditions, strategic priorities, or otherwise. For many of our businesses, organic growth depends on product innovation, new product development, and timely responses to changing consumer demands and preferences. Consequently, failure to develop new or improved products in response to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner may hinder our growth potential, impact our competitive position, and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have pursued growth through acquisitions, including our recent combination with Berry, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition targets in the right geographic regions and with the right participation strategy in the future, or to complete such acquisitions on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to identify acquisition targets that meet our investment criteria and close such transactions on acceptable terms, our potential for growth by way of acquisition may be restricted, which could have a material adverse effect on the achievement of our strategy and the resulting expected financial benefits. We have also invested in companies in which we do not exercise control. Our investment partners or other parties that hold the remaining ownership interests in companies that we do not control may not have interests that are aligned with our goals. We have incurred losses in our equity method investments in the past, and the recognition of our proportionate share of our investees' results in the future could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, our equity method investments are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of our investment is not recoverable. If we determine that an investment is other-than-temporarily impaired, the resulting impairment charge could adversely affect our results of operations. We have recognized impairment losses in the past in connection with our investments and we may be required to do so again in the future. Operational Risks Global Economic Conditions — Challenging global economic conditions, have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business operations and financial results. Demand for our products and services depends on consumer demand for our packaging products, including packaged food, beverages, healthcare, personal care, agribusiness, industrial, and other consumer goods. Geopolitical events, such as increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, political, financial, or social instability, wars, civil or social unrest, natural disasters, or health crises, could result in general economic downturns, such as a recession or economic slowdown, and could adversely affect our business operations and financial results. Recent global economic challenges, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the Middle East conflict, tensions between China and Taiwan, and relatively high inflation and interest rates in certain regions, may continue to put pressure on our business. Current and future unrest in regions where we operate, and political developments, could have a material impact on our financial condition. 16 When challenging economic conditions exist, our customers may delay, decrease, or cancel purchases from us, and may also delay payments or fail to pay us altogether. Suppliers may also have difficulties filling our orders and we may have difficulties getting our products to customers, which may affect our ability to meet customer demand and result in a loss of business. Weakened global economic conditions may also result in unfavorable changes in our product prices and product mix and lower profit margins. Although we take measures to mitigate the impact of inflation, including through pricing actions and productivity programs, if these actions are not effective, our cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. In addition, there could be a time lag between recognizing the benefit of our mitigating actions and the impact of inflation and there is no guarantee that our mitigating measures will fully offset the impacts of inflation. International Operations — Our international operations subject us to various risks that could adversely affect our business operations and financial results. We have operations throughout the world, including facilities in emerging markets. In fiscal year 2025, approximately 75% of our sales revenue came from developed markets and 25% came from emerging markets. We expect to continue to expand our operations in the future, including in the emerging markets. Managing global operations is complex, particularly due to substantial differences in the cultural, political, and regulatory environments of the countries where we operate. In addition, many countries where we have operations, including Argentina, Brazil, China, Colombia, India, and Peru, have legal, regulatory, or political systems, that are dynamic and subject to change. The profitability of our operations may be adversely impacted by, among other things: • changes in applicable fiscal or regulatory regimes; • changes in, or difficulties in interpreting and complying with, local laws, sanctions, and regulations, including tax, labor, foreign investment, and foreign exchange control laws; • nullification, modification, or renegotiation of, or difficulties or delays in enforcing contracts with clients or joint venture partners that are subject to local law; • reversal of current political, judicial, or administrative policies encouraging foreign investment or foreign trade, or related to the use of local agents, representatives, or partners in relevant jurisdictions; • trade restrictions, sanctions, and quotas; • wars, acts of terrorism, social and ethnic unrest, and geopolitical events; • pandemics and other health crises impacting different regions of the world unequally; • difficulties associated with nationalization or expropriation of assets, or expatriating or repatriating cash generated or held abroad; and • changes in exchange rates and inflation, including hyperinflation. Furthermore, prolonged periods of economic, legal, regulatory, or political instability in the emerging markets where we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has negatively impacted the global economy and led to various economic sanctions being imposed by the U.S., the European Union, the United Kingdom, and other countries against Russia. It is not possible to predict the broader or longer-term consequences of this conflict. Continued escalation of geopolitical tensions, including the conflict in the Middle East and tensions between China and Taiwan, could result in the loss of property, supply chain disruptions, significant inflationary pressure on raw material prices and other resources (such as energy and natural gas), fluctuations in our customers’ buying patterns given regional shortages of food ingredients and other factors, enhanced risks to our global technology infrastructure (such as through cyberattack or ransomware attack), exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, credit and capital market disruption which could impact our ability to obtain financing, increase interest rates, and adverse foreign exchange impacts. These broader consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations. Our international operations involve limited sales to entities located in countries subject to economic sanctions administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, and the U.S. Department of Commerce and other applicable national and supranational organizations (collectively, "Sanctions"). We also operate in certain countries that are occasionally subject to Sanctions, which require us to maintain internal processes and control procedures. Failure to do so could result in a breach by our employees of various laws and regulations, including those relating to money laundering, corruption, export control, fraud, bribery, insider trading, antitrust, competition, and economic sanctions, whether due to a lack of integrity or awareness or otherwise. We have implemented safeguards, training and policies to discourage these 17 practices by our employees and agents. Any such breach could result in sanctions (including fines and penalties) and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and reputation. Raw Materials — Price fluctuations or shortages in the availability of raw materials, energy, and other inputs could adversely affect our business. As a manufacturer of packaging products, our sales and profitability are dependent on the availability and cost of raw materials, labor, and other inputs, including energy. All of the raw materials we use are purchased from third parties, and our primary inputs include polymer resins and films, paper, inks, solvents, adhesives, aluminum, and chemicals. Prices for these raw materials are subject to substantial fluctuations that are beyond our control due to factors such as changing economic conditions (including inflation), currency and commodity price fluctuations, resource availability and other supply chain challenges, transportation costs, geopolitical risks (including the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, and in the Middle East), pandemics and other health crises, an increase in the demand for products manufactured from recycled materials, weather conditions and natural disasters, environmental regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions, biodiversity and deforestation, human rights due diligence regulations, and other factors impacting supply and demand pressures. For example, energy prices have fluctuated significantly in the past few years and may fluctuate in the future which could negatively impact our results of operations. While we have largely been able to successfully manage through any supply disruptions and related price volatility in the past, there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully navigate any future disruptions. Increases in costs and disruptions in supply can have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. We seek to mitigate these risks through various strategies, including entering into contracts with certain customers that permit price adjustments to reflect increased raw material and other costs or by otherwise seeking to increase our prices to offset increases in raw material and other costs and seeking alternative sources of supply for key raw materials. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to anticipate or mitigate commodity and input price movements or supply disruptions. In addition, there may be delays in adjusting prices to correspond with underlying raw material costs and corresponding impacts on our working capital and level of indebtedness and any failure to anticipate or mitigate against such movements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Commercial Risks — We are subject to production, supply, and other commercial risks, including counterparty credit risks, which may be exacerbated in times of economic volatility. We face a number of commercial risks, including (i) operational disruption, such as mechanical or technological failures, disruptions due to natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, or health crises, each of which could lead to production loss and/or increased costs, (ii) shortages in manufacturing inputs due to the loss of key suppliers or their inability to supply inputs, and (iii) risks associated with development projects (such as cost overruns and delays). Supply or workforce shortages, fluctuations in freight costs, limitations on shipping capacity, or other disruptions in our supply chain, including sourcing materials from a single supplier or those that may occur related to wars, geopolitical tensions, natural disasters, health crises, or new regulations, could affect our ability to obtain timely delivery of raw materials, equipment, and other supplies, and in turn, adversely impact our ability to supply products to our customers. Additionally, severe weather events and other adverse effects of cli

=== AMCR_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Other than the risk factor set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors contained in "Item 1A. - Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially affect our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Strategic Review of Portfolio - Our strategic review of our portfolio may cause disruptions to our business, may not result in the completion of a transaction to restructure or divest of non-core businesses or create additional value for our shareholders. In August 2025, we announced that we had completed a review of portfolio-related strategic alternatives and identified businesses with combined sales of $2.5 billion for further review, which could result in restructuring or sale of the identified businesses, among other options. There is no assurance as to the timeline or outcome of the strategic review process, including that actions taken will increase shareholder value. In addition, the strategic review process may require the deployment of significant resources and expense and cause disruption in our business given speculation and uncertainty around our ultimate actions. If we are unable to mitigate these or other potential risks related to our strategic review of our portfolio, then this process may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Share Repurchases In the quarter ended March 31, 2026, the Company did not maintain a share repurchase program as the prior program had expired on its terms. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or Section 16 officer of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 62 Item 6. Exhibits The documents in the accompanying Exhibits Index are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and such Exhibits Index is incorporated herein by reference. Exhibit Description 1 .1* Underwriting Agreement, dated March 5, 2026, among Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc., Amcor plc, Amcor UK Finance plc, Amcor Group Finance plc, Amcor International UK, plc, Amcor Finance (USA), Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., Berry Global, Inc. and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule 1 thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1 .1 to Amcor plc’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10 , 2026 ). 4 .1 Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2026, among Amcor Flexibles North America, Inc., Amcor plc, Amcor Finance (USA), Inc., Amcor UK Finance plc, Amcor Group Finance plc, Amcor International UK, plc, Berry Global Group, Inc., Berry Global, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (including the guarantees) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amcor plc’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2026). 4 .3 Form of 4.250% Guaranteed Senior Note due 2029 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Amcor plc’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2026). 4 .4 Form of 5.125% Guaranteed Senior Note due 2036 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Amcor plc’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2026). 22 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities . 31 .1 Chief Executive Officer Certification required by Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31 .2 Chief Financial Officer Certification required by Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 . 101 .INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101 .SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101 .CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101 .DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101 .LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101 .PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Amcor hereby undertakes to supplementally furnish copies of any omitted schedules and exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 63 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. AMCOR PLC Date May 7, 2026 By /s/ Stephen R. Scherger Stephen R. Scherger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date May 7, 2026 By /s/ Julie Sorrells Julie Sorrells, Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 64 