=== KIM_2026-04-08.htm.gz ===
false 0000879101 DEF 14A 0000879101 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000879101 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000879101 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000879101 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember KIM:DeductionAmountsForStockAwardsAndOptionAwardsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember KIM:DeductionAmountsForStockAwardsAndOptionAwardsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember KIM:IncreaseOnFairValueOfAwardsGrantedRemainUnvestedMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember KIM:IncreaseOnFairValueOfAwardsGrantedRemainUnvestedMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember KIM:IncreaseOnFairValueOfAwardsGrantedVestedMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember KIM:IncreaseOnFairValueOfAwardsGrantedVestedMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember KIM:IncreaseOrDeductionForAwardsGrantedOutstandingAndUnvestedMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember KIM:IncreaseOrDeductionForAwardsGrantedOutstandingAndUnvestedMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember KIM:IncreaseOrDeductionForAwardsGrantedVestedMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember KIM:IncreaseOrDeductionForAwardsGrantedVestedMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember KIM:DeductionOfFairValueOfAwardsGrantedForfeitedMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember KIM:DeductionOfFairValueOfAwardsGrantedForfeitedMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember KIM:IncreaseBasedOnDividendsOrOtherEarningsPaidMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember KIM:IncreaseBasedOnDividendsOrOtherEarningsPaidMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember KIM:IncreaseBasedOnIncrementalFairValueOfOptionsOrSARsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember KIM:IncreaseBasedOnIncrementalFairValueOfOptionsOrSARsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember KIM:DeductionForChangeInPensionValueAndNonqualifiedDeferredCompensationEarningsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember KIM:DeductionForChangeInPensionValueAndNonqualifiedDeferredCompensationEarningsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember KIM:IncreaseForServiceCostForPensionPlansMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember KIM:IncreaseForServiceCostForPensionPlansMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000879101 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) x Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 KIMCO REALTY CORP ORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): x No fee required o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials o Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders Kimco Realty Corporation, a Maryland Corporation (the Company ) Annual Meeting Proposals 1. Election of nine directors to serve until the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualify See page 10 2. Advisory resolution to approve the Company s executive compensation ( Say-on-Pay ) as described in the Proxy Statement See page 21 3. Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 See page 44 4. The transaction of any other business that may properly come before the meeting or any postponement(s) or adjournment(s) thereof Logistics Date: May 21, 2026 Time: 10:00 a.m. (Eastern Time). Online check-in will begin at 9:30 a.m. (Eastern Time). Place: Online only at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/KIM2026 Record Date: The close of business on March 23, 2026 If you plan to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ( the Annual Meeting ) online, you will need the 16-digit control number included in your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompany your proxy materials. During this virtual meeting, you may ask questions, and you will be able to vote your shares electronically. You may also submit questions in advance by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/KIM2026. The Company will respond to as many inquiries as time allows. How to Vote or Authorize Your Proxy By Internet: www.proxyvote.com By Telephone: 1-800-690-6903 By Mail: Complete your proxy card and cast your vote by pre-paid mail Beneficial Owners: If you own shares registered in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee, please follow the instructions they provide on how to vote your shares. Proxy Voting: Please submit your proxy or voting instructions as soon as possible to instruct how your shares are to be voted at the Annual Meeting, even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. If you later vote at the Annual Meeting, your previously submitted proxy or voting instructions will not be used. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT TO US. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please authorize a proxy to vote your shares as soon as possible to ensure that your shares will be represented at the Annual Meeting. On behalf of the Board of Directors Bruce M. Rubenstein Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary April 8, 2026 Important Notice Regarding Internet Availability of Proxy Materials We are pleased to take advantage of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules allowing companies to furnish proxy materials to their stockholders over the Internet. We believe that this e-proxy process will expedite stockholders receipt of proxy materials, lower the costs, and reduce the environmental impact of our Annual Meeting. We will send a full set of proxy materials or a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ) on or about April 8, 2026 and provide access to our proxy materials over the Internet, beginning on April 8, 2026, for the holders of record and beneficial owners of our common stock as of the close of business on the record date. The Notice of Internet Availability instructs you on how to access and review the proxy statement and our annual report. The Notice of Internet Availability also instructs you on how you may authorize a proxy to vote your shares over the Internet. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 i Table of Contents Safe Harbor Statement This proxy statement contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and includes this statement for purposes of complying with the safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe the Company s future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words believe, expect, intend, commit, anticipate, estimate, project, will, target, plan, forecast or similar expressions. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which, in some cases, are beyond the Company s control and could materially affect actual results, performance or achievements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, (i) financial disruption, changes in trade policies and tariffs, geopolitical challenges or economic downturn, including general adverse economic and local real estate conditions, (ii) the impact of competition, including the availability of acquisition or development opportunities and the costs associated with purchasing and maintaining assets, (iii) the inability of major tenants to continue paying their rent obligations due to bankruptcy, insolvency or a general downturn in their business, (iv) the reduction in the Company s income in the event of multiple lease terminations by tenants or a failure of multiple tenants to occupy their premises in a shopping center, (v) the potential impact of e-commerce and other changes in consumer buying practices, and changing trends in the retail industry and perceptions by retailers or shoppers, including safety and convenience, (vi) the availability of suitable acquisition, disposition, development, redevelopment and merger opportunities, and the costs associated with purchasing and maintaining assets and risks related to acquisitions not performing in accordance with our expectations, (vii) the Company s ability to raise capital by selling its assets, (viii) disruptions and increases in operating costs due to inflation and supply chain disruptions, (ix) risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial properties, including risks associated with the development, and ownership of non-retail real estate, (x) changes in governmental laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, changes in data privacy, environmental (including climate change), safety and health laws, and management s ability to estimate the impact of such changes, (xi) valuation and risks related to the Company s joint venture and preferred equity investments and other investments, (xii) collectability of mortgage and other financing receivables, (xiii) impairment charges, (xiv) criminal cybersecurity attack disruptions, data loss or other security incidents and breaches, (xv) risks related to artificial intelligence ( AI ), (xvi) impact of natural disasters and weather and climate-related events, (xvii) pandemics or other health crises, (xviii) our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel, (xix) financing risks, such as the inability to obtain equity, debt or other sources of financing or refinancing on favorable terms to the Company, (xx) the level and volatility of interest rates and management s ability to estimate the impact thereof, (xxi) changes in the dividend policy for the Company s common and preferred stock and the Company s ability to pay dividends at current levels, (xxii) unanticipated changes in the Company s intention or ability to prepay certain debt prior to maturity and/or maintain certain debt until maturity, (xxiii) the Company s ability to continue to maintain its status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and potential risks and uncertainties in connection with its UPREIT structure, and (xxiv) other risks and uncertainties identified under Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the Company s other filings with the SEC. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the Company s expectations will be realized. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised to refer to any further disclosures the Company makes or related subjects in the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K that the Company files with the SEC. Certain forward-looking and other statements in this proxy statement, or other locations, such as our corporate website, contain various corporate responsibility and GHG standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data) and the interests of various stakeholders. As such, such information may not be, and should not be interpreted as necessarily being, material under the federal securities laws for SEC reporting purposes, even if we use the word material or materiality in this document. Corporate Responsibility information is also often reliant on third-party information or methodologies that are subject to evolving expectations and best practices, and our approach to and discussion of these matters may continue to evolve as well. For example, our disclosures may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable governmental policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. ii Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Table of Contents About Kimco 1 Operating Performance Highlights 2 Governance at Kimco 3 Committees of the Board 7 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 9 Proposal I: Election of Directors 10 Our Director Nominees 10 Board Composition 11 Succession Planning and Board Refreshment 12 Director Nominee Selection Process 12 Director Candidate Nominations through Proxy Access 13 Limits on Board Service 13 Information Regarding Nominees 14 Compensation of Directors 19 Non-Management Director Compensation for 2025 19 Executive Officers 20 Proposal 2: Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation 21 Compensation Discussion Analysis 22 Named Executive Officers 22 Our Compensation Philosophy 22 Oversight of Compensation 22 2025 Say-on-Pay Results and Stockholder Engagement 23 Elements of Our Executive Compensation Program 25 Executive Compensation Committee Report 33 Executive Compensation Tables 34 Pay Versus Performance 41 Audit Committee Report 43 Proposal 3: Ratification of Independent Accountants 44 Beneficial Ownership 45 Other Matters 46 Information About the Annual Meeting 48 Why You are Receiving These Materials 48 How to Vote 48 Eliminating Duplicative Proxy Materials 49 Solicitation of Proxies 49 Other Business 49 Annex A 50 kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 iii Table of Contents This page is intentionally left blank. Table of Contents About Kimco About Kimco Kimco Realty (NYSE: KIM) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) and leading owner and operator of high-quality, open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers and mixed-use properties in the United States. The Company s portfolio is strategically concentrated in the first-ring suburbs of the top major metropolitan markets, including high-barrier-to-entry coastal markets and Sun Belt cities. Its tenant mix is focused on essential, necessity-based goods and services that drive multiple shopping trips per week. Publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) since 1991 and included in the S P 500 Index, the Company has specialized in shopping center ownership, management, acquisitions, and value-enhancing redevelopment activities for more than 65 years. With a proven commitment to corporate responsibility, Kimco Realty is a recognized industry leader in this area. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned interests in 565 U.S. shopping centers and mixed-use assets comprising 100 million square feet of gross leasable area. Company Information Established in 1958 Member of the S P 500 Listed on NYSE Our Properties * 565 properties 100 million square feet of gross leasable area Our Employees * 710 employees 30 primary offices Average tenure of 10.1 years * As of 12/31/2025 kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 1 Table of Contents About Kimco Operating Performance Highlights Kimco s operating results in 2025 reflect the success of our strategy, focused on grocery-anchored, open-air and mixed-use centers in the first ring suburbs of the top major metropolitan markets in the U.S. Balance Sheet Liquidity Strength Operational Resilience Ended the year with over $2.2 billion of immediate liquidity. Reported Consolidated Net Debt-to-EBITDA* of 5.4x. Achieved an A- credit rating from S P Ratings and an A3 rating from Moody s Ratings. Repurchased 6.1 million shares of common stock during the year at a weighted average price of $19.79 per share. Leased over 12 million square feet across the nearly 2,000 leases signed during the year. Grew pro-rata portfolio occupancy to 96.4% at the end of the year, matching the Company s all-time high. Ended the year with pro-rata leased occupancy for anchor spaces at 97.9%, and pro-rata small shop occupancy at an all-time high of 92.7%. Expanded leased-to-economic leased occupancy spread to 390 basis points, representing $73 million of annual base rent ( ABR ) for near-term rent commencements from signed leases. Dividend Growth Cash Flow Investment Activity Capital Recycling Generated over $1.1 billion in net cash flow provided by operating activities and paid an aggregate of $714.6 million of dividends. Paid $1.01 per share in common stock dividends in 2025, representing a 4% increase over the amount paid in 2024. Acquired the remaining 85% interest in Tanasbourne Village, a dual-grocery-anchored center, for a pro-rata purchase price of $65.9 million. Acquired from the Structured Investment Program: The Markets at Town Center, a 254,000-square-foot center anchored by Sprouts Farmers Market in Jacksonville, Florida for $108.2 million; and The common member interests in The Shoppes at 82nd Street, a Target-anchored center located in a densely populated area of Queens, New York, for $74.0 million. Total Stockholder Return Performance * Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure are provided in Annex A 2 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Governance at Kimco Governance at Kimco Corporate Governance Policies and Procedures Overview The Board of Directors of the Company ( the Board ) is responsible for providing governance and oversight of the strategy, operations and management of the Company with its primary objective being to represent the interests of our stockholders. The Board oversees our senior management to whom it has delegated the authority to manage the day-to-day operations of the Company. The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, committee charters, and a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that, together with our Charter and Bylaws, form the governance framework for the Board and its committees. The Board regularly reviews the Corporate Governance Guidelines and other corporate governance documents and, from time to time, revises them when it believes it is in the best interests of the Company to do so given changing regulatory and governmental requirements and best practices. The following sections provide an overview of our corporate governance structure. Complete copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, committee charters, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and other governance documents are available in the Investor/Governance section of our website at www.kimcorealty.com . Highlights Board Structure and Independence Separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) 6 of 9 directors nominees are independent; Audit, Executive Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees are each entirely comprised of independent directors Require any search firm to include in its initial list of board candidates, qualified candidates who reflect a variety of backgrounds, skillsets and perspectives Executive sessions of non-management directors are held at all Board and committee meetings Annual strategic review by the Board with management No familial relationships among director nominees Limits on other board service to prevent overboarding Formal Clawback Policy Stockholder Rights Annual election of all directors Majority voting for directors in uncontested elections No supermajority vote requirements Annual Say-on-Pay advisory vote Stockholders have the right to amend the Bylaws Stockholders representing a majority can call special meeting Proxy Access: stockholder (or a group of 20) owning 3% of our common stock for at least three years may nominate up to 20% of board members No poison pill in effect Double trigger change in control arrangement that covers certain of our named executive officers ( NEOs ) Stockholder feedback is solicited and shared with the Board Board Oversight Structured oversight of the Company s corporate strategy and risk management Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees Corporate Responsibility strategy and initiatives, as well as corporate governance oversight Provide continuing education for our Board Cybersecurity, AI, and regulatory compliance oversight by Audit Committee Board and senior management succession planning Annual self-assessment of Board and Board committee performance Accountability and Best-In-Class Governance Practices 2025 engagement reached common stockholders representing approximately 40% of shares held by the Top 50 stockholders as of December 31, 2025 Stock ownership policies for directors and NEOs, including stock retention requirements for those who have not achieved the applicable stock ownership levels Prohibition of hedging and pledging Company stock by directors and NEOs Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for directors, officers and employees Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee manages Corporate Responsibility program Oversight of political contributions (de minimis amounts in 2025) kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 3 Table of Contents Governance at Kimco Board Leadership Structure The Board has separated the roles of the Chairman of the Board and the CEO. The CEO is responsible for setting our strategic direction and the day-to-day leadership and performance of the Company, while the Chairman of the Board provides guidance to the CEO, establishes the agenda for Board meetings in consultation with the CEO and presides over meetings of the full Board. The Board appointed Richard Saltzman as the non-executive, independent Chairman of the Board on April 29, 2025. Director Independence Our Board has adopted a formal set of categorical independence standards that set forth the criteria used to determine director independence, including guidelines relating to directors and their immediate family members with respect to past employment or affiliation with the Company or its independent registered public accounting firm. These standards meet, and in certain respects exceed, the listing standards of the NYSE. The Board s categorical independence standards are available, along with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, on the Investor/Governance section of the Company s website at www.kimcorealty.com and are available in print upon request. Based on these standards and NYSE listing standards, the Board has affirmatively determined that Philip E. Coviello, Nancy Lashine, Frank Lourenso, Henry Moniz, Mary Hogan Preusse, Valerie Richardson and Richard B. Saltzman are independent. Term of Office All directors elected at the Annual Meeting will serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualify. Director Attendance The Board met seven times in 2025. During 2025, each current director, other than Mr. Jamieson who was elected to the Board on January 19, 2026, attended 100% of the aggregate meetings of the Board and the committees on which such person served. The Company encourages directors to attend each annual meeting of stockholders, and all of the directors were in attendance at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Director Continuing Education The Company maintains a continuing education program for directors. In 2025, directors participated in customized Company- sponsored sessions covering business-related topics, corporate governance matters, SEC rule changes, and other current topics including ethical conduct, cybersecurity, and AI, with content tailored to relevant Board committees. These sessions consist of detailed presentations on these matters, together with discussions on each covered topic. 4 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Governance at Kimco Stock Ownership Guidelines The Company maintains stock ownership guidelines requiring each director and NEO to own shares of the Company s common stock with a value equal to a certain multiple of his or her annual retainer or base salary. Equity interests that count towards the satisfaction of these guidelines include shares owned outright or jointly owned, restricted shares, and shares held in a 401(k)-retirement plan. Directors and NEOs have five years from the date they join the Board or commence service as an executive officer to meet the applicable ownership requirements. All directors, other than Ms. Lashine, and all NEOs are currently in compliance with the Company s stock ownership requirements. Ms. Lashine, who joined the Board on January 21, 2025, has until January 21, 2030 to meet the applicable ownership levels under the Company s stock ownership guidelines. Covered Person Multiple Of Salary / Retainer Independent Chairman 5x Non-Employee Director 5x Chief Executive Officer 5x President 3x Chief Operating Officer 3x Chief Financial Officer 2x The Company also maintains a stock retention requirement for directors and NEOs. Any director or NEO who has not achieved the applicable stock ownership threshold is required to retain all net-settled shares, after payment of applicable taxes, transaction costs, and option exercise prices, until the applicable stock ownership level is met. No Hedging or Pledging Transactions The Company has adopted policies prohibiting directors and NEOs from engaging in any hedging transactions with respect to the Company s equity securities, including the use of any financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, and collars) designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of the Company s equity securities. The Company also prohibits directors and NEOs from pledging shares of the Company s common stock. Insider Trading Policy The Company has adopted an Insider Trading Policy that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers and employees that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and NYSE listing standards. Clawback Policy The Company has adopted a compensation recovery (clawback) policy as required by Rule 10D-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and applicable NYSE listing standards. This policy provides for the mandatory recovery (subject to limited exceptions) of erroneously awarded (granted, earned or vested) incentive-based compensation from current and former officers during the three years preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement, to the extent such compensation exceeded the amount that would have been received based on the restated financial results. Board Membership The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in establishing criteria and qualifications for director candidates, identifying individuals who meet such criteria, and recommending nominees for election to the Board. In doing so, the Committee evaluates each candidate in the context of the Board as a whole, considering the experience and qualifications matrix (page 10), anticipated retirements, and the skills and attributes needed to support effective Board succession and long-term Company success. Risk Oversight Our Board oversees the Company s enterprise-wide risk management framework, which is designed to support the achievement of the Company s strategic and operational objectives, enhance long-term performance, and create stockholder value. Management is responsible for establishing our business strategy, identifying and assessing material risks, and implementing appropriate risk management practices. The Board reviews the Company s strategy and management s assessment of the related risks, and discusses the overall risk profile and tolerance level for the Company with management. The Board oversees operating risk on an enterprise-wide basis and meets with management at least quarterly to receive updates on the Company s operations, business strategies, and the monitoring of key risks. The Board has delegated primary oversight of enterprise risk management ( ERM ) to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets with management at least quarterly and receives regular reports from management, the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal auditors, and legal advisors regarding the Company s assessment of risks, including those related to financial reporting, cybersecurity, AI, and other risks identified through the ERM process. Additional risk oversight responsibilities are allocated to the Executive Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. The risk oversight responsibilities of each committee are described further in Committees of the Board below. The Board believes that its leadership structure (described in Board Leadership Structure above) facilitates effective risk oversight by enabling active engagement by the Board, and its committees, with leadership from the Chairman of the Board, in overseeing management s actions and risk management practices. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 5 Table of Contents Governance at Kimco Leaders in Corporate Responsibility The Company strives to build a thriving and viable business that successfully delivers long-term value for stockholders while supporting the needs of its broader stakeholder base. The Company s Corporate Responsibility program is aligned with its core business strategy of creating destinations for everyday living that foster community engagement and long-term value creation. The Board and its committees oversee the Company s Corporate Responsibility strategy, with management responsible for its execution and day-to-day implementation. 2025 Corporate Responsibility Highlights During 2025, the Company advanced its Corporate Responsibility initiatives, including the following: Certified 120 properties via IREM Certified Sustainable Properties Volume Program, bringing the total number of IREM CSP certified properties across the portfolio to 172 as of December 31, 2025. Conducted a Scope 3 GHG Emissions assessment, establishing a related goal anticipated to be published in the 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report. Launched enhanced tenant data engagement process to improve data access and accuracy, supporting the disclosure of Kimco s Scope 3 goal, anticipated to be published in the 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report. Engage regularly with key stakeholders on Corporate Responsibility matters, including the Board, employees, stockholders, joint venture partners, tenants and retailer partners, vendors, and local communities. Additional information regarding Kimco s Corporate Responsibility program is available in the Corporate Responsibility Report posted on the Company s website. The information contained in the Corporate Responsibility Report and on the Company s website does not constitute a part of this Proxy Statement. 6 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Governance at Kimco Committees of The Board Audit Committee Committee Members Key Responsibilities Richard B. Saltzman, Chair Philip E. Coviello Nancy Lashine Frank Lourenso Henry Moniz Meetings: Met six times during fiscal year 2025 Independence and Financial Expertise: The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is independent within the meaning of the Company s independence standards and applicable NYSE listing standards. The Board has also determined that each Audit Committee member qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, in accordance with Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Charter: The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board. A copy of the Audit Committee Charter is available on the Company s website located at www.kimcorealty.com . The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of the Company s financial reporting, risk management, and compliance functions. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Audit Committee: Oversees the integrity of the Company s financial statements and related accounting and reporting processes, including internal control over financial reporting Selects, engages, evaluates and reviews the independence and performance of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm Reviews the scope and results of the Company s internal audit function Oversees compliance with REIT and other tax requirements Reviews enterprise risk management ( ERM ), including risk management related to our cybersecurity program, including governance, policies and procedures, and incident response Assists the Board in overseeing compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including those related to the Company s financial reporting Reviews and approves the Audit Committee Report included in this Proxy Statement (page 43) which further details the Audit Committee s responsibilities Enterprise Risk Management and Oversight Each year, management and the Company s internal auditors, prepare an enterprise risk assessment matrix, which is reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets with management at least quarterly and receives regular reports from management, the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal auditors and legal advisors regarding the Company s assessment of risks, including those related to financial reporting, cybersecurity, AI, and others identified through the ERM process. The Audit Committee oversees management s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program and receives quarterly briefings from the Chief Information Security Officer regarding the evolving cybersecurity threat landscape, as well as the Company s cybersecurity readiness, resiliency, and incident response capabilities. In addition, the Audit Committee receives reports from the Company s internal auditors regarding internal controls and risk assessments at least annually, and more frequently as appropriate. There were no material internal control deficiencies identified. The Audit Committee reports regularly to the Board. While the Board retains overall responsibility for risk oversight, the Audit Committee focuses on financial, compliance, and enterprise risk matters. Management is responsible for the day-to-day identification, assessment, and management of risks and reports regularly to both the Board and Audit Committee. The Board believes this division of responsibilities provides an effective framework for addressing the risks facing the Company. Additional Risk and Oversight Responsibilities In furtherance of its oversight role, the Audit Committee: Oversees financial, credit and liquidity risk by working with management and our treasury function to evaluate financial strategy, credit risk, capital structure, liquidity needs, and related risk-mitigating strategies. Reviews and monitors our compliance programs, including the whistleblower program and whistleblower helpline, with respect to financial reporting and other matters. Oversees the adoption and periodic review, either annually or on an as needed basis, of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is designed to promote the highest standards of business ethics. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 7 Table of Contents Governance at Kimco Executive Compensation Committee Committee Members Key Responsibilities Valerie Richardson, Chair Nancy Lashine Frank Lourenso Mary Hogan Preusse Richard B. Saltzman Meetings: Met six times during fiscal year 2025 Independence: The Board has determined that each member of the Executive Compensation Committee is independent within the meaning of the Company s independence standards and applicable NYSE listing standards. Charter: The Executive Compensation Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board. A copy of the Executive Compensation Committee Charter is available on the Company s website located at www.kimcorealty.com . The Executive Compensation Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the Company s executive compensation philosophy, programs, and practices. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Executive Compensation Committee: Establishes and oversees our executive compensation and benefits programs Approves compensation arrangements for senior management, including performance metric selection, and the design and approval of annual and long-term incentive compensation programs, based on third-party analysis and recommendations provided by the Committee s independent compensation consultant Evaluates our CEO s performance Reviews senior management leadership, performance, development and succession planning Oversees the Company s stock ownership policy applicable to directors and named executive officers Reviews and recommends compensation for the Company s non-employee directors Administers the Company s Compensation Recovery (clawback) policy Oversees compensation-related risk by designing and monitoring incentive compensation programs that encourage an appropriate level of risk-taking behavior consistent with the Company s business strategy and stockholder interests Compensation Risk Oversight and Independent Advice The Executive Compensation Committee has retained Pay Governance LLC ( Pay Governance ) as its independent compensation consultant. Pay Governance performs no other services for the Company other than executive compensation consulting services and reports directly to the Executive Compensation Committee. Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Committee Members Key Responsibilities Mary Hogan Preusse, Chair Philip E. Coviello Henry Moniz Valerie Richardson Richard B. Saltzman Meetings: Met six times during fiscal year 2025 Independence: The Board has determined that each member of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee is independent within the meaning of the Company s independence standards and applicable NYSE listing standards. Charter: The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board. A copy of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter is available on the Company s website located at www.kimcorealty.com . The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to corporate governance, Board composition, and Corporate Responsibility matters. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Committee: Oversees governance-related risks and works with management to establish and periodically review the Company s corporate governance guidelines, including the Board s leadership structure and committee composition Reviews the Company s Corporate Responsibility, strategy, and initiatives with management, on a quarterly basis or more frequently as needed, and oversees progress toward the goals established for the Company s Corporate Responsibility program Reviews the Company s Corporate Responsibility policies which include human capital management, including employee engagement, culture, health and safety, on an annual basis Assists the Board in establishing criteria and qualifications for director candidates Identifies, evaluates, and recruits qualified individuals to serve as directors and recommends nominees for election to the Board, with an emphasis on maintaining a board that reflects a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives and meets applicable independence standards Leads the Board s annual performance self-assessment process and reviews the results with the Board Reviews Board committee membership and recommends committee assignments to the Board 8 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Governance at Kimco Certain Relationships and Related Transactions The Company reviews all relationships and transactions in which the Company and our directors, executive officers, or their immediate family members are participants to determine whether any such person has a direct or indirect material interest. Our current written policies and procedures for the review, approval, or ratification of related person relationships and transactions are set forth in the following governance documents: Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Corporate Governance Guidelines Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter Audit Committee Charter Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all directors and employees. Any potential conflicts of interest involving directors, executive officers, or other principal officers may be reviewed and approved only by the Board. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company s website located at www. kimcorealty.com through the Investors/Governance/ Governance Documents section and is available in print upon request. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews the relationships each director has with the Company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company), in connection with the Board s determinations regarding director independence under the Company s categorical independence standards for directors and the NYSE listing standards. Directors are expected to avoid any action, position, or interest that conflicts with, or appears to conflict with, the interests of the Company. If an actual or potential conflict of interest arises, the director is required to promptly report the matter to the Independent Chairman of the Board. Any significant conflict must be resolved, or the director is expected to resign. Directors with a personal interest in a matter before the Board are required to disclose the interest, recuse themselves from discussion on the matter, and abstain from voting. The Corporate Governance Guidelines further provide that the Board is responsible for reviewing and, where appropriate, approving material changes to the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and other key governance policies, and for overseeing the Company s adherence to the highest standards of ethical conduct and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Pursuant to the Audit Committee Charter and the Audit Committee s related person transaction policy, the Audit Committee reviews and approves or ratifies all related person transactions required to be disclosed under applicable rules, as well as any other related person transactions identified by management or the Company s internal audit function. In reviewing such transactions, the Audit Committee considers, among other factors, the nature of the related person s interest, the material terms of the transaction, the importance of the transaction to the related person and to the Company, the potential impact on the objectivity or impairment of judgment of a director or executive officer to act in the best interest of the Company, and any other matters deemed appropriate. All related person transactions described in this Proxy Statement have been reviewed in accordance with these policies. Joint Ventures Mr. Milton Cooper has investments in certain real estate joint ventures and limited partnerships. The Company has an interest in certain of these joint ventures and partnerships which own and operate certain of the Company s property interests. The Company receives fees and proceeds related to these joint ventures and partnerships from time to time. Transactions with Ripco Real Estate Corporation Ripco Real Estate Corp. and its subsidiaries and affiliates ( Ripco ), a leading broker in the metro New York area and in Florida with over 200 associates and eight offices, serves as a leasing agent and representative for national and regional retailers including Target, Best Buy, TJX Corp. and many others, providing real estate brokerage services and principal real estate investing. Todd Cooper, an officer and 50% stockholder of Ripco, is a son of Milton Cooper, Chairman Emeritus. Effective April 29, 2025, Milton Cooper discontinued his service as a director and as Executive Chairman and as a result, he is no longer considered a related party. During the period from January 1, 2025 to April 29, 2025, the Company paid brokerage commissions of $0.2 million to Ripco for services rendered primarily as leasing agent for various national tenants in shopping center properties owned by the Company. The Company believes that the brokerage commissions paid were at or below the customary rates for such leasing services. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 9 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Proposal 1: Election of Directors Our Director Nominees The Company s Bylaws (the Bylaws ) provide that all directors be elected at each annual meeting of stockholders. Our Board is currently comprised of 10 directors, all of whom other than Mr. Frank Lourenso are standing for election at the Annual Meeting. If authorized, and unless otherwise noted by the authorizing stockholder, the persons named as proxies in the accompanying form of proxy intend to vote in favor of the election of each of the nine nominees for director designated below, with each to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualify. Each of the nominees recommended for election are expected to be able to serve. If, however, any nominee is unable to serve, the proxies may vote for a substitute nominee recommended by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and nominated by the Board, or the Board may reduce the number of directors to be elected at the Annual Meeting. We are requesting that the stockholders elect the nominees for director (listed below) to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualify. The Board recommends a vote FOR each nominee. Vote Required Nominees for director shall be elected by a majority of the votes cast in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting. A majority of the votes cast means the affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes cast for and against such nominee. For purposes of the election of directors, abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the result of the vote. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote for each of the nominees set forth in this proxy statement. Ross Cooper Philip E. Coviello Conor C. Flynn David Jamieson Nancy Lashine Henry Moniz Mary Hogan Preusse Valerie Richardson Richard B. Saltzman Primary Role Kimco President and Chief Investment Officer Former Latham Watkins LLP Partner Kimco CEO Kimco Executive Vice President Chief Operating Officer Founder and CEO of Park Madison Partners Chief Compliance Officer of Meta Former Managing Director and co- head of Americas Real Estate for APG Asset Mgmt. U.S. Former Chief Operating Officer of the ICSC Former CEO and President of Colony Capital Age 43 82 45 45 69 61 57 67 69 Director Since 2025 2008 2016 2026 2025 2021 2017 2018 2003 Independent Committee Audit Executive Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Experience/Qualifications Business Leadership Reit / Real Estate Public Company Executive Investment / Financial Corporate Responsibility Legal Risk Oversight Technology (AI, Cybersecurity) Attendance: During 2025, each director (excluding Mr. Jamieson who was elected to the Board on January 19, 2026) attended 100% of the aggregate of the total meetings of the Board and of the committees of the Board on which such director served. 10 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Board Composition The following charts show the composition of the nine director nominees by age, tenure, gender, and board refreshment. More information about our process for evaluating the composition of the Board can be found on page 12. Age Tenure 10+ Yrs. 2 2-10 Yrs. 4 0-1 Yrs. 3 Gender Board Refreshment kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 11 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Succession Planning and Board Refreshment Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates the specific personal and professional attributes of each director candidate against those of the existing board to ensure an appropriate mix of skills, experiences, backgrounds, tenures, expertise, competencies and continuity across the full board, which is integral to the success of our Company. We believe a varied group of directors can best perpetuate the success of the business and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound business judgment. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and any search firm it engages, aims to identify broad director candidate pools for any director candidate positions. Over the past several years, the Board has undertaken an intentional refreshment process, utilizing an accordion approach that allows the Board to expand and contract as new directors are appointed and certain existing, often longer-tenured, directors do not stand for re-election. We believe this approach facilitates effective onboarding of new directors while preserving the institutional knowledge and continuity provided by more experienced directors, particularly in light of the cyclical nature of the real estate industry. As a result, the Board maintains a balanced and diverse group of skilled, experienced directors with varied perspectives and backgrounds, as reflected in the experience/qualifications matrix and nominee biographies. The Board s current succession plan reflects the same objectives. Director Nominee Selection Process The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is not limited to any specific process in identifying candidates and will consider candidates suggested by other members of the Board, as well as candidates recommended by stockholders. Such recommendations should include the name, address and other pertinent information about the candidate as is required to be included in the Company s Proxy Statement. Recommendations should be submitted to the Secretary, Kimco Realty Corporation, 500 North Broadway, Suite 201, Jericho, NY, 11753-2128. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is authorized to retain search firms and other consultants to assist it in identifying candidates and fulfilling other duties. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee takes into account many factors in recommending candidates for a director. As described in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and in the aforementioned Succession Planning and Board Refreshment section, consideration is given to assuring that the Board, as a whole, considers the overall range of backgrounds on the board in its broadest sense, including representing various experiences, skills and backgrounds. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and any search firm it engages, aims to identify broad candidate pools for any director candidate positions. Additional factors include, but are not limited to: knowledge of real estate; the ability to make independent analytical inquiries; general understanding of laws and regulations, marketing, finance, accounting, technology and other elements relevant to the success of a publicly traded company in today s business environment; understanding of the Company s business on a technical level; other board service; and educational and professional background. In addition, each candidate nominee must possess fundamental qualities of intelligence, honesty, good judgment, high ethics and standards of integrity, fairness and responsibility. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluate each individual candidate by considering all appropriate factors as a whole. The Company s approach favors active deliberation rather than using rigid formulas to assign relative weights to these factors. Following the end of each fiscal year, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee establishes the criteria for and conducts an annual assessment of the performance of each member of the Board with respect to these factors. Consideration of other corporate governance principles or modifications of such principles may also be discussed at that time. 12 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Director Candidate Nominations through Proxy Access Our Bylaws provide proxy access to our stockholders. Under this process, a stockholder or group of up to 20 stockholders who have owned shares of our common stock equal to at least 3% of the aggregate of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock continuously for at least three years may seek to include director nominees in our proxy materials for an annual meeting of stockholders. The maximum number of director nominees that may be submitted pursuant to these provisions may not exceed 20% of the number of directors up for election. To be eligible to use proxy access, such stockholders must satisfy other eligibility, procedure and disclosure requirements set forth in our Bylaws. Limits on Board Service Service as a member of the Board is a significant commitment in terms of both time and responsibility. Accordingly, each director is encouraged to limit the number of other boards on which he or she serves so that such other directorships and commitments do not materially interfere with his or her service as an effective and active member of the Board. Service on other boards and/or committees should also be consistent with the Company s conflict-of-interest policies and reviewed annually. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide for the following limitations: Position Maximum Number of Public Company Boards Board Members 4 other boards Audit Committee Members 2 other audit committees Board Self-Assessment and Evaluation Annual self-evaluation and assessment of Board performance help ensure that the Board and its committees function effectively and in the best interest of our stockholders. This process also promotes good governance and helps set expectations about the relationship and interaction of and between the Board and management. The Board s annual self-evaluation and assessment process, which is overseen by our Independent Chairman and Chair of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, is re-evaluated annually and is currently structured and carried out as follows: Executive Sessions of Non-Management Directors The non-management directors hold regularly scheduled executive sessions of the Board and its committees without senior management present. These executive sessions are chaired by the Independent Chairman (at Board meetings) or by the committee chairs (at committee meetings), all of whom are independent directors. The non-management directors met in executive session at all of the regularly scheduled Board and committee meetings held in 2025. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 13 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Information Regarding Nominees The members of our Board provide a broad combination of experience and backgrounds that enable the Board to lead and advise the Company on its most crucial matters. Each of our directors has a distinguished record of leadership positions and decades of experience exercising responsible, prudent judgment in highly competitive businesses. We believe that each of our Board members offers comprehensive, strategic insights into the Company s competitive position based on their individual backgrounds, which enables them to provide input on central issues of strategy and to oversee its execution by management. This includes directors with longstanding institutional experience with the Company and in the REIT, real estate and retail industries as well as directors who have joined our Board more recently and who bring new perspectives. The members of our Board individually have a proven record of collaboration in successfully implementing business practices, and the Board collectively represents a range of intellectual and experiential backgrounds, with complementary skills and professional training. Ross Cooper President and Chief Investment Officer and Director Age: 43 Director Since: 2025 Ross Cooper was elected President and Chief Investment Officer in February 2017, and elected to the Company s Board in 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Cooper served as Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer since May 2015. In his current role, Mr. Cooper works closely with the Company s Investment Committee, risk team, and organizational leadership in overseeing development and implementation of the Company s acquisition and disposition strategy. Mr. Cooper is also a voting member of the Company s Investment Committee, which approves certain investments, development projects and property dispositions. Mr. Cooper joined the Company in 2006, and he previously served as Vice President of Acquisitions, Dispositions and Asset Management for the Southern Region from 2012 to 2014 and as Senior Vice President from 2014 to 2015. Ross Cooper holds a B.S. from the University of Michigan and a Master s in Real Estate from New York University. Key experience and qualifications to serve on the Board include: Nearly two decades of company experience in roles of increasing responsibility, including President and Chief Investment Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, Senior Vice President, and Vice President of Acquisitions, Dispositions and Asset Management for the Southern Region, providing deep knowledge of the Company s portfolio, markets and operating model. Extensive responsibility for overseeing the Company s acquisition, disposition and asset-management strategy, including working closely with the Investment Committee, risk team and regional leadership to underwrite investments, recycle capital and align the portfolio with the Company s long-term strategic objectives. Voting member of the Company s Investment Committee, which approves certain investments, development projects and property dispositions, demonstrating strong judgment in capital allocation, risk management and strategic oversight of the Company s real estate investments. Formal real estate education, with a B.S. from the University of Michigan and a Master s in Real Estate from New York University, supporting his practical transaction and portfolio-management experience with strong analytical and financial training. Philip E. Coviello Director (Non-Management) Age: 82 Director Since: 2008 Philip E. Coviello serves as a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Coviello was a partner at Latham Watkins LLP, an international law firm, until his retirement from that firm in 2003. In addition, Mr. Coviello has been a Director of Getty Realty Corporation, where he serves as a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committees, and as Chairperson of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Coviello holds an A.B. from Princeton University, an L.L.B. from the Columbia University School of Law and an M.B.A. from the Columbia University School of Business. Key experience and qualifications to serve on the Board include: Over 35 years of experience counseling boards of directors and senior management as a corporate lawyer on corporate governance, regulatory compliance, real estate transactions and other issues affecting public companies. Extensive capital markets and real estate experience as counsel to both issuers and underwriters, including significant involvement in the review and analysis of audited and pro forma financial statements and SEC filings, as well as representing the Company in its initial public offering. Experience as a director of another publicly traded real estate company, including roles on the audit and nominating/corporate governance committees and as chair of the compensation committee, providing additional perspective on best practices in executive compensation, risk oversight and board processes. Educational background that combines legal and business training, with degrees from Princeton University and Columbia University s law and business schools, supporting his ability to evaluate complex legal, financial and strategic issues brought before the Board. 14 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Conor C. Flynn Chief Executive Officer and Director Age: 45 Director Since: 2016 Conor C. Flynn has been the CEO of the Company since January 2016. Mr. Flynn joined the Company in 2003 as an asset manager and has held a variety of senior leadership roles with the organization including President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Investment Officer and President, Western Region. Mr. Flynn holds a B.A. from Yale University and a Masters in Real Estate Development from Columbia University. Mr. Flynn is a member of the Executive Board of National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( Nareit ), and in 2025 served as their Chair. Mr. Flynn is a member and board member of the Real Estate Roundtable. In November 2025, he was appointed as an independent director to the Board of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. He is also a trustee, member of the Executive Board and the 2026 Vice Chairman of the International Council of Shopping Centers ( ICSC ). Key experience and qualifications to serve on the Board include: Over two decades at the Company in leadership roles of increasing responsibility, including Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and President, Western Region, providing deep familiarity with the Company s portfolio, organization, and markets. Extensive knowledge of the shopping center and retail real estate industry and current market trends, informed by his long operating history and direct responsibility for strategy, development, leasing, and capital deployment. Perspective as Chief Executive Officer, together with broad leadership and team-building experience, offering unique insight into the strategic, financial, and operational opportunities and challenges facing the Company. Strong operational background and demonstrated success in repositioning and redeveloping assets to their highest and best use, aligning closely with the Company s long-term objective to adapt its portfolio to the changing retail landscape. Formal real estate training, with a B.A. from Yale University and a Masters in Real Estate Development from Columbia University, complemented by active leadership roles in key industry associations, which enhance his ability to represent stockholder interests and bring external best practices into the boardroom. David Jamieson Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and Director Age: 45 Director Since: 2026 David Jamieson was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in February 2017 and appointed to the Company s Board in January 2026. Prior to that Mr. Jamieson served as Executive Vice President of Asset Management and Operations since 2015. Mr. Jamieson is also a voting member of the Company s Investment Committee, which approves certain investments, development projects and property dispositions. Mr. Jamieson holds a B.S. from Boston College and an M.B.A. from Babson College. Key experience and qualifications to serve on the Board include: Nearly two decades of experience at the Company in roles of increasing responsibility, including Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President of Asset Management and Operations, and Vice President of Asset Management and Leasing for the Western Region, providing deep familiarity with the Company s portfolio, tenants and operating platform. Extensive responsibility for overseeing asset management and operations, including leasing, operating efficiency, and property-level performance, which directly informs the Board s oversight of strategy execution and operating risk. Comprehensive knowledge and understanding of the Company, current industry and market trends, and emerging, technologies including AI, developed through his long operating tenure. Active, voting member of the Company s Investment Committee, contributing to decisions on new investments, development projects and property dispositions, and providing insight into capital allocation and risk management. Leadership in shaping the Company s corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives, aligning long-term environmental and social objectives with business strategy and stockholder expectations. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 15 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Nancy Lashine Director (Non-Management) Age: 69 Director Since: 2025 Nancy Lashine has been a Director of the Company since January 2025. Ms. Lashine serves as a member of the Executive Compensation Committee and Audit Committee. Ms. Lashine is the Founder and CEO of Park Madison Partners, a boutique real asset private equity placement firm. The firm is a leading advisor to investment management firms on their business strategy. Park Madison is headquartered in New York City and is a FINRA regulated broker dealer. Ms. Lashine has over 35 years of real estate and investment marketing experience. Prior to forming Park Madison Partners, Ms. Lashine was a strategic consultant advising leading institutional real estate investment managers on product development and the implementation of institutional marketing initiatives. Clients included Lehman Brothers, Angelo Gordon, ING Clarion, Sentinel Real Estate and JER Partners. Ms. Lashine was an early member of The O Connor Group from 1985 to 1995 and began her finance career at LF Rothschild, Unterberg and Towbin from 1981 to 1985. Ms. Lashine earned her MBA at Columbia University Graduate School of Business, and a BFA, cum laude, from Case Western Reserve in Dance Theatre. She serves on the Columbia MBA Real Estate Advisory Board and is a Global Trustee of Urban Land Institute. Key experience and qualifications to serve on the Board include: Over 35 years of experience in real estate and investment marketing, with deep industry knowledge, relationships and skills in capital markets, real estate investment, due diligence and managing a regulated broker-dealer business. Founder and CEO of a leading real asset private equity placement and advisory firm, providing entrepreneurial leadership experience and a strong foundation in business management and strategic thinking. Extensive analytical skills and financial acumen developed through advising prominent institutional real estate investment managers on product development, capital formation and complex capital solutions, including closed- and open-end funds, programmatic ventures and portfolio recapitalizations. Direct experience operating in a highly regulated environment, enhancing her ability to oversee risk, compliance and governance matters in her roles on the Executive Compensation Committee and Audit Committee. Formal business training, including an MBA from Columbia Business School, and active engagement with industry organizations such as the Columbia MBA Real Estate Advisory Board and Urban Land Institute, which support her ability to bring best practices and an external perspective into the boardroom. Henry Moniz Director (Non-Management) Age: 61 Director Since: 2021 Henry Moniz has been a Director of the Company since January 2021. Mr. Moniz is currently a member of the Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Mr. Moniz joined Meta Platforms, Inc. (formerly Facebook) as Chief Compliance Officer in February of 2021 and formerly served as the Chairman of the board of directors of Meta Payments, Inc. Prior to his move to Facebook, Mr. Moniz was the Executive Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer at Paramount Global (formerly ViacomCBS Inc.), where he also served as Chief Audit Executive. Mr. Moniz was at Paramount Global from 2004 to 2021 and also previously served as Chairman of the Privacy/ IT Security Council; Vice President, Associate General Counsel; and Chairman of the Compliance Committee. Prior to joining Paramount Global, Mr. Moniz was a Partner at Bingham McCutchen (now part of Morgan Lewis), served as Minority Counsel to the U.S. House Judiciary Committee for the Impeachment Inquiry on President Clinton, and as a federal prosecutor in the Boston and Miami United States Attorney s Offices for the U.S. Department of Justice. Mr. Moniz currently serves on the Advisory Board of the Center on the Legal Profession at Harvard Law School. Mr. Moniz previously served through January 2021 on the Advisory Board for Acritas, the legal market data firm that is now part of Thomson Reuters. He holds a J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School and an A.B. from Bowdoin College. Key experience and qualifications to serve on the Board include: Over 30 years of experience counseling boards of directors and senior management on legal and regulatory compliance, ethics, corporate governance and enterprise risk management in highly regulated, technology- and media-focused environments. Extensive risk-management experience in cybersecurity, data privacy and information-technology controls developed through senior compliance and audit leadership roles at major global companies. Broad legal expertise gained as a federal prosecutor, Minority Counsel to the U.S. House Judiciary Committee during a presidential impeachment inquiry, partner at a major law firm, and senior in-house counsel and compliance leader at Paramount Global and Meta Platforms, providing a strong foundation for overseeing complex legal, regulatory and reputational risks. Ongoing involvement with leading academic and professional organizations, including service on the Advisory Board of the Center on the Legal Profession at Harvard Law School, which supports his ability to bring emerging best practices in governance and compliance into the boardroom. 16 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Mary Hogan Preusse Director (Non-Management) Chair of Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Age: 57 Director Since: 2017 Mary Hogan Preusse has been a Director of the Company since February 2017. Ms. Hogan Preusse currently serves as the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a member of the Executive Compensation Committee. Ms. Hogan Preusse retired from APG Asset Management US Inc., a leading manager of pension assets, in May 2017. She joined APG s predecessor in 2000 as a senior portfolio analyst and portfolio manager, and served from January 2008 to May 2017 as Managing Director and co-head of Americas Real Estate for APG Asset Management US Inc. She also served on the Executive Board of APG Asset Management US Inc. from 2008 until 2017. Prior to joining APG, Ms. Hogan Preusse spent eight years as a sell-side analyst covering the REIT sector and began her career at Merrill Lynch as an investment banking analyst. Ms. Hogan Preusse currently serves on the boards of directors of Digital Realty Trust, Inc., Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and Realty Income Corporation, and serves as a senior adviser to Fifth Wall Ventures Management LLC. She previously served on the board of directors of VEREIT, Inc. until its merger with Realty Income Corporation in November 2021. In 2015, she was the recipient of Nareit s E. Lawrence Miller Industry Achievement Award for her contributions to the REIT industry. Ms. Hogan Preusse holds an A.B. in Mathematics from Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine and has served as a member of Bowdoin s Board of Trustees since 2012. Key experience and qualifications to serve on the Board include: Significant experience in the REIT industry, including more than 30 years analyzing and underwriting REITs as both a buy-side portfolio manager and a sell-side research analyst, as well as frequent participation as a panelist and speaker at industry conferences. Direct responsibility for managing APG s public real estate investments across North and South America, with approximately $13 billion in assets under management at the time of her announced departure, providing deep insight into institutional investor expectations, capital markets and long-term portfolio construction. Extensive experience engaging with management teams and boards of publicly traded REITs on strategy, governance and compensation matters throughout her asset-management career and in her current roles on the boards of Digital Realty Trust, Host Hotels Resorts and Realty Income. Recognized REIT industry leadership, including receipt of Nareit s E. Lawrence Miller Industry Achievement Award and ongoing service on REIT-focused advisory bodies, which supports her in her role as Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and as a member of the Executive Compensation Committee. Valerie Richardson Director (Non-Management), Chair of the Executive Compensation Committee Age: 67 Director Since: 2018 Valerie Richardson has been a Director of the Company since June 2018. Ms. Richardson is currently the Chair of the Executive Compensation Committee and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Ms. Richardson has served as a member of the board of directors of American Healthcare REIT, Inc. since January 2023 and previously served as the Vice President of Real Estate for The Container Store, Inc. from September 2000 until February 2021. Prior to joining The Container Store in the fall of 2000, Ms. Richardson was Senior Vice President Real Estate and Development for Ann Taylor, Inc., the specialty women s apparel retailer, where she administered the company s store expansion strategy for Ann Taylor and Ann Taylor Loft. Before Ann Taylor, Ms. Richardson was Vice President of Real Estate and Development of Barnes Noble, Inc., the country s largest bookselling retailer. Prior to Barnes Noble, Ms. Richardson was a Partner in the Shopping Center Division of the Dallas-based developer, Trammell Crow Company. She was elected ICSC Chairman for the 2018-2019 term as the first Chairman associated with a retail company and ICSC Vice-Chairperson for the 2017-2018 term. Ms. Richardson currently serves on the Board of the ICSC Foundation, and previously served as Chief Operating Officer of ICSC from 2021-2025. Ms. Richardson served as a Trustee at Baylor Scott White Medical Center Plano from 2010 to 2016. Ms. Richardson holds an M.B.A. in Real Estate from the University of North Texas and a B.S. in Education from Texas State University. Key experience and qualifications to serve on the Board include: Over 40 years of experience in the retail industry in senior real estate and development roles at major national retailers, providing a broad understanding of retail shopping center operations, retailer site-selection criteria, and real estate strategy. Significant leadership experience at The Container Store, Ann Taylor, Barnes Noble and Trammell Crow, offering insight into store expansion, merchandising-driven real estate decisions and landlord-tenant dynamics across multiple retail formats and cycles. Extensive involvement with ICSC, including service as Chair, Vice-Chairperson, Chief Operating Officer and current Foundation Board member, which provides perspective on global industry best practices and performance trends across public and private retailers and real estate companies. Public-company board and committee experience at American Healthcare REIT, together with her role as a member of the Company s Executive Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees, supporting strong oversight of executive pay, succession planning, and board governance. Prior service as a trustee and head of the Quality Committee at Baylor Scott White Medical Center Plano, contributing additional corporate governance experience and significant time interfacing with management and directors in a highly regulated, stakeholder-sensitive environment. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 17 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Richard B. Saltzman Independent Chairman (Non-Management), Chair of Audit Committee Age: 69 Director Since: 2003 Richard B. Saltzman has served as Independent Chairman of the Board since April 2025. Mr. Saltzman is the Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Executive Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. He also currently serves, since October 2019, as Senior Advisor at Peaceable Street Capital, a provider of participating preferred equity capital to income producing commercial real estate owners and operators. Mr. Saltzman also serves on the board of directors of Equiem Holdings Pty. Ltd. Mr. Saltzman previously served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Colony Capital, Inc. (NYSE: CLNY) from 2015 to 2018 and previously served as Senior Advisor and Chairman of the Board of Managers at Ranger Global Real Estate Advisors, an independent SEC-registered investment advisor focused exclusively on the publicly traded global real estate universe. He also served as Chairman of the Board of NorthStar Realty Europe Corp. until August 2019 and Chairman of the Board of Colony Credit Real Estate, Inc., until May 2020. Prior to joining various predecessors of Colony Capital in 2003, Mr. Saltzman spent 24 years in the investment banking business, most recently as a Managing Director and Vice Chairman of Merrill Lynch s investment banking division. Mr. Saltzman received a Nareit Industry Leadership Award in 1999 for his significant and lasting contributions to the REIT industry. Mr. Saltzman holds a B.A. from Swarthmore College and an M.S. from Carnegie Mellon University. Key experience and qualifications to serve on the Board include: More than 45 years of experience in real estate and financial services, including roles as a principal investor, investment manager and investment banker, providing deep expertise in capital markets, structured finance and strategic transactions. Significant REIT experience through leadership positions at Colony Capital and its predecessors, and prior roles advising REITs on initial public offerings, follow-on offerings, other capital markets products and mergers and acquisitions, giving him a broad perspective on industry best practices and stockholder expectations. Extensive board and committee service across multiple public real estate companies, including prior chair roles at NorthStar Realty Europe Corp., and Colony Credit Real Estate, Inc., as well as service on the boards of RXR Acquisition Corp. (where he served as Chairman of the Audit Committee), Colony Capital Inc., and Colony Starwood Homes, which enhances his ability to oversee audit, compensation and corporate governance matters as Independent Chairman and Chair of the Audit Committee. Deep direct interaction with the Company in various capacities, contributing deep knowledge of the Company s history, strategy and capital-markets activities and supporting continuity and long-term strategic oversight. A long history of active engagement with industry organizations such as former roles as a Trustee of Nareit, Trustee of the Urban Land Institute, Board Member and Treasurer of the Pension Real Estate Association, and Board Member and Chair of the Capital Policy Advisory Committee at the Real Estate Roundtable, which contribute to his deep industry knowledge. 18 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Compensation of Directors Non-employee directors are compensated for their service on our Board as shown below. Directors who are employees of the Company receive no additional compensation for serving as directors. The non-management directors may be granted awards of deferred stock in lieu of directors fees under the Company s 2025 Equity Participation Plan, as amended and/or restated from time to time (the Equity Plan ). Unless otherwise provided by the Board, a grantee of deferred stock shall have no rights as a Company stockholder with respect to such deferred stock until such time as the common stock underlying the award has been issued. Elements of 2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation Annual cash retainer for Board service $60,000 Additional annual cash retainer for: Chairman of the Board (effective as of annual meeting, May 2025) $125,000 Lead Independent Director (effective through annual meeting, May 2025) $50,000 Non-Chair Members of the: Audit Committee $20,000 Executive Compensation Committee $10,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee $6,000 Chair of the: Audit Committee $45,000 Executive Compensation Committee $35,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee $25,000 Restricted Stock or LTIP Unit award (approximate grant value date) (1) $175,000 (1) Restricted stock awards granted in 2025 vest in 20% increments over a five-year period from the date of grant, subject to continued service. Non-employee directors may receive an award of LTIP Units (as defined below) in lieu of a restricted stock award, with similar vesting terms. Non-Management Director Compensation for 2025 The following table sets forth the compensation that each non-management director earned in the calendar year 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) Total ($) Philip E. Coviello 86,000 175,098 261,098 Nancy Lashine 90,000 175,098 265,098 Frank Lourenso 90,000 175,098 265,098 Henry Moniz 86,000 175,098 261,098 Mary Hogan Preusse 120,000 175,098 295,098 Valerie Richardson 101,000 175,098 276,098 Richard B. Saltzman 183,500 175,098 358,598 (1) As of December 31, 2025, Messrs. Lourenso and Saltzman were entitled to 51,649 shares and 86,569 shares of deferred stock, respectively. (2) Amounts reflect the dollar amount, without any reduction for risk of forfeiture, of the equity awards granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 based on the aggregate grant date fair value, calculated in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 718. The assumptions used by the Company in calculating these amounts are incorporated herein by reference to Note 24 to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, Messrs. Lourenso, Coviello, and Moniz and Ms. Richardson each held 25,694 shares of unvested restricted stock, and Mr. Saltzman and Ms. Hogan Preusse each held 9,782 shares of unvested restricted stock. As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Saltzman and Ms. Hogan Preusse also each held 15,912 unvested LTIP Units, and Ms. Lashine held 8,720 unvested LTIP Units. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 19 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors Executive Officers The executive officers of the Company serve in their respective capacities for approximately one-year terms and are subject to election by the Board, generally at the meeting of the Board following the Annual Meeting. Please see Proposal 1 Election of Directors Information Regarding Nominees starting on page 14, for information regarding Ross Cooper, Conor C. Flynn and David Jamieson. Glenn Cohen Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Age: 62 Tenure: 1995 Glenn G. Cohen was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company in June 2010. Mr. Cohen served as Treasurer of the Company from 1997-2024. Mr. Cohen is a voting member of the Company s Investment Committee, which approves certain investments, development projects and property dispositions. Mr. Cohen directs the Company s financial and capital strategy and oversees the day-to-day accounting, financial reporting and planning, tax, and capital market activities. In addition, Mr. Cohen was responsible for the information technology activities of the Company through October 2025. Mr. Cohen is an Independent Director for Piedmont Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: PDM), a real estate investment trust focused on the ownership and management of primarily Class A commercial office space. Mr. Cohen is Chairman of its Executive Compensation Committee and a member of its Audit Committee. Mr. Cohen was an Independent Director for Quality Care Properties, Inc. (NYSE: QCP), one of the nation s largest actively-managed real estate investment trusts, specializing in post-acute/skilled nursing and managed care/assisted living properties. Mr. Cohen was a member of its Audit Committee. QCP was acquired by Welltower, Inc. (NYSE: WELL) in 2018. Prior to joining Kimco Realty Corporation in 1995 as Director of Accounting and Taxation, Mr. Cohen served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for U.S. Balloon Manufacturing Company, Chief Financial Officer for EMCO Sales and Service, L.P. and six years at the public accounting firm Coopers Lybrand, LLP (predecessor to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP), where he served as a manager in the audit group. Mr. Cohen received a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from the State University of New York at Albany in 1985 and is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Cohen is a member of Nareit, ICSC, New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants (NYSSCPA) and the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA). 20 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Proposal 2: Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation Proposal 2: Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation In accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, we are providing our stockholders with a vote for the approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the Company s executive compensation, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. Our Board is committed to corporate governance best practices and recognizes the substantial interests that stockholders have in executive compensation matters. The Executive Compensation Committee of our Board has designed our executive compensation programs to achieve the following key objectives: Objective How our compensation programs reflect this objective Achieve long-term Company performance Align executive compensation with the Company s and the individual s performance Make a substantial portion of total compensation variable with performance Align executives and stockholders interests Provide executives with the opportunity to participate in the ownership of the Company Reward executives for long-term growth in the value of our stock Link executive pay to specific, measurable results intended to create value for stockholders Motivate executives to achieve key performance goals Compensate executives with performance-based awards that depend upon the achievement of established corporate targets Reward executives for individual contributions to the Company s achievement of Company-wide performance measures Attract and retain a talented executive team Utilize an independent compensation consultant and market survey data to understand pay relative to peer companies We encourage stockholders to review the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section beginning on page 22 of this Proxy Statement, which describes in detail our executive compensation philosophy and the design of our executive compensation programs. Our Board believes the Company s executive compensation programs are effective in creating value for our stockholders and moving the Company towards realizing its long-term goals. The Company has historically determined to hold a Say-on-Pay advisory vote every year, and we expect that the next Say-on-Pay advisory vote will occur at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. In accordance with Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we are asking our stockholders to approve the compensation of our NEOs by casting a vote FOR the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the Company s stockholders approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table for 2025 and the other related tables and narrative disclosure. The vote sought by this proposal is advisory and not binding on the Company, the Board or the Executive Compensation Committee. Although the vote is advisory and non-binding, the Company, the Board and the Executive Compensation Committee value the input of the Company s stockholders, and the Executive Compensation Committee will consider the outcome of the vote when making future executive compensation determinations. Vote Required The vote required for the advisory resolution to approve the Company s executive compensation is the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the proposal. For purposes of this advisory resolution, abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the result of the vote. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 21 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Discussion Analysis Named Executive Officers Our Compensation Discussion Analysis ( CD A ) describes Kimco s 2025 executive compensation program for its named executive officers, or NEOs, listed below: Milton Cooper, Chairman Emeritus (Former Executive Chairman) Conor C. Flynn, Chief Executive Officer Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer Glenn G. Cohen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David Jamieson, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Our Compensation Philosophy Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, motivate, and retain leaders who can drive our Company s strategic objectives and long-term success. We structure compensation to remain competitive with comparable organizations, reflect geographic considerations, and align the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders. Our NEOs are primarily compensated through base salary, annual cash incentives, and equity awards, including long-term performance-based incentives. We continuously evaluate and refine our executive compensation programs to reflect evolving governance best practices, our Company s strategic priorities, and the scale and complexity of our business. We believe the compensation actually realized by our executives demonstrates our commitment to aligning management s interests with those of our stockholders. The highlights below underscore our focus on pay for performance and our strong executive compensation governance framework. Oversight of Compensation Our Board has an Executive Compensation Committee (the Committee or the Executive Compensation Committee ) that administers and monitors what and how we pay our NEOs and other executives. The Committee held six meetings in 2025. The Committee is currently comprised of Valerie Richardson (Chair), Nancy Lashine, Frank Lourenso, Mary Hogan Preusse and Richard B. Saltzman. The Committee routinely consults with its third-party, independent compensation consultant and other advisors as well as through stockholder engagement activities in making its decisions, as it deems appropriate. The Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors as defined by the NYSE Listed Company Manual. In 2025, the Committee s compensation decisions were grounded in a pay for performance framework that reflected the Company s achievement against pre-established corporate and financial performance goals, as well as individual contributions, with a focus on reinforcing pay for performance outcomes. The Committee determined that compensation results appropriately reflected the Company s strong portfolio wide performance and effective execution of its long term strategy to be a leading owner and operator of open air, grocery anchored shopping centers and have a growing portfolio of mixed use assets in the U.S. Executive Compensation Highlights WHAT WE DO Align pay with performance against pre-established goals and objectives reviewed and approved by the Committee Deliver a substantial portion of the value of equity awards in performance-based awards Include Corporate Responsibility metrics in our annual incentive program Review and approve our annual and long-term incentive plan awards Pay dividends earned on performance-based equity awards only after the awards are earned and vested Review our peer group annually Use an independent compensation consultant Have severance arrangements but not employment agreements Have a compensation clawback policy Maintain a 100% independent Executive Compensation Committee Conduct annual assessments of performance-based compensation WHAT WE DO NOT DO Provide payment gross-ups for taxes Provide compensation or incentives that encourage unreasonable risk-taking 22 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis 2025 Say-on-Pay Results and Stockholder Engagement At our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we provided our stockholders the opportunity to cast a non-binding, advisory vote to approve the compensation of our NEOs. Consistent with stockholder preference, we expect to continue to hold an advisory Say-on-Pay vote on an annual basis. Our Say-on-Pay proposals have received consistently strong support. Since 2021, each Say-on-Pay proposal has received approval of at least 95% of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes), including the Say-on-Pay proposal submitted at our 2025 Annual Meeting. The Committee has carefully considered the results of the 2025 Say-on-Pay vote and believes the high level of stockholder support demonstrates investor confidence in our executive compensation program and its alignment with stockholder interests. In particular, the Committee views the results as validation of (i) the significant emphasis on performance-based compensation, (ii) the balance between performance-based and time-based equity awards, and (iii) the continued appropriateness of our peer group used for determining executive compensation. The Committee will continue to consider the results of future Say-on-Pay votes, along with ongoing stockholder feedback and evolving market practices, when making compensation decisions for our NEOs. Historical Say-on-Pay Votes kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 23 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Comparison to Competitive Market The Executive Compensation Committee reviews competitive compensation data from a select group of peer companies and broader survey sources. However, NEO compensation is not a direct function of market pay levels. Instead, the Executive Compensation Committee uses market data to help confirm that its NEO pay practices are reasonable. For 2025, the Executive Compensation Committee, in consultation with its independent compensation advisor, conducted its annual review of the benchmarking peer group and determined that no revisions were warranted. The Committee concluded that the current peer group remained appropriately aligned with Kimco s business mix, including its multi-family growth, and its relative size and market capitalization. Our senior management team proposed the peer group of companies by evaluating a range of objective criteria including relative revenue levels and market capitalization, companies that have identified the Company as a peer, and peer groups used by proxy advisory firms. The peer group and the criteria utilized were reviewed and approved by the Executive Compensation Committee and independently reviewed by Pay Governance. Pay Governance reports directly to the Executive Compensation Committee and, in 2025, provided no services to the Company other than executive compensation consulting services. The Executive Compensation Committee reviews compensation data specific to the individual constituents of each peer company as provided in the respective annual proxy statements. The survey sources utilized by the Executive Compensation Committee in reviewing executive compensation provide aggregate data, and the Executive Compensation Committee is not provided with compensation data specific to any individual constituent company in the surveys, other than any overlap between the survey constituent companies and our peer group discussed above. Peer Company Reviewed in 2024 for Setting 2025 Compensation Reviewed in 2025 for Setting 2026 Compensation AvalonBay Communities Inc. a a BXP, Inc. a a Brixmor Property Group a a Equity Residential a a Essex Property Trust a a Federal Realty Investment Trust a a Healthpeak Properties a a Kite Realty Group a a Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. a a Public Storage a a Realty Income Corp. a a Regency Centers Corp. a a The Macerich Company a a Urban Edge Properties a a W.P. Carey a a 24 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Elements of our Executive Compensation Program Our executive compensation program provides pay-for-performance compensation that we believe is aligned with the interests of our stockholders and is designed to continue to attract, retain and appropriately motivate our key employees who drive long-term value creation. Adjusted FFO per diluted share, Recurring EBITDA including the pro-rata share of joint ventures ( Recurring EBITDA ), and Leverage, defined as consolidated debt plus the pro-rata share of joint venture debt divided by the total gross consolidated assets and the pro-rata share of joint venture gross assets, are the Company-defined financial metrics used in our annual incentive program, ensuring that pay and performance, as measured in our executive compensation program, are aligned. The Committee also assesses each NEO s individual contributions to the Company s performance in determining awards under our annual incentive program. The primary components of our executive compensation program, for purposes of establishing 2025 targeted pay, were: Consistent with our executive compensation program, the significant majority of the total compensation for our CEO and all other NEOs for 2025 was performance-based, commensurate with business results, and at risk unless such business results were achieved, as illustrated below**. * Amounts are based on the Summary Compensation Table for 2025 on page 34, but exclude shares of restricted stock granted in 2025 to Mr. Milton Cooper and the value of the LTIP Units (and corresponding Dividend Equivalent Units) granted to Mr. Flynn in lieu of their 2024 annual bonus. ** For purposes of the illustration, Annual Incentive Award includes both performance-based incentive compensation earned under the Company s annual incentive plan and the payment awarded to the NEOs for 2025 (as described in the Summary Compensation Table below). The payment was not granted under the Company s annual incentive plan and should not be viewed as part of the ongoing incentive. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 25 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Base Salary In reviewing our NEOs base salaries, the Executive Compensation Committee considers each NEO s scope of responsibilities, individual qualifications and experience, future potential, past performance and the practices of our peer group, without applying a quantitative formula. We did not seek a specific target within our peer group. Base salary increases, if any, are effective January 1 and are approved by the Board and the Committee. No formulaic base salary increases are provided to the NEOs, and other forms of compensation are generally used to reward overall Company performance or exceptional performance of a particular NEO. The annual base salaries for our NEOs for 2025 were unchanged from their 2024 annual base salaries, excluding Milton Cooper who had a reduction in his base salary on January 21, 2025 to $70,000 in connection with the transition of his role to the role of Chairman Emeritus. Annual Incentive Plan Under our executive compensation program, each NEO was eligible to earn an annual cash incentive award for the 2025 performance year, except Mr. Milton Cooper, who was no longer eligible to participate in our annual incentive plan following his transition to Chairman Emeritus during 2025. Annual incentive awards are intended to reward the achievement of key corporate, individual and corporate responsibility objectives against specific pre-established quantitative and qualitative goals reviewed and approved by the Executive Compensation Committee (as further discussed starting on page 27) that support the Company s long-term strategy and stockholder value creation. For 2025, each NEO s annual incentive opportunity was based on the following weighted performance measures, as established in advance by the Executive Compensation Committee: 60% Corporate / Financial Performance, based on the Company s performance relative to pre-established targets for: 1. Adjusted FFO per diluted share compared to Target FFO, 2. Recurring EBITDA compared to Target EBITDA, and 3. Leverage compared to Target Leverage. 30% Individual Performance, based on the NEO s achievement of specific pre-established quantitative and qualitative goals, as evaluated by the Executive Compensation Committee. 10% Corporate Responsibility Performance, based on progress toward pre-established corporate responsibility initiatives. The Committee reviewed performance against each of these measures and exercised judgement, where appropriate, in determining final annual incentive payouts. Additional detail regarding the Company s performance objectives, target-setting process and Committee evaluation is discussed beginning on page 27. For purposes of the Annual Incentive Plan, Recurring EBITDA is calculated starting with EBITDA, as described in Annex A on page 51, and excludes the effects of certain transactional income and expenses. We define Adjusted FFO per diluted share in Annex A on page 50. The table below shows the percentage of the 2025 Total Annual Target Bonus that each of our NEOs would receive based on achievement of specified levels for corporate / financial performance, individual performance and achievement of certain Corporate Responsibility initiatives. Performance Criteria Annual Incentive Earned as Percent of the 2025 Total Annual Target Bonus (1) Corporate / Financial Performance Threshold Target Exceed Target Maximum Adjusted FFO per diluted share 18.0% 36.0% 54.0% 72.0% Recurring EBITDA 6.0% 12.0% 18.0% 24.0% Leverage 6.0% 12.0% 18.0% 24.0% Individual Performance 7.5% 30.0% 45.0% 60.0% Evaluation of individual NEO performance by the Executive Compensation Committee against specific quantitative and qualitative goals approved by the Board Corporate Responsibility Performance 2.5% 10.0% 15.0% 20.0% Evaluation against specific Corporate Responsibility goals Total 2025 Annual Bonus 40.0% 100.0% 150.0% 200.0% (1) The annual bonus is linearly interpolated between the specified performance levels. In establishing the target bonuses, we considered the responsibilities of each NEO, Mr. Flynn s recommendations (other than with respect to his own target bonus) and the peer group practices discussed in Comparison to Competitive Market. The Committee awarded 2025 bonuses based on the following analysis of our corporate / financial performance, each applicable NEO s individual performance and the achievement of certain Corporate Responsibility initiatives. 26 Proxy Statement 2026 kimcorealty.com Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Corporate / Financial Performance The table below sets forth the Company s Threshold , Target, Exceed Target, and Maximum levels for each of its corporate and financial performance measures, as well as the actual 2025 performance for each such measure. As noted below, 2025 performance resulted in the achievement of the Adjusted FFO per diluted share and Recurring EBITDA measures at the maximum level of performance while the Leverage measure was achieved at target level but did not meet the exceed target level and was interpolated linearly between these two levels. Corporate/Financial Measure Threshold Target Exceed Target Maximum 2025 Actual Performance Level Achieved Adjusted FFO per diluted share $1.67 $1.69 $1.71 $1.73 $1.76 Maximum Recurring EBITDA $1,520.0M $1,550.0M $1,565.0M $1,580.0M $1,602.5M Maximum Leverage 36.5% 35.5% 35.0% 34.5% 35.3% Target Individual Performance The Executive Compensation Committee considers each NEO s overall performance in determining the individual performance component of each NEO s annual bonus. For the NEOs other than the CEO, the Committee also considers our CEO s evaluation of each NEO s performance and his recommendations for the individual performance bonuses. The Committee awarded each of Messrs. Ross Cooper, Cohen and Jamieson bonuses for calendar year 2025 based on recommendations made by Mr. Flynn and the Committee s assessment of their 2025 performance compared to specific quantitative and qualitative goals. The Committee awarded Mr. Flynn s bonus for calendar year 2025 based on the Committee s review of Mr. Flynn s 2025 performance. The material components of such contributions include but are not limited to: Conor C. Flynn Drove earnings growth and operating outperformance: Delivered 6.7% Nareit FFO growth per diluted share and strong net operating income ( NOI ) growth through higher rents, healthy operating margins, and strong tenant retention. Executed disciplined external growth: Ended 2025 as a net acquirer, completing $270 million of acquisitions (including two structured investment conversions and a JV buyout) while executing $120 million of strategic dispositions. Advanced mixed-use and grocery-anchored growth initiatives: Increased the number of entitled multifamily units from approximately 12,400 to 14,200, converted nine sites to grocery-anchored with 17 additional grocers under construction at year end. Implemented capital rotation strategy: Enabled nearly $100 million of low-growth ground leases to be monetized and reinvested into the acquisition of higher yielding shopping centers and structured investments as well as capital-light JV structures for The Chester and Coulter Place multifamily projects. Strengthened portfolio quality and durability: Increased the percentage of annual base rent ( ABR ) from grocery-anchored centers from 84% to 86%, by converting nine sites from non-grocer sites to grocer sites, and acquiring two high quality grocery properties. Enhanced balance sheet strength and credit profile: Ended 2025 at 5.4x consolidated net debt to EBITDA, supporting the Company s A- /A3 credit ratings. Delivered redevelopment value creation: Completed 21 individual projects generating a blended stabilized yield of 13.4%. Expanded specialized leasing and innovation initiatives: Grew other rental property income 9.2% year-over-year, advanced omnichannel and data-driven leasing tools, and launched the Office of Innovation Transformation ( OIT ) to accelerate automation and efficiency. Maintained strong stakeholder engagement and leadership: Participated in over 25 investor events, engaging with rating agencies, serving in industry leadership roles (Nareit Chair, ICSC Vice Chair), achieving 88% employee engagement, and exceeding community giving goals with $1.5 million in contributions. Ross Cooper Executed disciplined acquisition strategy: Completed all planned acquisitions (including Markets at Town Center and two Las Vegas leasehold conversions), while selectively adding high-quality assets such as Tanasbourne Village (via 1031 exchange) and a second structured investment conversion in Jackson Heights, New York, despite a challenging cost of capital environment. Actively managed the structured investment platform: Sourced multiple new-high-yielding investments to offset approximately $250 million of anticipated repayments to avoid earnings dilution and maintain accretive returns. Executed programmatic disposition strategy: Monetized low-growth ground leases and recycling gains into tax efficient 1031 acquisitions, while continuing to prune non-core assets. Leveraged contractual rights and partnership opportunities to drive accretive growth: Utilized Rights of First Offer and/or Refusal and JV buyout opportunities to complete the acquisitions of The Shoppes at 82nd Street, The Markets at Town Center, and Tanasbourne Village while exercising discipline by passing on less compelling structured investment opportunities. Progressed strategic capital initiatives: Evaluated JV structures and third-party capital sources to support future mixed-use and core retail investments, while preparing for multifamily dispositions in 2026. Actively managed various institutional joint venture portfolios: Maintained close partner engagement while extending debt maturities to support an orderly, value-maximizing exit strategy. Advanced major redevelopment and densification projects: The near completion of the Coulter Place multifamily project and breaking ground on the newest multifamily development, The Chester @ Westlake Shopping Center, while coordinating with internal teams to optimize structuring to minimize near-term FFO drag. Strengthened investor visibility and internal leadership: Participated in a multitude of conferences, meetings, and roadshows, while maintaining strong internal communication and supporting team development. Provided consistent organizational leadership and process discipline: Led biweekly disposition calls and monthly acquisition calls, expanded external relationship building through ICSC, investor, and broker engagements. kimcorealty.com Proxy Statement 2026 27 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Glenn G. Cohen Delivered strong financial performance and per share growth: Achieved Nareit FFO per diluted share of $1.76, exceeding financial targets and representing 6.7% growth per diluted share, driven by higher NOI, faster rent commencements, improved margins, and disciplined G A management. Exceeded same-site NOI growth targets: Backfilled over 90% of bankruptcy related vacancies and increased pro-rata leased occupancy year-over-year to 96.4%, matching the company s all-time high. Executed the capital plan with disciplined recycling: Generated over $120 million from strategic dispositions and redeployed proceeds into $270 million of high-quality shopping center acquisitions, and invested more than $260 million in structured investments funded by $340 million of repayments. Strengthened the balance sheet flexibility and reduced financing costs: Ended the year with over $2.2 billion of immediate liquidity, successfully refinanced and repaid all 2025 unsecured debt maturities, issued a $500 million unsecured bond, and achieved interest expense savings by removing SOFR adjustments on over $1.2 billion of term loans. Achieved a historic credit milestone: Became the only retail REIT with A- /A3 credit rating from the three largest ratings agencies, following upgrades from S P and Moody s, supported by consolidated net debt to EBITDA of 5.4x. Modernized and strengthened lease administration: Completed a comprehensive restructuring and launched a new model that improved accountability, accuracy, collections, dispute resolution, and common area maintenance and real estate tax recoveries alignment with corporate accounting, all contributing to FFO performance. Enhanced stockholder value through disciplined capital allocation: Opportunistically repurchased 6.1 million common shares and $2.9 million of convertible preferred shares, while maintaining a low dividend payout ratio on adjusted FFO. Deepened capital markets and banking relationships: Maintained active engagement across more than 20 banking partners, advanced a commercial paper program for 2026, and sustained proactive dialogue with rating agencies to support upgrades and strategic transactions. Continued to drive automation and operational efficiency: Deployed new robotics to streamline multi-level accounting entries and other recurring workflows across financial operations. David Jamieson Drove leasing strategy and portfolio occupancy: Increased pro-rata leased occupancy year-over-year to 96.4%, matching the company s all-time high. Delivered leasing outperformance through focused execution: Prioritized new tenant openings, maintained strong tenant retention, and expanded the percentage of ABR from grocery-anchored shopping centers. Unlocked capital through ground lease optimization: Restructured low-growth ground leases and subdivided multiple parcels, enabled the monetization of approximately $100 million of sales, while establishing a multi-year ground lease disposition pipeline. Led the creation of a recurring multifamily development and monetization program: Followed an extensive internal and third-party review, accelerated the stabilization and sale of multifamily properties as a source of low-cost capital, recycled proceeds into higher yielding, higher growth shopping centers. Advanced operating model transformation: Conducted a comprehensive assessment of leasing and asset management teams that resulted in the transition to a streamlined, functional organizational structure in 2026, aligning with the broader company and enhancing scalability and execution. Expanded future earnings visibility: increased the pipeline of leases Signed Not Opened by $17 million year-over-year, directly contributing to future same site NOI and FFO growth, while surpassing the grocery-anchored ABR target to reach 86%. Delivered development and redevelopment execution: Expanded the number of multifamily entitlements and redevelopment opportunities, including the near completion of the Coulter Place multifamily project and commencement of construction on The Chester, a new multifamily development. Advanced technology and innovation initiatives: Established the OIT, launched phase II of the internal interactive site plan, commenced an AI roadmap, and p