=== KIM_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of material risks to us, including, to the extent material, to our competitive position, relating to governmental regulations, and see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto for a discussion of material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations, including, to the extent material, the effects that compliance with governmental regulations may have upon our capital expenditures and earnings. Human Capital Resources The Company believes that its associates are one of its strongest resources. The Company is committed to best practices in all phases of the associate life cycle, including recruitment, training, development and promotion. By cultivating high levels of associate satisfaction, management’s goal is to ensure the Company remains a significant driving force in commercial real estate well into the future. The Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring, developing, and supporting a collaborative workforce. The Company takes steps to support its commitment that employment decisions (including how persons are recruited, hired, assigned and promoted) are not made on the basis of any legally protected characteristic. All of our employees must adhere to a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that sets standards for appropriate behavior and includes required, regular internal training on preventing, identifying, reporting and stopping any type of discrimination and/or retaliation. To attract and retain high performing individuals, we are committed to partnering with our associates to provide opportunities for their professional development and promote their health and well-being. We offer a broad range of benefits, and we believe our compensation package and benefits are competitive with others in our industry. In addition to base salary, many of our associates participate in an annual bonus plan and receive annual equity awards. Our benefits programs include a robust offering of medical, dental, vision, life, disability and a number of exciting ancillary benefits, all of which require modest associate contributions or are offered at no cost to associates. The Company also provides a Safe Harbor 401(k) program with both pretax and Roth offerings including a robust, fully vested matching contribution. The Company has earned Great Place to Work certification for eight consecutive years and has been recognized as a recipient of Best Workplaces in Real Estate, Best Workplaces in New York, and Best Workplaces for Millennials. 7 The Company operates under a hybrid work model, which balances valuable face-to-face interactions with individual preferences for ideal work conditions. By focusing on communication, collaboration, and innovation, and by encouraging associates to be deliberate in where and how they choose to work, the model results in an engaged, satisfied and efficient workforce. The Company’s executive and management team promotes a true “open door” environment in which all feedback and suggestions are welcome. Whether it be through regular face-to-face discussion, all employee calls, department meetings, frequent training sessions, Coffee Connections with the executive team, use of our BRAVO recognition program, participation in our leadership development programs, or suggestions through the Company's internet portal, associates are encouraged to be inquisitive and share ideas. Those ideas have resulted in a number of programs and benefit enhancements. The Company promotes physical and mental health, including access to a national gym membership program and no cost access to numerous health and wellness applications for associates and their family members. It supports an internal Wellness Council and hosts regular wellness and nutrition seminars and health screenings. Engaging in the community is important to the Company and its associates. Across the Company's numerous offices, associates host volunteer and social activities. The Company promotes and supports associate volunteerism with two volunteer days off per year and a Company matching program in support of each associate's charitable endeavors. Employees may participate in KIMunity Councils focused in the areas of culture, charitable and in-kind giving, wellness, sustainability, and tenant engagement. The Company's executive offices are located at 500 North Broadway, Suite 201, Jericho, NY 11753, a mixed-use property that is wholly-owned by the Company, and its telephone number is 516-869-9000 or 1-800-764-7114. Nearly all corporate functions, including legal, data processing, finance and accounting are administered by the Company from its executive offices in Jericho, New York and supported by the Company’s regional offices. As of December 31, 2025, a total of 710 persons were employed by the Company, of which 32% were located in our corporate office with the remainder located in 30 offices throughout the United States or working remotely. The average tenure of our employees was 10.1 years. Corporate Responsibility Programs The Company strives to build a thriving and viable business, one that succeeds by delivering long-term value for its stakeholders. We believe that the Company’s Corporate Responsibility programs are aligned with its core business strategy of creating destinations for everyday living that inspire a sense of community and deliver value to its many stakeholders. The Company’s Board of Directors sets the objectives for Company’s overall Corporate Responsibility programs and oversees enterprise risk management. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Company’s efforts with regard to the Company’s Corporate Responsibility matters. As a real estate portfolio owner, the Company works to monitor physical and transition risks as well as opportunities posed to its business by climate change and quantifies and discloses the climate information regarding its activities. Climate risks and opportunities are generally evaluated at both the corporate and individual asset level. The following table summarizes relevant climate risks identified as a part of the Company’s ongoing risk assessment process. The Company may be subject to other climate risks not included below. 8 Climate Risk Description Physical Risk Acute Hazards - Windstorms Increased frequency and intensity of windstorms, such as hurricanes, could lead to property damage, loss of property value, increased operating and capital costs and insurance premiums, and interruptions to business operations. Acute Hazards - Flooding Change in rainfall conditions leading to increased frequency and severity of flooding could lead to property damage, loss of property value, increased operating and capital costs and insurance premiums, and interruptions to business operations. Acute Hazards and Chronic Stressors - Wildfires Change in fire potential could lead to permanent loss of property, stress on human health (air quality) and stress on ecosystem services. Chronic Stressors - Sea Level Rise Rising sea levels could lead to storm surge and other potential impacts for low-lying coastal properties leading to damage, loss of property value, increased operating and capital costs and insurance premiums, and interruptions to business operations. Chronic Stressors - Heat and Water Stress Increases in temperature could lead to droughts and decreased available water supply could lead to higher utility usage and supply interruptions. Transition Risk Policy and Legal Regulations at the federal, state and local levels, in addition to stakeholder adherence to international regulations, could impose additional operating and capital costs associated with utilities, energy efficiency, building materials and building design. Reputation and Market Increased interest among retail tenants in building efficiency, sustainable design criteria and "green leases," which incorporate provisions intended to promote sustainability at the property, could result in decreased demand for outdated space. Potential for fluctuating costs for carbon intensive raw materials used to construct and renovate properties. Technology Increasing market and regulatory expectations may result in increased investment in upgrading technology and assets, including training and startup costs. The Company’s approach in mitigating these risks includes, but is not limited to (i) carrying additional insurance coverage relating to flooding and windstorms, (ii) maintaining a geographically diversified portfolio, which limits exposure to event driven risks, (iii) creating a form “green lease” for its tenants, which incorporates varied criteria that align landlord and tenant sustainability priorities as well as establishing green construction criteria and (iv) implementing emergency preparedness and operational energy and water efficiency programs. In 2020, the Company issued $500.0 million in 2.70% notes due 2030 in its first green bond offering. The net proceeds were allocated to finance or refinance eligible green projects, aligned with the Green Bond Principles, 2018 as administered by the International Capital Market Association. As of June 30, 2024, the Company reached full allocation of the $500.0 million green bond. Additionally, the Company’s $2.0 billion Credit Facility is a green credit facility, which incorporates rate adjustments associated with attainment (or non-attainment) of Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions reductions. The Company, at December 31, 2025, also has a credit agreement in which $310.0 million in term loans have rate adjustments that are also tied to the attainment (or non-attainment) of Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. During 2025, the Company attained the Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions targets and achieved the maximum interest rate adjustment to its Credit Facility and certain of its term loans. Additional information about our approach to corporate responsibility, including our corporate responsibility targets, is available in our Corporate Responsibility Report, which can be found on the Company’s website. Such information is not incorporated by reference into, and is not part of, this annual report on Form 10-K. Information About Our Executive Officers The following table sets forth information with respect to the executive officers of the Company as of December 31, 2025: Name Age Position Joined Kimco Conor C. Flynn 45 Chief Executive Officer and Director 2003 Ross Cooper 43 President, Chief Investment Officer and Director 2006 Glenn G. Cohen 61 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 1995 David Jamieson 45 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer 2007 Available Information The Company’s website is located at http://www.kimcorealty.com . The information contained on our website does not constitute part of this Form 10-K. On the Company’s website you can obtain, free of charge, a copy of this Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable, after we file such material electronically with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The public may read and obtain a copy of any materials we file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . 9 Item 1 A. Risk Factors We are subject to certain business and legal risks, including, but not limited to, the following: Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Adverse global market and economic conditions may impede our ability to generate sufficient income and maintain our properties. Our properties consist primarily of open-air shopping centers, including mixed-use assets, and other retail properties. Our performance, therefore, is generally linked to economic conditions in the market for retail space. The economic performance and value of our properties is subject to all of the risks associated with owning and operating real estate, including, but not limited to: • changes in the national, regional and local economic climate; • local conditions, including an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, space in properties like those that we own or operate; • changes in demand for retail spaces, such as smaller store sizes as retailers reduce inventory and develop new prototypes; • customers' use of e-commerce and online store sites; • the attractiveness of our properties to tenants; • market disruptions due to global pandemics or other health epidemics; • the ability of tenants to pay rent, particularly national tenants with leases in multiple locations; • tenants who may declare bankruptcy and/or close stores; • competition from other available properties to attract and retain tenants; • changes in market rental rates; • the need to periodically pay for costs to repair, renovate and re-let space; • ongoing consolidation in the retail sector; • the excess amount of retail space in a number of markets; • changes in operating costs, including costs for maintenance, insurance and real estate taxes; • the expenses of owning and operating properties, which are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in income from the properties; • changes in laws and government policy and regulations, including those governing usage, zoning, the environment and taxes; • changes in property taxes including from impacts of inflation as property values are reassessed; • acts of terrorism and war and acts of God, including physical and weather-related damage to our properties; • the continued service and availability of key personnel; and • the risk of functional obsolescence of properties over time. Competition may limit our ability to purchase new properties or generate sufficient income from tenants and may decrease the occupancy and rental rates for our properties. Numerous commercial developers and real estate companies compete with us in seeking tenants for our existing properties and properties for acquisition. Open-air shopping centers, including mixed-use assets, or other retail shopping centers with more convenient locations or better rents may attract tenants or cause them to seek more favorable lease terms at or prior to renewal. Retailers at our properties may face increasing competition from other retailers, e-commerce, outlet malls, discount shopping clubs, and other forms of marketing goods, such as direct mail and internet marketing, all of which could (i) reduce rents payable to us, (ii) reduce our ability to attract and retain tenants at our properties; or (iii) lead to increased vacancy rates at our properties. We may fail to anticipate the effects of changes in consumer buying practices, particularly of growing online sales and the resulting retailing practices and space needs of our tenants or a general downturn in our tenants’ businesses, which may cause tenants to close stores or default in payment of rent. We face competition in the acquisition or development of real property from others engaged in real estate investment that could increase our costs associated with purchasing and maintaining assets. Some of these competitors may have greater financial resources than we do. This could result in competition for the acquisition of properties for tenants who lease or consider leasing space in our existing and subsequently acquired properties and for other investment or development opportunities. Our performance depends on our ability to collect rent from tenants, our tenants’ financial condition and our tenants maintaining leases for our properties. At any time, our tenants may experience a downturn in their business that may significantly weaken their financial condition. As a result, our tenants may delay a number of lease commencements, decline to extend or renew leases upon expiration, fail to make rental payments when due, close stores or declare bankruptcy. Any of these actions, which have impacted us and will continue to impact us from time 10 to time, could result in the termination of tenants’ leases and the loss of rental income attributable to these tenants’ leases. In the event of a default by a tenant, we may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord under the terms of the leases. In addition, multiple lease terminations by tenants, or a failure by multiple tenants to occupy their premises in a shopping center could result in lease terminations or significant reductions in rent by other tenants in the same shopping centers under the terms of some leases. In that event, we may be unable to re-lease the vacated space at attractive rents or at all, and our rental payments from our continuing tenants could significantly decrease. The occurrence of any of the situations described above, particularly involving a substantial tenant with leases in multiple locations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A tenant that files for bankruptcy protection may not continue to pay us rent. A bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants or a lease guarantor would bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from the tenant or the lease guarantor, or their property, unless the bankruptcy court permits us to do so. A tenant bankruptcy could delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases and could ultimately preclude collection of these sums. If a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have only a general unsecured claim for damages. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold, if at all. Current geopolitical challenges could impact the U.S. economy and consumer spending and our results of operations and financial condition. The success of our business, and the success of our tenants in operating their businesses and their corresponding ability to pay us rent continue to be significantly impacted by many current economic challenges, which impact the performance of their businesses, including, but not limited to, inflation, labor shortages, including as a result of changes in immigration laws or their enforcement, tariffs or other trade restrictions, supply chain constraints, decreasing consumer confidence and discretionary spending, and elevated energy prices and interest rates. E-commerce and other changes in consumer buying practices present challenges for many of our tenants and may require us to modify our properties, diversify our tenant composition and adapt our leasing practices to remain competitive. Many of our tenants face strong competition from e-commerce and other sources that could cause them to reduce their size, limit the number of locations and/or suffer a general downturn in their businesses and ability to pay rent. We may also fail to anticipate the effects of changes in consumer buying practices, particularly of online sales and the resulting change in retailing practices and space needs of our tenants, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. We are focused on anchoring and diversifying our properties with tenants that are more resistant to competition from e-commerce (e.g., groceries, essential retailers, restaurants and service providers), but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in modifying our properties, diversifying our tenant composition and/or adapting our leasing practices. Our expenses may remain constant or increase, even if income from our real estate portfolio decreases, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Costs associated with our business, such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, mortgage payments, and corporate expenses are relatively inflexible and generally do not decrease in the event that a property is not fully occupied, rental rates decrease, a tenant fails to pay rent or other circumstances cause our revenues to decrease. In addition, elevated or increased inflation could result in higher operating costs. If we are unable to lower our operating costs when revenues decline and/or are unable to pass along cost increases to our tenants, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. We may be unable to sell our real estate property investments when appropriate or on terms favorable to us. Real estate property investments are illiquid and generally cannot be disposed of quickly. The capitalization rates at which properties may be sold could be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. In addition, the Code includes certain restrictions on a REIT’s ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. Therefore, we may not be able to vary our portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on terms favorable to us within a time frame that we would need. All of these factors reduce our ability to respond to changes in the performance of our investments and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain properties we own have a low tax basis, which may result in a taxable gain on sale. We may utilize like-kind exchanges qualifying under Section 1031 of the Code (“1031 Exchanges”) to mitigate taxable income; however, there can be no assurance that we will identify properties that meet our investment objectives for acquisitions. In the event that we do not utilize 1031 Exchanges, we may be required to distribute the gain proceeds to shareholders or pay income tax, which may reduce our cash flow available to fund our commitments. From time to time, we acquire or develop properties or acquire other real estate related companies, and this creates risks. 11 We acquire or develop properties or acquire other real estate related companies when we believe that an acquisition or development is consistent with our business strategies. We may not succeed in consummating desired acquisitions or in completing developments on time or within budget. When we do pursue a project or acquisition, we may not succeed in leasing newly developed or acquired properties at rents sufficient to cover the costs of acquisition or development and operations. Difficulties in integrating acquisitions may prove costly or time-consuming and could divert management’s attention from other activities. Acquisitions or developments in new markets or industries where we do not have the same level of market knowledge may result in poorer than anticipated performance. We may also abandon acquisition or development opportunities that management has begun pursuing and consequently fail to recover expenses already incurred and will have devoted management’s time to a matter not consummated. Furthermore, our acquisitions of new properties or companies will expose us to the liabilities of those properties or companies, some of which we may not be aware of at the time of the acquisition. In addition, development of our existing properties presents similar risks. Newly acquired or re-developed properties may have characteristics or deficiencies currently unknown to us that affect their value or revenue potential. It is also possible that the operating performance of these properties may decline under our management. As we acquire additional properties, we will be subject to risks associated with managing new properties, including lease-up and tenant retention. In addition, our ability to manage our growth effectively will require us to successfully integrate our new acquisitions into our existing management structure. We may not succeed with this integration or effectively manage additional properties, particularly in secondary markets. Also, newly acquired properties may not perform as expected. We face risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial properties. We operate, are currently developing, and may in the future develop, properties either alone or through joint ventures and preferred equity investments with other persons that are known as “mixed-use” developments. This means that, in addition to the development of retail space, the project may also include space for residential, office, hotel or other commercial purposes. We have less experience in developing and managing non-retail real estate than we do with retail real estate. As a result, if a development project includes a non-retail use, we may seek to develop that component ourselves, sell the rights to that component to a third-party developer with experience developing properties for such use or partner with such a developer. If we do not sell the rights or partner with such a developer, or if we choose to develop the other component ourselves, we would be exposed not only to those risks typically associated with the development of commercial real estate generally, but also to specific risks associated with the development and ownership of non-retail real estate. In addition, even if we sell the rights to develop the other component or elect to participate in the development through a joint venture and preferred equity investments, we may be exposed to the risks associated with the failure of the other party to complete the development as expected. These include the risk that the other party would default on its obligations necessitating that we complete the other component ourselves, including providing any necessary financing. In the case of residential properties, these risks include competition for prospective residents from other operators whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the resident seeks. We will also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent. In the case of office properties, the risks also include changes in space utilization by tenants due to technology, economic conditions and business culture, declines in financial condition of these tenants and competition for credit worthy office tenants. In the case of hotel properties, the risks also include elevated or increased inflation and utilities that may not be offset by increases in room rates. We are also dependent on business and commercial travelers and tourism. Because we have less experience with residential, office and hotel properties than with retail properties, we expect to retain third parties to manage our residential and other non-retail components as deemed warranted. If we decide to not sell or participate in a joint venture or preferred equity investment and instead hire a third-party manager, we would be dependent on them and their key personnel who provide services to us, and we may not find a suitable replacement if the management agreement is terminated, or if key personnel leave or otherwise become unavailable to us. Construction projects are subject to risks that materially increase the costs of completion. From time to time, we decide to develop a vacant land parcel or redevelop existing properties, which subjects us to risks and uncertainties associated with construction and development. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks related to obtaining all necessary zoning, land-use, building occupancy and other governmental permits and authorizations, risks related to the environmental concerns of government entities or community groups, risks related to changes in economic and market conditions, especially in an inflationary environment, between development commencement and stabilization, risks related to construction labor disruptions, adverse weather, natural disasters, acts of God or shortages of materials and labor, which could cause construction delays and risks related to increases in the cost of labor and materials, which could cause construction costs to be greater than projected and adversely impact the amount of our development fees or our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 12 Supply chain disruptions and unexpected construction expenses and delays could impact our ability to timely deliver spaces to tenants and/or our ability to achieve the expected value of a construction project or lease, thereby adversely affecting our profitability. The construction and building industry, similar to many other industries, is experiencing worldwide supply chain disruptions due to a multitude of factors that are beyond our control. Materials, parts and labor have also increased in cost over the past year or more, sometimes significantly and over a short period of time. We may incur costs for a property renovation or tenant buildout that exceeds our original estimates due to increased costs for materials or labor or other costs that are unexpected. We also may be unable to complete renovation of a property or tenant space on schedule due to supply chain disruptions or labor shortages, including as a result of changes in immigration laws or their enforcement, which could result in increased debt service expense or construction costs. Additionally, some tenants may have the right to terminate their leases if a renovation project is not completed on time. The time frame required to recoup our renovation and construction costs and to realize a return on such costs can often be significant and materially adversely affect our profitability. International trade disputes, including U.S. trade tariffs and retaliatory tariffs, could adversely impact our business. International trade disputes, including threatened or implemented tariffs imposed by the U.S. and 

=== KIM_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company’s cash flow activities are summarized as follows (in thousands): Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 2025 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of the period $ 212,794 $ 689,731 Net cash flow provided by operating activities 242,986 223,813 Net cash flow used for investing activities (48,506 ) (130,554 ) Net cash flow used for financing activities (237,671 ) (650,487 ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (43,191 ) (557,228 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of the period $ 169,603 $ 132,503 Operating Activities Net cash flow provided by operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2026 was $243.0 million, as compared to $223.8 million for the comparable period in 2025. The increase of $19.2 million is primarily attributable to: • additional operating cash flow generated by operating properties acquired during 2026 and 2025; • new leasing, expansion and re-tenanting of core portfolio properties; • an increase in distributions from the Company’s joint ventures programs and other investments; and • net changes in assets and liabilities due to timing of receipts and payments; partially offset by • the disposition of operating properties during 2026 and 2025. 40 Investing Activities Net cash flow used for investing activities was $48.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2026, as compared to $130.6 million for the comparable period in 2025. Investing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2026 primarily consisted of: Cash inflows: • $44.0 million in proceeds from sale of three land parcels; • $39.9 million from the collection of mortgage and other financing receivables; and • $8.4 million in reimbursements of investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures and other investments. Cash outflows: • $76.4 million for investment in mortgage and other financing receivables related to new mortgage and other financing receivables; and • $63.4 million for improvements to operating real estate, primarily related to re-tenanting, tenant improvements and redevelopment projects. Investing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily consisted of: Cash inflows: • $23.1 million from the collection of mortgage and other financing receivables; and • $10.4 million in reimbursements of investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures and other investments. Cash outflows: • $106.2 million for acquisition of an operating property; • $52.1 million for improvements to operating real estate, primarily related to re-tenanting, tenant improvements and redevelopment projects; • $5.0 million for a preferred stock investment; and • $3.0 million for investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures and other investments, primarily related to redevelopment projects within these portfolios. Acquisition of Operating Real Estate – The Company anticipates spending up to approximately $300.0 million to $500.0 million towards the acquisition of, or the purchase of additional interests in, operating properties for the remainder of 2026. The Company intends to fund these potential acquisitions with net cash flow provided by operating activities, cash on hand, proceeds from property dispositions, and/or availability under its Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company expended $106.2 million for the acquisition of operating real estate properties. Improvements to Operating Real Estate – During the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, the Company expended $63.4 million and $52.1 million, respectively, for improvements to operating real estate. These amounts consist of the following (in thousands): Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 2025 Redevelopment and renovations $ 39,646 $ 23,985 Tenant improvements and tenant allowances 23,795 28,132 Total improvements $ 63,441 $ 52,117 The Company, on a selective basis, will redevelop projects or re-tenant its properties to maintain or enhance its competitive position in the marketplace. The Company is actively pursuing redevelopment opportunities within its operating portfolio, including residential and mixed use components, which it believes will increase the overall value by bringing in new tenants and improving the assets’ value. The Company anticipates its capital commitment toward these redevelopment projects and re-tenanting efforts for the remainder of 2026 will be approximately $225.0 million to $275.0 million. The funding of these capital requirements will be from net cash flow provided by operating activities, cash on hand, proceeds from property dispositions, and/or availability under the Company’s Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program. 41 Financing Activities Net cash flow used for financing activities was $237.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2026, as compared to $650.5 million for the comparable period in 2025. Financing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2026 primarily consisted of: Cash inflows: • $17.4 million in proceeds from a mortgage loan financing. Cash outflows: • $182.9 million of dividends paid; • $40.7 million for distribution and redemption of noncontrolling interests; • $19.1 million in principal payments on debt (related to the repayment of debt on an encumbered property), including normal amortization on rental property debt; • $6.3 million in financing origination costs; and • $6.0 million in shares repurchased for employee tax withholding on equity awards. Financing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily consisted of: Cash inflows: • $120.0 million in proceeds from the Credit Facility. Cash outflows: • $500.0 million for repayments of unsecured notes; • $177.5 million of dividends paid; • $52.3 million in principal payments on debt (related to the repayment of debt on three encumbered properties), including normal amortization on rental property debt; • $24.4 million in principal payments under finance lease obligations for the acquisition of the fee interest in two properties; • $11.5 million in shares repurchased for employee tax withholding on equity awards; and • $3.1 million in distributions to and redemptions of noncontrolling interests. The Company continually evaluates its debt maturities and, based on management’s current assessment, believes it has viable financing and refinancing alternatives that will not materially adversely impact its expected financial results. As of March 31, 2026, the Company had consolidated floating rate debt totaling $17.2 million. The Company continues to pursue borrowing opportunities with large commercial U.S. and global banks, select life insurance companies and certain regional and local banks. Debt maturities for 2026 consist of $805.4 million of consolidated debt and $157.1 million of unconsolidated joint venture debt, assuming the utilization of extension options where available. The 2026 remaining consolidated debt maturities are anticipated to be repaid with net cash flow provided by operating activities, cash on hand, borrowings under its Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program and/or debt refinancing, as deemed appropriate. The 2026 debt maturities on properties in the Company’s unconsolidated joint ventures are anticipated to be repaid through net cash flow provided by operating activities, debt refinancing, proceeds from sales, and/or partner capital contributions, as deemed appropriate. The Company intends to maintain strong debt service coverage and fixed charge coverage ratios as part of its commitment to maintain its unsecured debt ratings. The Company may, from time to time, seek to obtain funds through additional common and preferred equity offerings, unsecured debt financings and/or mortgage/construction loan financings and other capital alternatives. The Company utilizes the public debt and equity