=== NLY_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Corporate Governance We strive to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. Our notable governance practices and policies include: Our Board is composed of a majority of independent directors, and our Audit, Management Development and Compensation, and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committees are composed exclusively of independent directors. We have separated the roles of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and appointed an independent Chair of the Board. All directors are elected on an annual basis. We have adopted an enhanced director refreshment policy, which provides that an independent director may not stand for re-election at the next annual meeting of stockholders taking place at the end of his or her term following the earlier of his or her: (i) 15th anniversary of service on our Board or (ii) 73rd birthday. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which sets forth the basic principles and guidelines for resolving various legal and ethical questions that may arise in the workplace and in the conduct of our business. This code is applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines which, in conjunction with the charters of our Board committees, provide the framework for the governance of our company. We have procedures by which any of our employees, officers or directors may raise concerns confidentially about our company s conduct, accounting, internal controls or auditing matters with the Chair of the Board, the independent directors, or the Chair of the Audit Committee or through our whistleblower phone hotline or e-mail inbox. We have adopted an Insider Trading Policy that prohibits our directors, officers and employees, as well as those of our subsidiaries from buying or selling our securities on the basis of material nonpublic information and prohibits communicating material nonpublic information about our company to others. Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our directors, officers and employees, from (1) holding our stock in a margin account as eligible collateral, or otherwise pledging our stock as collateral for a loan, or (2) engaging in any hedging transactions with respect to our equity securities held by them. Our executive officers are subject to two clawback policies, one that covers financial restatements and another that covers misconduct. Our executive officers and directors are subject to stock ownership guidelines and holding restrictions. Stockholders holding 25% of our common stock have the right to call a special meeting. 9 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ITEM 1. BUSINESS Distributions In accordance with the requirements for maintaining REIT status, we intend to distribute to stockholders aggregate dividends equaling at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the deduction of dividends paid and by excluding any net capital gain) for each taxable year and will endeavor to distribute at least 100% of our REIT taxable income so as not to be subject to tax. Distributions of economic profits from our enterprise could be classified as return of capital due to differences between book and tax accounting rules. We may make additional returns of capital when the potential risk-adjusted returns from new investments fail to exceed our cost of capital. Subject to the limitations of applicable securities and state corporation laws, we can return capital by making purchases of our own capital stock or through payment of dividends. Available Information Our website is www.annaly.com . We make available on this website under Investors - SEC Filings, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials to the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Securities Exchange Act ). Our website and the information contained therein are not incorporated into this annual report on Form 10-K. Also posted on our website, and available in print upon request of any stockholder to our Investor Relations Department, are charters for our Audit Committee, Management Development and Compensation Committee, Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, Risk Committee and Corporate Responsibility Committee, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Within the time period required by the SEC, we will post on our website any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waiver applicable to any executive officer, director or senior financial officer. Our Investor Relations Department can be contacted at: Annaly Capital Management, Inc. 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036 Attn: Investor Relations Telephone: 888-8ANNALY E-mail: investor@annaly.com The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 10 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. Risk Factors ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our stock involves a number of risks. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider all of the risks described in this annual report on Form 10-K. If any of the risks discussed in this annual report on Form 10-K actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If this were to occur, the trading price of our stock could decline significantly and you may lose all or part of your investment. Readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect us. INDEX TO ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Page Summary of Risk Factors 12 Risks Related to Our Liquidity and Funding 14 Risks of Ownership of Our Common Stock 19 Compliance, Regulatory Legal Risks 20 Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT 24 Counterparty Risks 30 Investment and Market Related Risks 30 Operational and Cybersecurity Risks 36 Other Risks 42 11 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Liquidity and Funding Our strategy involves the use of leverage, which increases the risk that we may incur substantial losses. Our use of leverage may result in margin calls and defaults and force us to sell assets under adverse market conditions. We may exceed our overall Company target leverage ratios. We may not be able to consistently achieve our optimal leverage. Failure to procure or renew funding on favorable terms, or at all, affects our results and financial condition. Effectively managing our liquidity affects our results and financial condition. Volatile market conditions for our assets can result in contraction in liquidity for those assets and the related financing. An increase in the interest payments on our borrowings relative to the interest we earn on our interest earning assets adversely affects our profitability. Differences in timing of interest rate adjustments on our interest earning assets and our borrowings affect our profitability. It may be uneconomical to roll our TBA dollar roll transactions or we may be unable to meet margin calls on our TBA contracts. Our use of derivatives exposes us to counterparty and liquidity risks. Securitizations expose us to additional risks. Our use of non-recourse securitizations exposes us to risks which could result in losses to us. Counterparties may require us to enter into restrictive covenants. We may be unable to profitably execute or participate in future securitization transactions. Risks of Ownership of Our Common Stock Our charter does not permit ownership of over 9.8% in number of shares or value of our common stock or any class of our preferred stock. Provisions contained in Maryland law have anti-takeover effects, potentially preventing investors from receiving a control premium for their shares. We have not established a minimum dividend payment level and cannot assure stockholders of our ability to pay dividends in the future. Our reported GAAP financial results may not be an accurate indicator of future taxable income and dividend distributions. Compliance, Regulatory Legal Risks Accounting rules related to certain of our transactions are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. Our application of GAAP produces financial results that fluctuate from one period to another. Any new laws, regulations or administrative actions modifying the relationship between Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the federal government could affect our business model or business operations. The Truth in Lending Act or other similar consumer protection laws and regulations expose an owner of whole mortgage loans and mortgage servicing rights to potential civil and administrative liability. Our Residential Credit and MSR businesses are subject to complex and evolving legal and regulatory requirements, including how we oversee and are responsible for the actions of our third-party service providers, which exposes us to increased compliance, legal, and regulatory risk. Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or our failure to comply with those laws or regulations affects our business. Evolving environmental, social and governance-related disclosure requirements and climate-related risks could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding data privacy and security, which increases the cost of doing business, compliance risks and potential liability. We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with sponsoring, investing in and managing new funds and other investment accounts, including potential regulatory risks. Loss of our Investment Company Act exemption from registration would adversely affect us. Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT Our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would have adverse tax consequences. Our distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. Distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business taxable income. We have flexibility to pay dividends in our own stock. Our TRSs cannot constitute more than 25% of our total assets. TRSs are subject to tax at the regular corporate rates, are not required to distribute dividends, and the amount of dividends a TRS can pay to its parent REIT may be limited by REIT gross income tests. If transactions between a REIT and a TRS are entered into on other than arm s-length terms, the REIT may be subject to a penalty tax. Even if we remain qualified as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities and may force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. Liquidation of assets may jeopardize our REIT qualification or create additional tax liability for us. 12 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. Risk Factors The failure of assets subject to repurchase agreements to qualify as real estate assets could adversely affect our ability to remain qualified as a REIT. Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. The tax on prohibited transactions limits our ability to engage in certain transactions. Certain financing activities may subject us to U.S. federal income tax and could have negative tax consequences for our stockholders. Uncertainty exists with respect to the treatment of our TBAs for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests. Dividends payable by REITs generally receive different tax treatment than dividend income from regular corporations. New legislation or administrative or judicial action, in each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for us to remain qualified as a REIT. Counterparty Risks The soundness of our counterparties and other financial institutions affects us. We are subject to counterparty risk and may be unable to seek indemnity or require counterparties to repurchase residential whole loans if they breach representations and warranties, which could cause us to suffer losses. Our rights under our repurchase and derivative agreements are subject to the effects of the bankruptcy laws in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of us or our lenders. Investment and Market Related Risks We may experience declines in the market value of our assets. Investments in MSR expose us to additional risks. A prolonged economic slowdown or declining real estate values could impair the assets we may own. An increase in interest rates adversely affects the market value of our interest earning assets and, therefore, also our book value. Actions by the Federal Reserve may affect the price and returns of our assets. We invest in securities that are subject to mortgage credit risk. Our investments in real estate and other securities are subject to changes in credit spreads as well as available market liquidity, which affect our ability to realize gains on the sale of such investments. Geographic concentration exposes investors to greater risk of default and loss. Inadequate property insurance coverage impacts on our operating results. Our assets may become non-performing or sub-performing assets in the future. We may be required to repurchase residential mortgage loans or indemnify investors if we breach representations and warranties. Our and our third party service providers and servicers due diligence of potential assets may not reveal all of the weaknesses in such assets. When we foreclose on an asset, we may come to own the property securing the loan. Proposals to acquire mortgage loans by eminent domain affect the value of our assets. Subordinated tranches of non-Agency mortgage-backed securities are subordinate in right of payment to more senior securities. Our hedging strategies may be costly, and may not hedge our risks as intended. We are subject to risks of loss from weather conditions, man-made or natural disasters and the direct and indirect effects of climate change. Operational and Cybersecurity Risks Reliance on inaccurate models or the data used by models exposes us to risk. We are highly dependent on information systems and networks, many of which are operated by third parties. Cyberattacks or other information security breaches of our Company s, service providers or counterparties systems or networks affect our business, reputation and financial condition. We may utilize artificial intelligence, which could expose us to liability and affect our business. We depend on third party service providers, including mortgage loan servicers and sub-servicers, for a variety of services related to our business. Our investments in residential whole loans subject us to servicing-related risks. The performance of loans underlying our MSR related assets is affected by the performance of the related mortgage servicer. We are subject to prepayment rate risk. We are subject to reinvestment risk. Competition may affect availability and pricing of our target assets. We may enter into new lines of business, acquire other companies or engage in other strategic initiatives. Some of our investments, including those related to non-prime loans, involve credit risk. Any inability to attract, motivate and retain qualified talent, including our key personnel, affects us. Other Risks The market price and trading volume of our shares of common stock may be volatile. We may change our policies without stockholder approv al. 13 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Liquidity and Funding Our strategy involves the use of leverage, which increases the risk that we may incur substantial losses. We expect our leverage to vary with market conditions and our assessment of risk/return on investments. We incur this leverage by borrowing against a substantial portion of the market value of our assets. Leverage, which is fundamental to our investment strategy, creates significant risks. The risks associated with leverage are more acute during periods of economic slowdown or recession. Because of our leverage, we have in the past and may in the future incur substantial losses if our borrowing costs increase, and we may be unable to execute our investment strategy if leverage is unavailable or is unavailable on attractive terms. The reasons our borrowing costs may increase or our ability to borrow may decline include, but are not limited to, the following: short-term interest rates increase; the market value of our investments available to collateralize borrowings decreases; the haircut applied to our assets under the repurchase agreements or other secured financing arrangements increases; interest rate volatility increases; disruption in the repo market generally or the infrastructure, including technology infrastructure, that supports it; or the availability of financing in the market decreases. Our use of leverage may result in margin calls and defaults and force us to sell assets under adverse market conditions. Because of our leverage, a decline in the value of our interest earning assets has in the past and may in the future result in our lenders initiating margin calls. A margin call means that the lender requires us to pledge additional collateral to re-establish the ratio of the value of the collateral to the amount of the borrowing. Borrowings secured by our fixed-rate mortgage-backed securities generally are more susceptible to margin calls as increases in interest rates tend to more negatively affect the market value of fixed-rate securities. Margin calls are most likely in market conditions in which the unencumbered assets that we would use to meet the margin calls have also decreased in value. The risks associated with margin calls are more acute during periods of economic slowdown or recession. If we are unable to satisfy margin calls, our lenders may foreclose on our collateral. This could force us to sell our interest earning assets under adverse market conditions, or allow lenders to sell those assets on our behalf at prices that could be below our estimation of their value. Additionally, in the event of our bankruptcy, our borrowings, which are generally made under repurchase agreements, may qualify for special treatment under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This special treatment would allow the lenders under these agreements to avoid the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and to liquidate the collateral under these agreements without delay. We may exceed our overall Company target leverage ratios. We generally expect to maintain an overall Company economic leverage ratio of less than 10:1. However, we are not required to stay below this economic leverage ratio. We may exceed this ratio by incurring additional debt without increasing the amount of equity we have. For example, if we increase the amount of borrowings under our master repurchase agreements or other borrowing arrangements with our existing or new counterparties or the market value of our portfolio declines, our economic leverage ratio would increase. If we increase our economic leverage ratio, the adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations from the types of risks associated with the use of leverage would likely be more severe. Our target economic leverage ratio is set for the portfolio as a whole, rather than separately for each asset type. The economic leverage ratio on Agency mortgage-backed securities has in the past and may in the future exceed the target ratio for the portfolio as a whole. Because credit assets are generally less levered than Agency mortgage-backed securities, at a given economic leverage ratio an increased allocation to credit assets generally means an increase in economic leverage on Agency mortgage-backed securities. The economic leverage on our Agency mortgage-backed securities is the primary driver of the risk of being unable to meet margin calls discussed above. We may not be able to consistently achieve our optimal leverage. We use leverage as a strategy to increase the return to our investors. However, we may not be able to consistently achieve our desired leverage if we determine that the leverage would expose us to excessive risk, our lenders do not make funding available to us at acceptable rates, or our lenders require that we provide additional collateral to cover our borrowings. 14 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. Risk Factors Failure to procure or renew funding on favorable terms, or at all, affects our results and financial condition. One or more of our lenders could be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing. This potentially increases our financing costs and reduces our liquidity. Furthermore, if any of our potential lenders or existing lenders are unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or if we are not able to renew or replace maturing borrowings, we could be forced to sell our assets at an inopportune time when prices are depressed. Our business, results of operations and financial condition have in the past and may in the future be materially affected by disruptions in the financial markets. We cannot assure you that these markets will remain an efficient source of financing for our assets. If our strategy is not viable, we will have to find alternative forms of financing for our assets, which may not be available. Further, as a REIT, we are required to distribute annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments) to our stockholders and are, therefore, not able to retain significant amounts of our earnings for new investments. We cannot assure you that any, or sufficient, funding or capital will be available to us in the future on terms that are acceptable to us. If we cannot obtain sufficient funding on acceptable terms, there may be a negative impact on the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Moreover, our ability to grow will be dependent on our ability to procure additional funding. To the extent we are not able to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or borrowings, our growth will be constrained. Effectively managing our liquidity affects our results and financial condition. Our ability to meet cash needs depends on many factors, several of which are beyond our control. Ineffective management of liquidity levels could cause us to be unable to meet certain financial obligations. Potential conditions that could impair our liquidity include: unwillingness or inability of any of our potential lenders to provide us with or renew financing, margin calls, additional capital requirements applicable to our lenders, a disruption in the financial markets or declining confidence in our creditworthiness or in financial markets in general. These conditions have in the past and may in the future force us to sell our assets at inopportune times or otherwise cause us to potentially revise our strategic business initiatives. Volatile market conditions for our assets can result in contraction in liquidity for those assets and the related financing. Our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the markets for mortgages and mortgage-related assets, including Agency mortgage-backed securities, as well as the broader financial markets and the economy generally. Significant adverse changes in financial market conditions can result in a deleveraging of the global financial system and the forced sale of large quantities of mortgage-related and other financial assets. Concerns over economic recession, pandemic diseases, geopolitical issues, trade wars, unemployment, inflation, government actions to combat inflation, rising interest rates, the availability and cost of financing, the mortgage market, the repurchase agreement market, a declining real estate market or prolonged government shutdown may contribute to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and markets. For example, as a result of the financial crises beginning in the summer of 2007 and through the subsequent credit and housing crisis, many traditional mortgage investors suffered severe losses in their residential mortgage portfolios and several major market participants failed or were impaired, resulting in a significant contraction in market liquidity for mortgage-related assets. This illiquidity negatively affected both the terms and availability of financing for all mortgage-related assets. Volatility and deterioration in the markets for mortgages and mortgage-related assets as well as the broader financial markets may adversely affect the performance and market value of our Agency mortgage-backed securities. If these conditions exist, institutions from which we seek financing for our investments may tighten their lending standards or become insolvent, which could make it more difficult for us to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. Our profitability and financial condition may be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain cost-effective financing for our investments. An increase in the interest payments on our borrowings relative to the interest we earn on our interest earning assets adversely affects our profitability. We generally earn money based upon the spread between the interest payments we earn on our interest earning assets and the interest payments we must make on our borrowings. Our profitability is affected if the interest payments on our borrowings increase relative to the interest we earn on our interest earning assets. A significant portion of our assets are longer-term, fixed-rate interest earning assets, and a significant portion of our borrowings are shorter-term, floating-rate borrowings. Periods of rising interest rates or a relatively flat or inverted yield curve could decrease or eliminate the spread between the interest payments we earn on our interest earning assets and the interest payments we must make on our borrowings. 15 ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. Risk Factors Differences in timing of interest rate adjustments on our interest earning assets and our borrowings affect our profitability. We rely primarily on short-term borrowings to acquire interest earning assets with long-term maturities. Some of the interest earning assets we acquire are adjustable-rate interest earning assets. This means that their interest rates may vary over time based upon changes in an objective index, such as: Treasury Rate. A monthly or weekly average yield of benchmark U.S. Treasury securities, as published by the Federal Reserve Board. Secured Overnight Financing Rate ( SOFR ). A measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Term SOFR. A benchmark based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate futures, administered by CME Group. These indices generally reflect short-term interest rates. The interest rates on our borrowings similarly reflect short-term interest rates. Nevertheless, the interest rates on our borrowings generally adjust more frequently than the interest rates on our adjustable-rate interest earning assets, which are also typically subject to periodic and lifetime interest rate caps. Accordingly, in a period of rising interest rates, we could experience a decrease in net income or a net loss because the interest rates on our borrowings adjust faster than the interest rates on our adjustable-rate interest earning assets. It may be uneconomical to roll our TBA dollar roll transactions or we may be unable to meet margin calls on our TBA contracts. From time to time, we enter into TBAs as an alternate means of investing in and financing Agency mortgage-backed securities. A TBA contract is an agreement to purchase or sell, for future delivery, an Agency mortgage-backed security with a specified issuer, term and coupon. A TBA dollar roll represents a transaction where TBA contracts with the same terms but different settlement dates are simultaneously bought and sold. The TBA contract settling in the later month typically prices at a discount to the earlier month contract with the difference in price commonly referred to as the drop . The drop is a reflection of the expected net interest income from an investment in similar Agency mortgage-backed securities, net of an implied financing cost, that would be foregone as a result of settling the contract in the later month rather than in the earlier month. The drop between the current settlement month price and the forward settlement month price occurs because in the TBA dollar roll market, the party providing the implied financing is the party that would retain all principal and interest payments accrued during the financing period. Accordingly, TBA dollar roll income generally represents the economic equivalent of the net interest income earned on the underlying Agency mortgage-backed security less an implied financing cost. Consequently, dollar roll transactions and such forward purchases of Agency securities represent a form of off-balance sheet financing and increase our at risk leverage. The economic return of a TBA dollar roll generally equates to interest income on a generic TBA-eligible security l