=== FE_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a business environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond the Registrants’ control. The Registrants regularly evaluate the most significant risks of their businesses and review those risks with their respective boards of directors and, if appropriate, committees of those boards of directors. The following risk factors and all other information contained in this report should be considered carefully when evaluating the Registrants, and unless a risk factor expressly excludes a Registrant or the context requires otherwise, references to “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to both Registrants. These risk factors could affect our financial results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. Below, we have identified risks we consider material. The risks that we face are not limited to those in this section. There may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with Item 1., "Business,” Item 7., "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in other sections of this Form 10-K that include forward-looking and other statements involving risks and uncertainties that could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. Risks Associated with Damage to Our Reputation and Securities Class-Action Litigation Securities class-action litigation against us could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to access capital, liquidity or cash flows. On July 21, 2021, FE entered into a three-year DPA with the U.S. Attorney’s Office that, subject to court proceedings, resolves the previously disclosed U.S. Attorney’s Office investigation into us relating to our lobbying and governmental affairs activities concerning HB 6. Under the DPA, we paid a $230 million monetary penalty in 2021 and agreed to the filing of a criminal information charging FirstEnergy with one count of conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud. As of July 22, 2024, we successfully completed the obligations required within the three-year term of the DPA. Under the DPA, and until the conclusion of any related investigation, criminal prosecution and civil proceeding brought by the U.S. Attorney’s Office, we have an obligation to continue (i) publishing quarterly a list of all payments to 501(c)(4) entities and all payments to entities known by us to be operating for the benefit of a public official, either directly or indirectly; (ii) not making any statements that contradict the DPA; (iii) notifying the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio of any changes in FirstEnergy’s corporate form; and (iv) cooperating with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio. In accordance with the DPA, these obligations will continue until the completion of any related investigation, criminal prosecution, and civil proceeding brought by the U.S. Attorney’s Office related to the conduct set forth in the DPA’s statement of facts, including the January 17, 2025 indictment against two former FirstEnergy senior officers, described in “Outlook—Other Legal Proceeding – United States v. Larry Householder, et al.,” in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations". Within 30 days of those matters concluding, and FirstEnergy’s successful completion of its remaining obligations, the U.S. Attorney’s Office will dismiss the criminal information. On February 26, 2025, the U.S. Attorney’s Office filed a status report confirming these commitments. If we are found to have breached the terms of the DPA, the U.S. Attorney’s Office may elect to prosecute, or bring a civil action against, us for conduct alleged in the DPA or known to the government, which could result in fines or penalties and could have a material adverse impact on our reputation or relationships with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as our consolidated financial statements. Failure to comply with the DPA, including alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, may also result in a breach of certain covenants contained in our credit agreements and could result in an event of default under such agreements, and we would not be able to access our credit facilities for additional borrowings and letters of credit during the existence of any such default. Following the announcement by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio of the investigation surrounding HB 6 in July 2020, certain of FE’s stockholders and customers filed several lawsuits against us and certain current and former directors, officers and other employees, including the federal securities class action litigation In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation (Federal District Court, S.D. Ohio). We believe that it is probable that FE will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation . Given the ongoing nature and complexity of such litigation, we cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from its resolution. However, if it is resolved against us substantial monetary damages could result and our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows may be materially adversely affected. This securities class-action litigation could divert management’s focus and have resulted in, and could continue to result in, substantial expenses, and the commitment of substantial corporate resources. The outcome, duration, scope, result or related costs of the securities class action litigation In re: FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation discussed above, are inherently uncertain. Therefore, any of these risks could impact us significantly beyond expectations. See Note 14, "Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies,” of the Combined Notes to Financial Statements of the Registrants and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.” 10 These matters are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on the trading prices of our securities, which could be material. See Note 14., “Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies,” of the Combined Notes to Financial Statements of the Registrants, for additional details on the government investigations and subsequent litigation surrounding HB 6. Damage to our reputation may arise from numerous sources making us vulnerable to negative customer perception, adverse regulatory outcomes, or other consequences, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our reputation is important towards maintaining new and ongoing positive relationships with customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders. Damage to our reputation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Such damage may arise from numerous sources further discussed generally within these risk factors. Any damage to our reputation, either generally or as a result of, among other things, changes in our service reliability, our rate affordability or negative outcomes in the ongoing matters relating to HB 6, may lead to negative customer perception, which may make it difficult for us to compete successfully for new opportunities, or could adversely impact our ability to launch new sophisticated technology-driven solutions to meet our customer expectations. A damaged reputation could further result in FERC, the state public utility commissions, and other regulatory and legislative authorities being less likely to view us in a favorable light and could negatively impact the rates we charge customers or otherwise cause us to be susceptible to unfavorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements. Risks Associated with the Execution of Our Strategic Initiatives and the Regulation of Our Distribution and Transmission Businesses If our cost saving initiatives do not achieve the expected benefits, there could be negative impacts to FirstEnergy's business, results of operations and financial condition. FirstEnergy is engaged in an ongoing effort to create a culture of continuous improvement to strategically reduce our operating expenditures and continually reinvest in a more diverse capital program in support of our long-term strategy. FirstEnergy leverages opportunities to reduce costs – such as filling only critical positions, implementing our facility optimization plans, deploying advanced technology, including but not limited to artificial intelligence, and exploring other additional, sustainable opportunities, such as reducing contractor spend. There can be no assurance that implementation of our continuous improvement culture will allow us to realize the anticipated benefits to our business, results of operations and financial condition in a timely manner, if at all. Our ability to achieve the continued benefits from our cost saving initiatives is subject to many estimates and assumptions as well as our ability to hire, recruit and retain an appropriately qualified workforce and implement a culture of continuous improvement. FirstEnergy could experience unexpected delays and business disruptions resulting from supporting these initiatives, decreased productivity, and higher than anticipated costs, any of which may impair our ability to reduce operating expenditures and to achieve anticipated results or otherwise harm FirstEnergy's business, results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to grow our distribution and transmission businesses is subject to numerous risks and events, many of which are outside of our control. The success of our growth strategy will depend, in part, on the successful growth of revenue resulting from our transmission investments in line with our expectations. Factors that may affect our revenue growth may include: (1) FERC’s timely approval of rates to recover such investments; (2) whether investments are included in PJM's RTEP; (3) FERC's evolving policies with respect to incentive rates for transmission investment assets, the calculation of the base ROE component of transmission rates, and the interconnection of AI data centers and transmission network upgrades supporting such large loads; (4) FERC’s potentially-evolving policies regarding whether certain classes of network transmission upgrade costs can be capitalized as part of transmission rates and whether such costs will be direct charged to the connecting customer; (5) consideration and potential impact of the objections of those who oppose such investments and their recovery; and (6) timely development, construction, and operation of the new facilities. Our ability to capitalize on investment opportunities available to our distribution business depends, in part, on any future distribution rate cases or other filings seeking cost recovery for distribution system enhancements in the states where our Electric Companies operate, including maintaining the affordability of the rates charged to customers. Any denial of, or delay in, the approval of any future distribution or transmission rate requests could restrict us from fully recovering our cost of service, may impose risks on the distribution and transmission operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our regulatory strategy, results of operations and financial condition. State rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on our operations. Any denial of or delay in cost recovery could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and financial condition. The retail rates for each of the Electric Companies are set by each of its respective regulatory agency for utilities in the state in which it operates - in Maryland by the MDPSC, in New Jersey by the NJBPU, in Ohio by the PUCO, in Pennsylvania by the 11 PPUC, in West Virginia by the WVPSC and in New York by the NYPSC – through traditional, cost-based regulated utility ratemaking. As a result, any of the Electric Companies may not be permitted to recover its costs and, even if it is able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time it incurs such costs and the time it is allowed to recover them. Factors that may affect outcomes in the distribution rate cases include, but are not limited to: (i) the value of plant in service; (ii) authorized rate of return; (iii) capital structure (including hypothetical capital structures); (iv) depreciation rates; (v) the allocation of shared costs, including consolidated deferred income taxes and income taxes payable across the Electric Companies; (vi) regulatory approval of rate recovery mechanisms for capital investment spending programs; and (vii) the accuracy of forecasts used for ratemaking purposes in "future test year" cases. Evolving legislation and executive actions related to our rates enacted by individual states, such as Ohio Senate Bill 2 of 2025 and Executive Order No. 2 of 2026 issued by the New Jersey governor on January 20, 2026, may also affect outcomes in distribution rate cases or could create uncertainty around our rate strategy. FirstEnergy can provide no assurance that any base rate request filed by any of the Electric Companies will be granted in whole or in part. Any denial of, or delay in, any base rate request could restrict the applicable utility from fully recovering its costs of service, may impose risks on its operations, and may negatively impact such Electric Company’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, to the extent that any of the Electric Companies seek an increase in rates, third-party pressure may be exerted on the applicable legislators and regulators to take steps to control rate increases, including through some form of rate increase moderation, reduction or freeze. Any related public discourse and debate, including with respect to the HB 6 litigation, can increase uncertainty associated with the regulatory process, the level of rates and revenues that are ultimately obtained, and the ability of the Electric Company to recover costs. Such uncertainty may restrict operational flexibility and resources, reduce liquidity and increase financing costs. Federal rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on our operations. Any denial or reduction of, or delay in cost recovery could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. FERC policy currently permits recovery of prudently incurred costs associated with cost-of-service-based wholesale power rates and the expansion and updating of transmission infrastructure within its jurisdiction. FERC’s policies on recovery of transmission costs continue to evolve, evidenced by ongoing proceedings to determine an appropriate ROE methodology to determine transmission ROEs, to determine whether FERC’s existing policies on transmission rate incentives should be revised, and to determine whether certain classes of network transmission upgrade costs can be recovered in transmission rates and whether such costs will be direct charged to the connecting customer. If FERC were to adopt a different policy regarding recovery of transmission costs or if there is any resulting delay in cost recovery, our strategy of investing in transmission could be adversely affected. If FERC were to lower the rate of return it has authorized for FirstEnergy's cost-based wholesale power rates or transmission investments and facilities, it could reduce future earnings and cash flows, and adversely impact our financial condition. FERC, at the instruction of the U.S. Secretary of Energy, is also considering whether to develop regulations intended to speed interconnection of AI data centers and “hybrid” data center/electric generation facilities (collectively, “large loads”) to the transmission system. Final regulations, if any, from FERC are expected in the second quarter of 2026. To the extent the new regulations promulgated by FERC do not permit transmission utilities to fully recover costs associated with transmission network upgrades required to serve new large loads, our strategy of investing in transmission could be adversely affected. External pressures beyond our control may increase customer rates and, when combined with state and federal regulatory action to mitigate bill impacts, may impair our ability to earn a fair and equitable return on our investments and execute our strategy. PJM’s recent capacity auctions have been subject to a “price collar” that has resulted from all-time high generation capacity prices in recent auction outcomes. These all-time high capacity prices ultimately are passed through in retail rates and can result in material increases in retail customers’ monthly electric utility bills. On January 16, 2026, the PJM board along with various federal and state officials, expressed interest in extending the price collar through mid-2030. In addition, the parties to the Statement of Principles suggested that PJM should conduct a “backstop” auction to procure additional generation capacity, with the costs to be allocated first to “new” data centers and second to existing PJM loads. If the PJM capacity auctions continue to clear at the auction cap, and if PJM conducts a “backstop” capacity auction that clears at a high price point, customer resistance to the resulting market driven increases on the generation portion of their bills could lead to increased pressure for state and federal utility regulators to limit the needed capital investment in transmission and distribution systems required for safe, reliable and resilient service to customers, which may impair our ability to earn a fair and equitable return on our investments and execute our strategy. Our investments in transmission and distribution infrastructure modernization, reliability improvements, environmental compliance and storm hardening may increase customer bills over time and the resulting higher electric bills, when combined with the external pressures discussed above, may place pressure on residential customers’ affordability, particularly in portions of our service territory with lower median household income or high energy burdens and/or amongst those customers who have already seen significant retail bill increases. State and federal regulators may also adopt or modify policies intended to mitigate customer bill impacts – including disallowance or delayed recovery of certain capital investments or operating expenses, mandated bill assistance programs, changes to rate design, or restrictions on rate increases. Customer concerns regarding affordability may result in increased regulatory scrutiny, constraints on the size and timing of rate increases, expanded bill 12 mitigation requirements, or disallowances, any of which could adversely affect our ability to recover costs or earn our authorized return on equity. In addition, sustained increases in customer bills may lead to reduced electricity usage through conservation, energy efficiency, or distributed generation, which could limit future load growth and revenues. Regulatory agencies may also require utilities to offset portions of rising costs related to grid modernization, resilience investments, environmental compliance, or rapidly evolving market conditions if they determine that such costs would unduly affect customer affordability. Any such actions could limit or delay our ability to recover costs or investments, earn a fair and equitable return, or maintain expected cash flows and could have an adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Complex and changing federal, state and local government regulations and actions, including those associated with rates, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to comprehensive regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies that significantly influence our operating environment. Changes in, or reinterpretations of, existing laws or regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, by federal executive orders or otherwise, have in the past and could in the future require us to incur additional costs, which could be substantial, or change the way we conduct our business, and therefore could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards set by NERC, FERC, and RFC or changes in the rules of organized markets, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Our operations are subjected to audit by FERC, NERC and RFC, which may conduct routine or special audits and issue requests designed to ensure compliance with applicable rules, regulations, policies and procedures. Among other rules, regulations, policies and procedures, owners, operators, and users of the bulk electric system are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and approved by FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure that the bulk electric system operates reliably. NERC, RFC and FERC continue to refine existing reliability standards as well as develop and adopt new reliability standards. The reliability standards address operation, planning, and security of the bulk electricity system, including requirements with respect to real-time transmission operations, emergency operations, vegetation management, critical infrastructure protection, and personnel training. Compliance with modified or new reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditure. If we were found not to be in compliance with one or more of the mandatory reliability standards, we and/or our subsidiaries could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. For example, FERC has the authority under the FPA to impose penalties up to and including $1.5 million per day, subject thereafter to annual adjustments for inflation, for failure to comply with these mandatory reliability standards. Potential non-monetary sanctions include imposing limitations on the violator’s activities or operations. In addition, PJM may direct our transmission-owning affiliates to build new transmission facilities to meet PJM's reliability requirements or to provide new or expanded transmission service under the PJM Tariff. We may be allocated a portion of the cost of transmission facilities built by others due to changes in RTO transmission rate design. We may be required to expand our transmission system according to decisions made by an RTO rather than our own internal planning processes. Various proposals and proceedings before FERC may cause transmission rates to change from time to time. In addition, RTOs have been developing rules associated with the allocation and methodology of assigning costs associated with improved transmission reliability, reduced transmission congestion and firm transmission rights that may have a financial impact on us. As a member of PJM, which is an RTO, we are subject to certain additional risks, including those associated with the allocation among members of losses caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in PJM’s market, as well as those associated with complaint cases filed against PJM that may seek refunds of revenues previously earned by its members. Risks Related to Our Business Operations Demand for electricity within our service territory could exceed supply capacity, resulting in negative impacts to FirstEnergy’s reputation, results and financial condition, particularly if our systems are not performing as anticipated. Recent industry projections reflect the potential for significant growth in energy demand over the next decade. This could be exacerbated if additional generation resources are not available to meet increased demand in the future. For example, data centers have substantially larger load requirements than typical residential or commercial users. New data centers or increase in demand for existing data centers located in our service territories could increase load requirements substantially over the next several years, thereby increasing the aggregate load obligations of the Electric Companies. A need to serve the load obligations of these data centers, which could be up to 16,985 MWs through 2035, has the potential to adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. At the same time, our planning could be adversely affected if electricity usage by data centers is ultimately lower than projected, which could reduce anticipated load growth. 13 We continue to evaluate the potential impacts of the development, construction, and operation of new data centers in our service territories and will continue to evaluate potential mitigants to these risks. FirstEnergy cannot predict whether the data centers under consideration will ever commence operations or the size of the load obligations of those that do become operational. Competitive market forces or adverse regulatory actions may require FirstEnergy to purchase capacity and energy from the market or build additional resources to meet customers’ energy needs in an expedited manner. If that occurs, we may see opposition to recovery of these additional costs and could experience a lag between when costs are incurred and when regulators permit recovery in rates. These situations could have negative impacts on results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, in the event of electricity shortages, our ability to maintain service reliability may be compromised, which could adversely affect our financial performance, customer satisfaction, and compliance with regulatory requirements. The hazardous activities associated with generation and distribution of electricity could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. In addition to naturally occurring risks, such as earthquakes, floods, lightning, wildfire, hurricanes and wind, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, electrocution, collapse and machinery failure, are inherent risks in our operations which may occur as a result of inadequate internal processes, technological flaws, human error or actions of third parties or other external events. The identification, control and management of these risks depend upon adequate development and training of personnel and on operational procedures, preventative maintenance plans, and specific programs supported by quality control systems, which may not prevent the occurrence and impact of these risks. The hazards described above, along with other safety hazards associated with our operations, can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of PP&E, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and fines and/or penalties. Our business is affected by variations in weather and severe weather conditions. Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electric power. Demand for power generally peaks during the summer and winter months, with market prices also typically peaking at that time. Overall operating results may fluctuate based on weather conditions. In addition, we have historically sold less power, and consequently received less revenue, when seasonal weather conditions are milder. In addition, severe weather, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, ice or snowstorms, droughts, high winds or other natural disasters, may cause outages and property damage that may require us to incur additional costs that are generally not insured and that may not be recoverable from customers. The effect of the failure of our facilities to operate as planned under these conditions would be particularly burdensome during a peak demand period and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, which adverse effects could be further exacerbated by an increased frequency of such severe weather events. Cyber-attacks, data security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems, or those of third parties we are connected to or do business with, could compromise our business operations, critical and proprietary information and employee and customer data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. We rely on complex information technology systems to operate our generation, transmission and distribution networks and to store sensitive business, employee and customer data. Increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks, ransomware, and other security breaches—whether targeting us or third parties with whom we do business—could disrupt op

=== FE_2026-04-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors" in the Registrants’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2026. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION . Trading Arrangements During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of the Registrants adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). FirstEnergy Term Loan Credit Agreement The following information is provided in lieu of filing such information on a Current Report on Form 8-K under “Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement” and “Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.” On April 28, 2026, FE entered into the FE Term Loan Facility, with a maturity date of April 27, 2027, which was fully drawn upon execution. The FE Term Loan Facility contains covenants and other terms and conditions substantially similar to those applicable to FE under the Amended Credit Facilities, including the same requirement to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of 80 not less than 2.50 times, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter for the last four fiscal quarters. Proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings outstanding under the Amended Credit Facilities. Borrowings under the FE Term Loan Facility that are Alternate Base Rate Loans (as defined in the FE Term Loan Facility) bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the “prime rate” published by the Wall Street Journal from time to time, (ii) the sum of 1/2 of 1% per annum plus the federal funds rate in effect from time to time and (iii) the Term SOFR Rate for a one-month interest period plus 1%. Borrowings under the FE Term Loan Facility that are Term Benchmark Loans (as defined in the FE Term Loan Facility) bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the sum of 0.80% per annum plus the Term SOFR Rate for such interest period. Borrowings under the FE Term Loan Facility that are RFR Loans (as defined in the FE Term Loan Facility) bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the sum of 0.80% per annum plus Daily Simple SOFR. Borrowings under the FE Term Loan Facility are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of events of default, including a cross-default to other indebtedness of FE or its significant subsidiaries in excess of $100 million and defaults for certain bankruptcy or insolvency events of FE or its significant subsidiaries. FE maintains ordinary banking and investment banking relationships with the Lenders under the FE Term Loan Facility. The foregoing description of the FE Term Loan Facility does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions in the FE Term Loan Facility which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description FirstEnergy (A) 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2026, by and among FirstEnergy Corp., as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. (A) 31.1 Certification of chief executive officer, as adopted pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). (A) 31.2 Certification of chief financial officer, as adopted pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). (A) 32 Certification of chief executive officer and chief financial officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 101 The following materials from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FirstEnergy Corp. for the period ended March 31, 2026, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) related notes to these financial statements and (vi) document and entity information. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document contained in Exhibit 101) JCP&L (A) 31.1 Certification of principal executive officer, as adopted pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (A) 31.2 Certification of principal financial officer, as adopted pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (A) 32 Certification of principal executive officer and principal financial officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 101 The following materials from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Jersey Central Power & Light Company for the period ended March 31, 2026, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, (ii) Balance Sheets, (iii) Statements of Common Stockholder's Equity, (iv) Statements of Cash Flows, (v) related notes to these financial statements and (vi) document and entity information. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document contained in Exhibit 101) (A) Provided herein in electronic format as an exhibit. Pursuant to paragraph (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K, FirstEnergy and JCP&L have not filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-Q any instrument with respect to long-term debt if the respective total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10% of their respective total assets, but hereby agree to furnish to the SEC on request any such documents. 81 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The signature for each undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof. April 28, 2026 FIRSTENERGY CORP. Registrant /s/ Jason J. Lisowski Jason J. Lisowski Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) JERSEY CENTRAL POWER & LIGHT COMPANY Registrant /s/ Lisa A. Schultz Lisa A. Schultz Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 82 