Item 1A: Risk Factors The following represents a discussion of risk factors relevant to Grainger's business that could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, along with the accuracy of forward-looking statements. The risks included below are not exhaustive. As Grainger operates in a rapidly changing environment, it is not possible for management to predict all risks and the corresponding impact of each such risk or a combination of risks. The presented risks and any new risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. The risk factors discussed in this section should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered the only risks to which Grainger is exposed. Industry and Market Risks Inflation could cause Grainger's operating and administrative expenses to grow more rapidly than net sales, which could result in lower gross margins and lower net earnings . Market variables, such as inflation of product costs, labor rates, fuel, freight and energy costs, as well as geopolitical events, could negatively impact Grainger's ability to effectively manage its operating and administrative expenses. For example, geopolitical conflicts and related international responses have exacerbated, and may continue to exacerbate inflationary pressures, including increases in fuel and other energy costs. Additionally, climate-related policies, carbon pricing mechanisms, and regulations aimed at reducing emissions may increase energy and raw material costs, which could put additional pressure on Grainger's margins. Inflation may also reduce demand for products, resulting in lower sales volumes. In addition, Grainger's inability to pass on increases in costs to customers in a timely manner, or at all, could cause Grainger's operating and administrative expenses to grow more rapidly than net sales, which could result in lower gross profit margins and lower net earnings. Disruptions in Grainger's supply chain could result in an adverse impact on results of operations. Grainger's logistics or supply chain network could be disrupted by the occurrence of: one or more natural or weather-related disasters, including earthquakes, tsunamis, storms, hurricanes, floods, fires, droughts, tornados and other extreme weather events or conditions; longer-term climate shifts that affect transportation infrastructure or material availability; pandemic diseases or viral contagions; geopolitical events, such as war, civil unrest or terrorist attacks in a country in which Grainger operates or in which its suppliers are located; disruptions to transportation infrastructure and networks, including from transport providers or third-party work stoppages related to labor strikes or lockouts; and the imposition of measures that create barriers to or increases in costs associated with international trade. Even when Grainger is able to find alternate sources for certain products, they may cost more or require Grainger to incur higher transportation costs, which could adversely impact Grainger's profitability and financial condition. For example, disruptions to global transportation networks, such as labor strikes or extreme weather damaging logistics hubs, could increase delays and costs. Any of these circumstances could impair Grainger's ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs, penalties or damage to Grainger's reputation. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of Grainger's business strategy and any such disruption could adversely impact results of operations and financial performance. Further escalation of geopolitical tensions across the world and potential actions taken in response to them could have a broad impact on markets where Grainger does business, adversely affect its suppliers and disrupt the sourcing, manufacturing and transportation of products. It is not possible to predict whether certain geopolitical events which could adversely affect Grainger's business will occur, or the broader consequences of these events if they did occur, which could include further instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on the global economy or possible sanctions, embargoes or other trade barriers. Weakness in the economy, market trends and other conditions affecting the profitability and financial stability of Grainger's customers could negatively impact Grainger's sales growth and results of operations. Economic, political and industry trends affect Grainger's business environment. Grainger serves several industries and markets in which the demand for its products and services is sensitive to the production activity, capital spending and demand for products and services of Grainger's customers. Many of these customers operate in markets that are subject to fluctuations resulting from market uncertainty, trade and tariff policies, costs of goods 12 sold, currency exchange rates, interest rate fluctuations, government spending and government shutdowns, economic downturns, recessions, foreign competition, offshoring of production, oil and natural gas prices, geopolitical developments, labor shortages, work stoppages, natural or human induced disasters, extreme weather, outbreaks of pandemic disease, inflation, deflation, and a variety of other factors beyond Grainger's control. Any of these factors could cause customers to idle or close facilities, delay purchases, reduce production levels, or experience reductions in the demand for their own products or services. Any of these events could also reduce the volume of products and services these customers purchase from Grainger or impair the ability of Grainger's customers to make full and timely payments and could cause increased pressure on Grainger's pricing and terms of sale. Accordingly, a significant or prolonged slowdown in economic activity in Canada, Japan, Mexico, the U.S. or any other major world economy, or a segment of any such economy, could negatively impact Grainger's sales, results of operations and cash flow. Unexpected product shortages, product cost increases and risks in trade and tariff policies associated with Grainger's suppliers could negatively impact customer relationships or result in an adverse impact on results of operations. Grainger's products are purchased from more than 5,000 primary suppliers located in various countries around the world, not one of which accounted for more than 5% of total purchases in the year ended December 31, 2025. Disruptions in procuring sources of supply could occur due to factors beyond Grainger's control. These factors could include economic downturns, recessions, outbreaks of pandemic disease, natural or human induced disasters, cybersecurity attacks, extreme weather, geopolitical unrest, new, threatened or increased tariffs, trade issues and policies, detention orders or withhold release orders on imported products, labor problems or shortages experienced by Grainger's suppliers or others in the supply chain, transportation availability, staffing and cost, shortage of raw materials, supplier consolidation, unilateral product cost increases by suppliers of products in short supply, inflation and other factors, any of which could adversely affect a supplier's ability to manufacture or deliver products or could result in an increase in Grainger's product costs. Further, Grainger sources products from Asia and other areas of the world. This increases the risk of supply disruption due to the additional lead time required, distances involved, and the range of potential consequences of various geopolitical risks. If Grainger was unable to promptly replace sources of supply that become disrupted, there could be adverse effects on inventory levels, results of operations, customer relationships and Grainger's reputation. In addition, Grainger has strategic relationships with a number of vendors. In the event Grainger was unable to maintain those relations, there might be a loss of competitive pricing arrangements which could, in turn, adversely affect results of operations. For products sold in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Japan, Grainger requires its suppliers and sub-suppliers, to comply with Grainger's Supplier Code of Ethics, or other similar responsible sourcing standards, as a condition of doing business with Grainger. Grainger's Supplier Code of Ethics focuses on four main areas of ethical sourcing: (i) human rights and labor standards (including prohibitions on child and forced labor); (ii) environment, health and safety; (iii) sanctions, trade, bribery and corruption; and (iv) privacy and information security. Grainger's Supplier Code of Ethics also addresses how to report potential Supplier Code of Ethics violations and related concerns. Grainger does not control its suppliers and their sub-suppliers, and neither Grainger nor its suppliers or other partners may be able to uncover all instances of noncompliance with Grainger's Supplier Code of Ethics and ethical and lawful business practices. Even an isolated incident, or the aggregate effect of individually insignificant incidents, can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental attention or investigations, product recalls, or litigation, and as a result, could tarnish Grainger's brand and lead to adverse effects on Grainger's business and results of its operations. Volatility in commodity prices may adversely affect gross margins. Some of Grainger's products contain significant amounts of commodity-priced materials, such as steel, copper, petroleum derivatives, rare earth minerals, or other materials or inputs required to manufacture certain products and are subject to price changes based on fluctuations in the commodities market. Certain policies, including carbon pricing, emissions trading systems, and regulations limiting industrial emissions, may further contribute to cost fluctuations for fuel, energy, and raw materials. Further changes in U.S. and foreign trade policy (including new or additional increases in duties or tariffs), including retaliatory actions by U.S. trade partners, could result in a worsening of economic conditions. The level of demand for Grainger's products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of raw materials and 13 commodities, including fuel. For example, climate-related regulations on transportation emissions could increase fuel costs, thereby impacting the cost of product distribution. Fluctuations in the price of fuel or increased demand for freight services could affect transportation costs. Grainger's ability to pass on such increases in costs in a timely manner, or at all, depends on market conditions. The inability to pass along cost increases could result in lower gross margins and lower net earnings. In addition, higher prices could reduce demand for these products, resulting in lower sales volumes. Fluctuations in foreign currency could have an effect on reported results of operations. Grainger's exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency rates results primarily from the translation exposure associated with the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as from transactions in currencies other than an entity's functional currency. While the Consolidated Financial Statements are reported in U.S. dollars, the Financial Statements of Grainger's subsidiaries outside the U.S. are prepared using the local currency as the functional currency and translated into U.S. dollars. In addition, Grainger is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to the U.S. dollar relative to the local currencies of Grainger's international subsidiaries, primarily the Japanese yen, Mexican peso, and Canadian dollar, arising from transactions in the normal course of business, such as sales and loans to wholly owned subsidiaries, sales to customers, purchases from suppliers, and bank loans and lines of credit denominated in foreign currencies. The foreign currency exchange rate is driven by a variety of macroeconomic factors and fiscal decisions of various governments and central banks, all over which Grainger has no control. Grainger also has foreign currency exposure to the extent receipts and expenditures are not denominated in a subsidiary's functional currency. These fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have affected and may continue to affect Grainger's results of operations and impact reported net sales, costs, cash flows and net earnings. The facilities maintenance industry is highly competitive, and changes in competition and other risks could increase our costs, impact demand for Grainger's products and services or impact the profitability of our business. Grainger competes in a variety of ways, including product assortment and availability, services offered to customers, pricing, purchasing convenience and the overall experience Grainger offers. This includes the ease of use of Grainger's high-touch operations, eCommerce platforms and delivery of products. There are several large competitors in the industry, as well as small local and regional competitors. Grainger faces competition from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to customers, wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and online businesses. To remain competitive, Grainger must be willing and able to respond to market pressures. Downward pressure on sales prices, changes in the volume of orders, and an inability to pass higher product costs on to customers could cause Grainger's gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. Grainger may not be able to pass rising product costs to customers if those customers have product or supplier alternatives in the marketplace. These pressures could have a material effect on Grainger's sales and profitability. To manage these potential pressures, Grainger routinely considers the adoption of new operating initiatives, including new marketing programs, productivity improvements, inventory management and loss prevention initiatives, practical applications of artificial intelligence (AI) and other similar strategies. If Grainger is unable to sustain or grow sales, reduce costs, and prevent loss and fraud, among other actions, Grainger's results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Moreover, Grainger expects technological advancements, innovations and the increased use of eCommerce solutions within the industry to continue to evolve at a rapid pace. As a result, Grainger's ability to effectively compete requires Grainger to respond and adapt to new industry trends and developments. Developing, upgrading, managing or implementing new technologies, including AI, business applications, strategies and innovations may require significant investment of resources by Grainger, may result in unexpected costs and disruptions to operations, may take longer than expected, may increase Grainger's vulnerability to cyber security incidents, attacks or intrusions, and may not provide all anticipated benefits. Changes in customer base or product mix could cause changes in Grainger's revenue or gross margin, or affect Grainger's competitive position. Grainger experiences changes in its customer base and product mix that affect gross margin. Changes in customer base and product mix result primarily from business acquisitions and divestitures, changes in customer demand, 14 customer acquisitions, selling and marketing activities, competition and the increased use of eCommerce by Grainger and its competitors. In addition, Grainger has entered, and may in the future continue to enter, into contracts with group purchasing organizations (GPOs) that aggregate the buying power of their member customers in negotiating selling prices. If Grainger is unable to enter into, or sustain, contractual arrangements on a satisfactory commercial basis with GPOs, Grainger's results of operations could be adversely affected. As its customer base and product mix change over time, Grainger must identify new products, product lines and services that respond to industry trends and customer needs. The inability to introduce new products and services and effectively integrate them into Grainger's existing assortment could have a negative impact on future sales growth and Grainger's competitive position. The inclusion of Grainger-branded products in the product assortment could subject Grainger to increased claims and litigation activity. In addition, any insurance or indemnification rights related to Grainger-branded products, including against the manufacturer of such products, may be insufficient or unavailable to protect Grainger against potential loss exposures. Grainger's common stock may be subject to volatility or price declines. The trading prices and volumes of Grainger's common stock may be subject to broad and unpredictable fluctuations due to changes in economic, political and market conditions, the financial results and business strategies of Grainger and its competitors, changes in expectations as to Grainger's future financial or operating performance, including estimates by securities analysts and investors, Grainger's failure to meet the financial performance guidance or other forward-looking statements provided to the public, speculation, coverage or sentiment in the media or investment community or by groups of individual investors, changes in capital structure, share repurchases or dividends, economic decline, political unrest or geopolitical conflict, outbreak of pandemic disease, and a number of other factors, including those discussed in this Item 1A. These factors, many of which are outside of Grainger's control, could cause volatility in securities prices and trading volume, including Grainger's stock price, to decline. Volatility in the price of Grainger's securities could result in the filing of securities litigation or government investigations, which could result in substantial costs and the diversion of management's time and resources. Grainger has a controlling ownership interest in MonotaRO, which is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE). MonotaRO's disclosure and reporting obligations under TSE listing requirements and Japanese securities laws, including the timing of such obligations, vary and may continue to vary from Grainger's obligations under New York Stock Exchange listing requirements and U.S. securities laws. MonotaRO's listed securities may be subject to the same volatility, price and securities litigation risks to which Grainger's common stock is subject. Operational Risks The growth of Grainger's eCommerce platforms exposes Grainger to additional risks which could adversely affect Grainger's reputation, financial condition and operating results. The successful execution of Grainger's eCommerce growth strategy depends on a number of factors, including Grainger's investment in its eCommerce platforms, consumer preferences and purchasing trends, and the ability to deliver a seamless procurement experience across digital and physical retail channels. As its eCommerce platforms have grown in recent years, Grainger has increased, and expects to continue to increase, its investments in developing, managing and implementing technology information systems, software development, machine learning and other capabilities to provide simplified customer interactions and to provide high-quality, user-friendly service to its customers and streamline customer interactions. Grainger has also made significant investments in digital advertising and customer acquisition and retention efforts for its eCommerce channels, including through paid and non-paid advertising such as display advertising, search engine optimization, email and mobile "push" notifications. If Grainger's customer-facing technology systems are perceived as more difficult or less compelling for customers to use than those of Grainger's competitors, or if digital marketing efforts are unsuccessful or if Grainger is otherwise unsuccessful at realizing the benefits of these investments, its reputation, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. Further, if these investments in Grainger's eCommerce platforms are less successful at attracting and retaining customers than similar investments by our competitors, or if Grainger is otherwise unsuccessful at realizing the benefits of these technological investments generally, its reputation, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. 15 In addition, the successful operation of Grainger's eCommerce channels depends in part upon third parties and factors over which Grainger has limited or no control. For example, Grainger relies in part on internet search engines to drive traffic to its websites, and the reach of Grainger's eCommerce channels is impacted by how and where its websites rank in both paid and unpaid search results. Potential changes to search engine ranking rules could cause Grainger's websites to place lower in search results and cause Grainger to incur increased advertising costs in order to increase its visibility. Further, ongoing changes in the legal and regulatory requirements surrounding data privacy, online tracking technologies such as cookies, digital advertising and other eCommerce matters could require Grainger to modify its eCommerce strategy, incur significant additional costs to comply with such changes or otherwise adversely affect Grainger's business, results of operations or financial condition. Grainger also relies on email and other messaging services to promote its websites and product offerings, and changes in Grainger's current or prospective customers' use of email or other messaging services or actions by third parties to block, restrict or charge for the delivery of such messages could adversely affect sales through Grainger's eCommerce channels and Grainger's results of operations. Grainger's eCommerce channels are subject to risks related to online payment methods and other online transactions, including through purchasing platforms. Grainger accepts a variety of payment methods via its eCommerce channels, including credit card, debit card, and other payment methods and other online transactions, including through its eProcurement technologies that communicate directly with Grainger.com and Grainger's other eCommerce channels. Although Grainger generally relies on third parties to facilitate eCommerce payments and payment processing services, Grainger may become subject to additional compliance requirements and regulations regarding these transactions and may also suffer losses from online fraudulent transactions on its eCommerce channels, including theft, credit card fraud and other fraudulent behavior. In addition, Grainger must pay certain transaction fees relating to these transactions, which may increase over time and could adversely impact product margins, operating costs and profitability. Grainger's eCommerce channels may become subject to further rules and regulations, and changes in these rules and regulations, or their interpretation, could increase the cost of doing business and adversely affect results of operations. Grainger's inability to adequately protect its intellectual property or successfully defend against infringement claims by others may have an adverse impact on operations. Grainger's business relies on the use, validity and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property, which includes current and future patents, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, copyrights and confidentiality agreements as well as license and sublicense agreements to use intellectual property owned by affiliated entities or third parties. Unauthorized use of Grainger's intellectual property by others could result in harm to various aspects of the business and may result in costly and protracted litigation in order to protect Grainger's rights. In addition, Grainger may be subject to claims that it has infringed on the intellectual property rights of others, which could subject Grainger to liability, require Grainger to obtain licenses to use those rights at significant cost or otherwise cause Grainger to modify its operations. In order to compete, Grainger must attract, train, motivate, develop and retain executive leaders and key team members, and the failure to do so could have an adverse effect on results of operations and financial condition. In order to compete and experience continued growth, Grainger must attract, train, motivate, develop, and retain executives and other key team members, including those in managerial, technical, sales, supply chain, technology development, data science and information technology positions. Grainger competes to hire team members at increasingly competitive wage rates and then must train them and develop their skills and competencies. Qualified individuals needed to fill open positions may be in short supply in some areas. Further, changes in market compensation rates may adversely affect Grainger's labor costs. Competition for qualified team members could require Grainger to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of team members. In addition to intense competition for talent, workforce dynamics are constantly evolving. If Grainger does not manage changing workforce dynamics effectively, it could materially adversely affect Grainger's culture, reputation, and operational flexibility. Additionally, Grainger's operational flexibility could be impacted by work stoppages or slowdowns resulting from collective bargaining or unionization efforts by team members, or situations preventing team members from accessing Grainger facilities such as social unrest, major weather events or significant threats to public safety. The performance of Grainger's stock price could impact Grainger's use of equity-based compensation to attract and retain executives and other key team members. The success of Grainger's team member hiring and retention also 16 depends on Grainger's ability to build and maintain a workplace culture that enables all team members to have the opportunity for a fulfilling and meaningful career. Generally, higher wages and benefit costs, competition for talent, and the risk of an increase in team member turnover, could adversely affect Grainger's results of operations. Moreover, changes in immigration policies may impair our ability to recruit, hire and retain technical and professional talent globally. Further, failure to successfully hire executives and key team members or adequately plan for the succession, transition, and assimilation of executive leaders and team members in key roles, or to plan for the loss of executives and key team members, could adversely affect Grainger's results of operations and financial condition. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of Grainger's reputation. One of the reasons customers choose to do business with Grainger and team members choose Grainger as a place of employment is the reputation that Grainger has built over many years. Grainger devotes time and resources to initiatives that align with its corporate values and are designed to strengthen its business and protect and preserve its reputation. These efforts include maintaining high standards of product quality and safety, ethical business practices, strong customer relationships, operational reliability, and a commitment to providing a positive workplace environment. These programs can be challenging to implement and costly to maintain, and Grainger's actual or perceived failure to achieve its goals or uphold its commitments could adversely affect its reputation, business, and financial performance. Grainger must continue to preserve, grow and leverage the value of its brand. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities. An isolated incident, or the aggregate effect of individually insignificant incidents, negative or inaccurate postings, articles, or comments on social media or the internet can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, and as a result, could tarnish Grainger's brand and lead to adverse effects on Grainger's business. Grainger's disclosures related to corporate responsibility expose it to risks that could adversely affect its reputation and performance. Grainger has established and publicly announced its Grainger Impact Program, including its efforts to eliminate waste, reduce its carbon footprint, improve workplace safety and foster a welcoming workplace. These statements reflect its current plans and are not guarantees that Grainger will be able to achieve them. Grainger's pursuit of or inability to update, achieve, or accurately report its goals could damage its reputation, financial performance, and growth, leading to increased scrutiny from customers, enforcement authorities, and other various stakeholders and potential risks such as reputational harm, lawsuits, or market access restrictions. Grainger's ability to achieve the objectives of the Grainger Impact Program is subject to numerous risks, some of which are outside of its control. For example, evolving climate-related regulations in multiple jurisdictions&#8212;such as stricter emissions limits, carbon disclosure mandates, and supply chain sustainability requirements&#8212;may require Grainger to adjust its operations and increase compliance investments. New environmental laws, regulations, and enforcement could strain Grainger's suppliers and result in increased compliance-related costs, which could result in higher product costs that are passed to Grainger. Furthermore, our customers may adopt procurement policies that include varying requirements that their suppliers should comply with, or they may seek to include such provisions or requirements in their procurement terms and conditions. Standards for tracking and reporting Grainger's activity, if any, related to the Grainger Impact Program continue to evolve. Grainger's selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. Methodologies for reporting applicable data may be updated and previously reported data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of Grainger's operations and other changes in circumstances. Grainger's processes and controls for reporting such matters across its operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identification, measurement, and reporting regulatory disclosure standards are or may become required by the SEC, European and other regulators (including, but not limited to, the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, the EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive, and other state or federal climate change disclosure requirements that may become effective), and such standards may change over time, which could result in revisions to Grainger's current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. If Grainger's practices do not meet evolving government, investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then Grainger's reputation or its attractiveness as an investment, business partner, product or service provider or employer could be negatively impacted, and Grainger could be subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings. 17 Technology Risks Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. The functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware and network infrastructures to effectively manage its information systems. However, Grainger may not be able to maintain or update its information systems to capture and use data in ways that result in operational efficiency, including as a result of ineffective software, difficulties obtaining the right talent and ability to manage the increasing volume of data available to, and managed by Grainger. Furthermore, although Grainger's information systems are protected with backup and security systems, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities, information systems are still vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural or human induced disasters, extreme weather, power losses, telecommunication failures, user error, third-party actions such as malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks and cybersecurity breaches, and other problems. In addition, Grainger relies on the information technology (IT) systems of third parties to assist in conducting its business. The implementation of new systems and upgrades to existing systems could impact Grainger's operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures, demands on management's time and risks of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. In addition, Grainger's systems implementations may not result in productivity improvements at the levels anticipated. Systems implementation disruption and any other IT disruption could have an adverse effect on the Company. If Grainger's systems or those of third parties on which Grainger depends are damaged, breached, cease to function properly or are otherwise disrupted, Grainger may require a significant investment to repair or replace them and may suffer interim interruptions in its business operations. If critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable, Grainger's ability to operate its digital platforms, process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, disburse funds, manage its supply chain, monitor results of operations, and process and store team member or customer data, among other functions, could be adversely affected. Any such interruption of Grainger's information systems could have a material adverse effect on its business or results of operations. Grainger has experienced these incidents in the past, which it deemed immaterial to its business and operations individually and in the aggregate, and may be subject to other incidents in the future. There can be no assurance that any future incidents will not be material to Grainger's business, operations or financial condition. The proliferation of AI may impact our industry and the markets in which we compete, and the development and use of AI presents competitive, reputational and liability risks. Grainger has also increased, and expects to continue to increase, its investments in developing, managing and implementing AI, such as large language model technologies. Grainger believes the proliferation of AI will have a significant impact on customer preferences and market dynamics in its industry, and Grainger's ability to effectively compete in this space will be critical to its financial performance. Grainger also believes that the effective use of AI in its internal operations is important to its long-term success. Grainger is working to incorporate AI capabilities into its digital platforms, as well as across Grainger in its own internal operations, and its research into and continued development of such technologies remain ongoing. As with many innovations, AI presents risks, challenges, and unintended consequences that could affect its rate and success of adoption, and therefore Grainger's business, and there is no guarantee that Grainger's use of AI or incorporation of AI capabilities into its business will benefit its business operations or result in solutions that are preferred by its customers. Grainger has invested, and expects to continue to invest, significant resources to build and support its AI products. If Grainger's digital platforms fail to operate as anticipated or as well as competing products or otherwise do not meet customer needs or if Grainger is unable to bring AI-enabled products and solutions to market as effectively, or with the same speed or in the same volumes, as our competitors, Grainger may fail to recoup its investments in AI or improve its financial performance, its competitive position may be harmed, and its business and reputation may be adversely impacted. In addition, AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information. AI models deployed by Grainger or its partners may lead to unexpected or unintended outcomes that could erode trust in its digital platforms and potentially cause harm to individuals or society. These deficiencies and other failures of AI systems could subject Grainger to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, including under new and proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the U.S. and European Union, new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws, and brand or reputational harm. Additionally, Grainger's obligations to comply with the evolving legal and regulatory landscape could entail significant costs or limit its ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into its digital platforms. Some AI capabilities also present ethical 18 issues, and Grainger may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. If Grainger enables or offers AI products or solutions or implement AI capabilities in its internal operations that are controversial because of their impact on human rights, the environment, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, Grainger may experience brand or reputational harm or greater team member attrition. Cybersecurity threats and incidents, including breaches of information systems security, could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, increase costs and/or decrease revenues. Through Grainger's sales and digital channels, as well as its ordinary course of business, Grainger collects and stores personally identifiable, confidential, proprietary and other information from customers, team members, suppliers, website visitors, and other entities or individuals so that they may, among other things, purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on Grainger's websites or otherwise communicate or interact with Grainger. Grainger's operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to its business, customers, suppliers and team members, and other sensitive matters. Cybersecurity threats are rapidly evolving and the means for obtaining unauthorized access to information systems and data are becoming increasingly sophisticated, including through the use of artificial intelligence to enhance social engineering and other techniques. Threat actors may attempt to access the information stored in Grainger's information systems or the information systems of Grainger's third-party business partners. Loss of customer, supplier, and team member information, intellectual property or other business information, or failure to comply with data privacy and security laws, or failure to maintain systems or software, could, for example, disrupt operations, damage Grainger's reputation and expose Grainger to claims from customers, suppliers, financial institutions, regulators, payment card associations, team members and others, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Graing