Item 1A. Risk Factors . In evaluating our business, the material risks described below, as well as other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission should be considered carefully. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. The occurrence of any of these events or circumstances could individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow or results of operations. This report contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary statements made under the heading "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" for more information on the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements. Strategic Risks Related to Our Business Our business will suffer if we are not successful in executing our business strategy. Our Playing to Win business strategy evolves around our mission to create joy and community through the magic of play and inspiring a lifetime of play. We are focused on extending the reach of our products globally to improve our position in the marketplace, increase revenue and increase operating profit. Failure to execute this strategic plan may harm our business. Our ability to successfully implement and execute these plans and initiatives is dependent on many factors, including, among other things: &#8226; our ability to successfully innovate, design, develop, price, commercialize and grow a focused group of brands to global consumers; &#8226; continuing to grow MAGIC: THE GATHERING and driving growth in DUNGEONS & DRAGONS as traditional trading card and role-playing games, as well as further expanding into digital offerings; &#8226; successfully growing and delivering on our digital gaming business; &#8226; successfully launching new digital studios and new digital games that gain customer acceptance; &#8226; continuing to grow our licensing business; and &#8226; returning our toy business to growth and increased profitability by optimizing the business, including through right-sizing our cost structure, creating efficiencies in our operations, and designing cost-effective products. Because our strategy emphasizes growing a focused set of franchises and expanding our higher-margin games and digital businesses, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, adverse trends affecting consumer demand for, or engagement with, any of these key brands could disproportionately impact our results of operations. In addition, the simultaneous pursuit of multiple strategic initiatives, including digital gaming development, licensing expansion, AI adoption, systems modernization and cost-saving initiatives, may strain management attention, organizational capacity and capital resources, and any failure to appropriately prioritize or allocate resources among these initiatives could adversely affect our business and result of operations. Our business will suffer if we are unable to develop, publish and commercialize digital games. A key component to the success of our strategy is to continue to develop, publish and commercialize digital games, including AAA/AA games, games as a service and licensed games based on our existing IP, as well as new and licensed IP. We have invested substantially in our digital gaming business. If we are unable to successfully launch and commercialize existing and new games, our business may be harmed. The digital gaming industry is highly competitive, including for talent, and costs associated with designing, developing and producing digital games and technologically advanced or sophisticated products tend to be higher than for many of our other more traditional products, with no assurance of success. As a result, we face increased risk of not achieving sales sufficient to recover our costs and we may lose money on the development and sale of these products. There is no guarantee that a given game will be successful and it is possible we may cease development on a game after significant investment. As a result, we face the risk of significant write-offs in the event a digital game's development is discontinued prior to commercialization or is not as commercially successful as we planned. Designing, developing and producing digital gaming and other technologically advanced or innovative products often relies on third parties and requires different competencies and follows different timelines than traditional toys and games. Delays in the design, development or production of our digital gaming products or introduction of competitive digital game products in close proximity to our introduction could have a significant impact on our success. Further, the pace of change in product offerings and consumer tastes in electronics and digital gaming areas is potentially even greater than for our other products and this pace of change is expected to accelerate as 18 Table of Contents artificial intelligence is further incorporated into the development of games. If a digital game fails to gain consumer acceptance early in its life cycle, there are limited opportunities to gain such acceptance through secondary launches or distribution through alternative platforms. This pace of change or lack of consumer acceptance means that the window in which a digital gaming product can achieve and maintain consumer interest may be even shorter than traditional toys and games. We may not realize the full benefit of our licenses from third parties if the licensed material has less market appeal than expected, if revenue from the licensed products is not sufficient to earn out the minimum guaranteed royalties or if licenses are not renewed. A significant part of our strategy for our consumer products business and our Wizards and digital gaming business is to license premium and well-recognized intellectual property for the development of products. For example, we have licenses with The Walt Disney Company for the Marvel and Star Wars properties for toys and games, and for our Universes Beyond MAGIC: THE GATHERING sets we have licenses for key brands such as Final Fantasy , Spider-Man , Avatar , and Lord Of The Rings . In some cases, we may only obtain a license for certain aspects of an intellectual property or for certain territories, which means that some of our competitors may also use the same intellectual property for other categories or in different territories. Sales may be adversely affected if the licensed products do not resonate with new or existing consumers or if consumers reduce purchases due to the perception a brand is diluted given numerous options available. If we produce a line of products based on a movie or television series or digital game, the timing of release or overall success of the movie, series or digital game has a critical impact on the level of consumer interest in the associated products we offer. In addition, competition in our industry for access to premium brand properties is intense and can lessen our ability to secure, maintain, and renew popular licenses on beneficial terms. If we are unable to realize the full benefit of an important license, or if an important license is not renewed or is otherwise terminated, our business results may be harmed. The license agreements we enter to obtain these rights usually require us to pay minimum royalty guarantees that may be substantial, and in some cases may be greater than what we are ultimately able to recoup from actual sales, which could result in write-offs and could harm our results of operations. Acquiring or renewing licenses may require the payment of minimum guaranteed royalties that we consider to be too high to be profitable, which may result in losing licenses that we currently hold when they become available for renewal, or not pursuing certain new licenses. Additionally, as a licensee of premium-based properties, we cannot guarantee that a particular property or brand will translate into successful products, and underperformance of any such products may result in reduced revenues and operating profit for us. Third party licensees and partners of our brands may fail to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk. Licensing certain of our brands and intellectual property to third parties is also a significant part of our business strategy. Under these and other partner arrangements, we lose some control over how the brand or intellectual property is used, potentially leading to misuse or misrepresentation. The actions of third-party licensees and partners may put our business and reputation at risk if they do not maintain the quality of our products or otherwise do not operate in accordance with our standards. These third parties may fail to pay royalties or other agreed upon fees, which could lead to financial losses. It is also possible that these third parties could infringe on others intellectual property rights, which could result in legal issues for us. Further, disruptions in the financial markets, economic downturns, poor business decisions, or reputational harm may adversely affect these third-party licensees and may impact their ability to honor their obligations to us or we may cease our arrangements with them. Alternative arrangements may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner. As our strategy increasingly relies on third-party partners to invest in and scale experiences based on our intellectual property, reductions in partner investment, shifts in partner priorities or changes in economic conditions could limit the growth, reach or profitability of these initiatives. 19 Table of Contents Consumer interests change quickly and acceptance of our product offerings are influenced by technological and outside factors, making it difficult to design and develop innovative products and other offerings which are and will continue to be popular with children, families, fans and audiences. Our ability to successfully create innovative products that inspire a lifetime of play is affected by the interests of children, families, fans and audiences which evolve quickly and can change dramatically from year to year and by geography. To be successful, we must correctly anticipate the types of products, play patterns and entertainment which will capture consumers' interests and imagination, and quickly develop and introduce innovative and value driven products and engaging entertainment which can compete successfully for consumers' limited time, attention and spending. It is very difficult to predict consumer acceptance with certainty due to, among other things, the increasing utilization of technology at younger and younger ages, social media and digital media, the breadth of products and entertainment available to consumers, and outside factors such as influencers, critical reviews and promotions. Evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever-changing and expanding pipeline of products, technology and entertainment which compete for consumer interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products, technology and entertainment offerings can fail to achieve consumer acceptance or can be popular during a certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. As a result, our products and entertainment offerings can have short consumer life cycles with no guarantee of success. In addition, frequent product releases, cross-brand collaborations or expanded licensing initiatives may contribute to franchise fatigue or oversaturation, which could reduce long-term consumer engagement and diminish the value of our brands. Failure to correctly anticipate consumer interests, will harm our revenues and earnings. Technological developments, such as developments in artificial intelligence and shifts to streaming platforms for entertainment content, continue to evolve, and these developments may affect aspects of our existing business model, including revenue streams for the use of our intellectual property and how we create our products and games. As we incorporate AI tools into aspects of our business, including product and game development, we may face increased costs, operational complexity, IP and data governance challenges, and evolving regulatory requirements, any of which could adversely affect timelines, quality, or expected returns on investment. We may lose opportunities to capitalize on changing market dynamics, technological innovations or consumer tastes if we do not adapt to such changes in a timely manner. If we fail to accurately assess and effectively respond to changes in technology and consumer behavior in the markets in which we operate, our business may be harmed. The use of artificial intelligence in product and game development may also raise intellectual property, data sourcing, ethical or regulatory issues, and disputes or restrictions in these areas could increase costs, delay development or limit the use of certain technologies. Failure to achieve our anticipated cost-savings may impact our ability to operate efficiently and profitably. There are no assurances that we will achieve cost savings in the amounts we anticipate or within the anticipated timeframes or at all. In addition, any cost savings that we realize may be offset, in whole or in part, by reductions in net sales or through increases in other expenses. Failure to realize the expected cost savings from these cost savings programs could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, our revenues, market share and profitability could decline. The play industry is highly competitive, and if we fail to compete successfully, our business may be harmed. Our primary competition comes from toy and game companies, digital gaming companies and digital gaming developers. We compete with several large companies in our product categories, as well as with many smaller United States and international game and toy designers, manufacturers and marketers. In certain instances, we compete with large retailers, who offer such products under their own private labels, often at lower prices. Competition is based primarily on meeting consumer preferences and on the quality and play value of our products and experiences, and, in some cases, the timing of release of other products and games that attract a similar consumer. To a lesser extent, competition is also based on product pricing. We expect that as the use of artificial intelligence becomes more prevalent, we will continue to see increased competition from those using such technology to develop games, toys and content. In addition to existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the play industry are low. The use of digital media and the heightened connection between digital media and consumer interest, has further increased the ability for new participants to enter our markets, and has broadened the array of companies we compete with. For example, with the use of influencers and media outlets such as Tik Tok, new participants with a popular product idea can gain access to consumers and become a significant source of competition for our products in a very short period of time. These existing and new competitors may respond more rapidly than us to changes in consumer preferences or may design products that are more desirable than ours. Our competitors' products may achieve 20 Table of Contents greater market acceptance than our products and potentially reduce demand for our products, lower our revenues and lower our profitability. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, dispositions or investments in joint ventures, or those benefits may be delayed or reduced in their realization. We cannot be certain that the products and offerings of companies we may acquire, or acquire an interest in, will achieve or maintain popularity with consumers in the future or that any such acquired companies or investments will allow us to more effectively market our products, develop our competencies or grow our business. In some cases, we expect that the integration of the companies that we may acquire will create production, marketing and other operating, revenue or cost synergies which will produce greater revenue growth and profitability and, where applicable, cost savings, operating efficiencies and other advantages. However, we cannot be certain that these synergies, efficiencies and cost savings will be realized. Even if achieved, these benefits may be delayed, reduced or short-lived in their realization. In other cases, we may acquire or invest in companies that we believe have strong and creative management, in which case we may plan to operate them more autonomously rather than fully integrating them into our operations. We cannot be certain that the key talented individuals at these companies would continue to work for us after the acquisition or that they would develop popular and profitable products, entertainment or services in the future. Acquisitions of businesses and brands could also be adversely affected by changes in our business strategy or external factors, such as any decision to sell, license or otherwise dispose of certain assets. We cannot guarantee that any acquisition, disposition, license or investment we may make will be successful or beneficial, and acquisitions, dispositions, licenses and investments can consume significant amounts of management attention and other resources, which may negatively impact other aspects of our business. Operational Risks Related to our Business Our business may be harmed by the imposition or threat of tariffs, including reciprocal or retaliatory tariffs, in markets in which we operate which could increase our product costs and other costs of doing business, reduce or delay purchases, impact consumer spending, or lower our revenues and earnings. The current global tariff environment remains uncertain. For products manufactured outside the U.S., tariffs increase the cost of our products. Tariffs may impact our sales and reduce our profitability. Tariffs may also impact consumer spending if products become more expensive or consumers have less discretionary income or consumer spending power. The current tariff environment, particularly the imposition or threat of tariffs on products manufactured in China for import into the U.S. as well the potential for retaliatory and reciprocal tariffs in other countries in which we do business, has in the past negatively impacted our business and may in the future negatively impact our business, sales and profitability. The threat and imposition of tariffs have resulted in the past, and may in the future result, in the elimination of some direct import orders, where customers take ownership of products near the source of supply and import the product themselves into the U.S., in favor of shifting to domestic orders, which requires us to ship the products to the U.S., and import and warehouse the products prior to delivery to the customer. This shift to domestic orders raises the cost to us, can result in delays in the time of a sale, and may result in the potential loss of some orders entirely due to the lack of timely supply or other delays. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement actions to lessen the impact of tariffs imposed on our products, including any changes to our supply chain, logistics capabilities, sales policies or pricing of our products. An inability to develop, introduce and ship planned products, product lines and new brands in a timely and cost-effective manner could result in excess inventory, a shortage of products or otherwise damage our business. In developing products, product lines and new brands we have anticipated dates for the associated product and brand introductions. When we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a particular product, product line or brand at a certain time in the future those expectations are based on completing the associated development, implementation, and marketing work in accordance with our currently anticipated development schedule. If we do not have in place appropriate systems and technology, or do not obtain sufficient data, analytics and insights, we may not be able to adequately predict demand for our products. If we fail to accurately forecast demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of product to deliver to our customers. Inventory levels in excess of demand have in the past resulted in, and may in the future result in inventory write-downs or write-offs, and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices or through less preferred distribution channels, which could harm our profit margins. If we do not operate our supply chain in an effective manner, we will not be able to manufacture, source and ship new or continuing products in a timely manner and on a cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers' compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. 21 Table of Contents We are implementing new original design processes for some of our products in an effort to reduce costs and potentially enter into new or underserved markets. At the same time, we are also increasing sophistication of many of the brands and products we are designing and developing in terms of combining digital and traditional technologies, and providing greater innovation and product differentiation. Unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, or changes in anticipated consumer demand for our products and new brands may cause the introduction date for products to be later than anticipated, may reduce or eliminate the profitability of such products, result in excess inventory, or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued or not introduced in certain markets. If we are unable to navigate through global supply chain challenges, our business may be harmed. We have periodically faced global supply chain challenges with the production and delivery of some products being delayed due to logistics, including labor, trucking and container shortages, strikes, port congestion and other shipping disruptions. We experienced increases in material costs and shortages for some of our products, due in part to higher wages being paid due to labor shortages in China and Vietnam, as well as periodic and unpredictable manufacturing shut-downs or slow-downs due to COVID-19, political instability in certain port regions and tariffs. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to take actions, such as increase prices, to offset the entirety of additional costs we have incurred, and may incur in the future to mitigate the supply chain disruption. Further, if we are unable to negotiate favorable carrier agreements, deliver products on time or otherwise satisfy demand for our products, our business may be harmed. If we are unable to expand our direct-to-consumer relationships, our business may be harmed. Part of our strategy is to increase our reach with our consumers through direct-to consumer relationships created through ecommerce, social media, digital games and services. If we are unable to effectively connect with consumers through these channels, our business may be harmed. Similarly, if our technology and systems used to support direct-to-consumer order processing are not effective, our ability to deliver products on time on a cost-effective basis may be adversely affected. Failure to continue to adapt our systems and supply chain and successfully fulfill ecommerce sales could harm our business. The concentration of our customer base means that economic difficulties or changes in the purchasing or promotional policies or patterns of our major customers could have a significant impact on us. We depend upon a relatively small customer base to sell the majority of our products. During 2025, Amazon.com, Inc. and Wal-Mart, Inc. accounted for approximately 11% and 9%, respectively, of our consolidated net revenues. Similarly, sales of certain products of our Wizards business depend in part on the success of specialty hobby stores. Due to our customer concentration and customer base, if one or more of our major customers or specialty hobby stores were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us, favor competitors or new entrants, increase their direct competition with us by expanding their private-label business, change their purchasing patterns, impose unexpected fees on us, alter the manner in which they promote our products or the resources they devote to promoting and selling our products, or return substantial amounts of our products, our business may be harmed. Our customers generally do not enter into binding long-term purchase commitments with us and make all purchases by delivering purchase orders. Any customer could reduce its overall purchase of our products and reduce the number and variety of our products that it carries and the shelf space allotted for our products. In addition, increased concentration among our customers could negatively impact our ability to negotiate higher sales prices for our products and could result in lower margins than would otherwise be obtained if there were less consolidation among our customers. Furthermore, as we experienced with the bankruptcy of certain of our retailers in the past, the failure or lack of success of a significant retail customer could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. Our substantial business, sales and manufacturing operations outside the U.S. subject us to risks associated with international operations. We operate in numerous countries outside the U.S. Additionally, we utilize third-party manufacturers primarily located in the Far East, including China, Vietnam and India, to produce most of our products. These international operations, including operations in emerging markets, have unique consumer preferences and business climates, present additional challenges and are subject to risks that may significantly harm our sales, increase our costs or otherwise damage our business, including: &#8226; The imposition of tariffs as described in these risk factors, trade sanctions, quotas, border adjustment taxes or other protectionist measures; &#8226; Political instability, civil unrest and economic instability; 22 Table of Contents &#8226; Currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations; &#8226; Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross-border transactions, which can materially increase our taxes and other costs of doing business; &#8226; Greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights; &#8226; Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws and regulations and related enforcement, as such laws and policies relate to our products and approval of entertainment; &#8226; Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be different from the U.S.; &#8226; Natural disasters and the greater difficulty and cost in recovering therefrom; &#8226; Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes, labor shortages and other events causing transportation delays and interruptions; &#8226; Increased investment and operational complexity to make our products compatible with systems in various countries and compliant with local laws; and &#8226; Changes in international labor costs and other costs of doing business internationally. Because of the importance of international sales, sourcing and manufacturing to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed if any of the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our increasing global business and operating in an environment with these risks. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers presents risks to our business. Most of our toy and game products are manufactured by third-party manufacturers, a substantial but decreasing number of which are in China, and a significant amount of our product sourcing also coming from manufacturers in the U.S., Vietnam, India and Japan. Should changes be necessary, our external sources of manufacturing can be shifted over a significant period of time to alternative sources of supply. Working with vendors who have not historically manufactured products for us means these new vendors must successfully develop the capability to manufacture our products to the quality and safety standards we require and within the tight timeframe required by our customers. Newer and less experienced vendors are more susceptible to product quality, logistics and other issues, due in part to their less mature infrastructure or unfamiliarity with our product standards. In addition, our increased use of original design manufacturers ("ODMs") to support cost efficiency and speed to market may reduce our direct control over product design, quality, sourcing and manufacturing processes, and any failure by ODM partners to meet our design specifications, quality standards, delivery requirements or compliance obligations could adversely affect our products, brand reputation, margins and results of operations. If we were prevented or delayed in obtaining products or components for a material portion of our product lines due to economic, political, civil, labor or other factors beyond our control, including work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes, natural disasters, adverse health conditions or pandemics, our ability to manufacture would be adversely affected and our operations may be substantially disrupted, potentially for a significant period of time. This delay could significantly reduce our revenues and profitability and harm our business while alternative sources of supply are secured. Given that our toy and game manufacturing is conducted by third-party manufacturers, health conditions and other factors affecting social and economic activity where our manufacturers are located may affect the movement of people and products into and from those locations to our major markets, including North America and Europe. The suspension of the operations of a third-party manufacturer by government inspectors in China or another market in which we source products could result in delays to us in obtaining product and may harm sales. Further, increases in the costs of labor and other costs of doing business in markets where we manufacture, could also have a significant negative impact on our operations, revenues and earnings. Prolonged disputes or slowdowns at west coast or other ports can negatively impact both the time and cost of transporting goods into the U.S. Natural disasters or health pandemics impacting our manufacturers had and can have a significant negative impact on our business. 23 Table of Contents We require our third-party manufacturers to comply with our Global Business Ethics Principles, which are designed to prevent products manufactured for us from being produced under inhumane or exploitive conditions. Notwithstanding these requirements and our monitoring and testing of compliance with them, there is always a risk that one or more of our third-party manufacturers will not comply with our requirements and that we will not immediately discover such non-compliance. Any failure of our third-party manufacturers to comply with labor, consumer, product safety or other applicable requirements in manufacturing products for us could result in damage to our reputation, harm sales of our products and potentially create liability for us. Our dependence on third-party relationships with studios, content producers and distribution channels to develop and distribute digital games and entertainment content is critical to our business. We rely on third party relationships with studios, content producers and distribution channels to develop and distribute certain digital games and entertainment content. Our financial performance may be adversely affected by our relationships with these studios, content producers and distribution channels. Some of our digital gaming developers and content producers are affiliates of major studios that develop their own games or content. Some have their own distribution capability in the markets in which we operate, and some may decide, or be required by their respective parent companies, to use their intra&#8209;company distribution or content production capabilities rather than contracting with us. Our business may be harmed if the studios, content producers and distribution channels with which we work stop or reduce the amount of work they do with us or otherwise demand less favorable terms to us. If our vendors or third-party outsourcing partners fail to perform, our business may be harmed. We have relied and expect to further rely on third-party vendor and outsourcing relationships for certain corporate, administrative and other functional areas of the business. Working with third-parties subjects us to risk, including the reduction in full control over certain activities. Any failure to perform timely or accurately or other shortcoming of one of these vendors or outsourcers, could harm our business or could damage our reputation. Transitioning some of these services to a third-party outsourcing vendor is challenging and time-consuming. Problems with transitioning these services and systems to, or operating failures with, these vendors and outsourcers may cause delays to product sales and reduce the efficiency of our operations. We may not achieve the cost-savings we expect, and we may suffer knowledge loss and require significant capital investments to remediate the problem. We cannot guarantee that our outsourcing efforts will be successful. Our success is dependent on the efforts and dedication of our officers and other employees. Our officers and employees are at the heart of all our efforts. It is their skill, innovation and hard work that drive our success. We compete with many other potential employers in recruiting, hiring and retaining our management team and our many other skilled officers and employees around the world. Experienced personnel and top creative talent in the markets in which we operate are in high demand and competition for their talent is intense. Further, the continuing debate and practice of remote and hybrid work creates further challenges in retaining employees as some employees desire more flexibility in their employment and the ability to work remotely or hybrid opens up more employment opportunities. The relocation of our primary headquarters for our toys, board games, licensing and entertainment operations from Rhode Island to Boston, Massachusetts requires substantial investment and could disrupt operations. We may lose experienced personnel unwilling to relocate, and we may face challenges recruiting in Boston's competitive labor market. If we are unable to successfully manage this transition, including facility build-out, systems migration, and cultural integration, our operations and financial performance could suffer. Certain aspects of our business, including digital game development and franchise-driven brands such as MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, depend on a limited number of highly skilled creative and technical personnel, and the loss of such individuals could disrupt development pipelines or adversely affect product quality and performance. The impact of the planned move, recent reductions in workforce or failing to retain key employees can be high due to increased risk of loss of important information, key knowledge and relationships, loss of creative talent, lost productivity, hiring and training costs, all of which could result in lower efficiency, profitability or otherwise harm the business. We cannot guarantee that we will recruit, hire or retain the key personnel we need to succeed. 24 Table of Contents Our business may be harmed if we are unable to protect our critical intellectual property rights. Our intellectual property, including our trademarks and tradenames, copyrights, patents, and rights under our license agreements and other agreements that establish our intellectual property rights and maintain the confidentiality of our intellectual property, is of critical value. We rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright, trademark, patent and other proprietary rights laws to protect our rights to valuable intellectual property in the U.S. and around the world. From time to time, third parties have challenged, and may in the future try to challenge, our ownership of our intellectual property in the U.S. and around the world. In addition, our business is subject to the risk of third parties counterfeiting our products or infringing on our intellectual property rights, as well as the risk of unauthorized persons copying and distributing our digital or entertainment content or leaking portions of planned digital or entertainment content. We may need to resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Similarly, third parties may claim ownership over certain aspects of our products, productions or other intellectual property. Our failure to successfully protect our intellectual property rights could significantly harm our business and competitive position. Failure to successfully operate our information systems and implement new technology effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability. We rely extensively on various information technology systems and software applications to manage many aspects of our business, including product development, management of our supply chain, sale and delivery of our products, analytics, royalty and financial reporting and various other processes and transactions. As part of our transformation efforts, we are continuing to upgrade some of our technology and systems, and we are relying on the systems of third-party outsourcers for certain critical functions. We are critically dependent on the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems and related back-up systems. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malware and other cybersecurity attacks and breaches, catastrophic events such as hurricanes, fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, acts of war or terrorism and usage errors by our employees or partners. The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends on these information systems, including our ability and the ability of our third-party outsourcers to operate them effectively and to select and implement appropriate upgrades or new technologies and systems and adequate disaster recovery systems successfully. The failure of our information systems or third-party hosted technology to perform as designed or our failure to implement and operate them effectively could disrupt our business, require significant capital investments to remediate a problem or subject us to liability. 25 Table of Contents If our electron