Item 1A: Risk Factors Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of material risks that could adversely affect Huntington's business, financial condition, results of operation, or business. Credit Risks &#8226; Our ACL level may prove to not be adequate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures, which could adversely affect our net income and capital. &#8226; Weakness in economic conditions could adversely affect our business. &#8226; Our emphasis on commercial lending may expose us to increased lending risks. Market Risks &#8226; Changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. This could have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital. &#8226; Inflation could negatively impact our business, our profitability, and our stock price. &#8226; Industry competition may have an adverse effect on our success. Liquidity Risks &#8226; Changes in Huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry, or changes in interest rates, could result in a loss of depositor confidence. &#8226; We are a holding company and depend on dividends from our subsidiaries for liquidity needs. &#8226; If we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities. &#8226; A reduction in our credit rating could adversely affect our access to capital and could increase our cost of funds. &#8226; Instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Operational Risks &#8226; Our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt our business and adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm. &#8226; We face risks from cyber-attacks and other information or security breaches, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues, contractors, and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential, proprietary, personal and other information, any of which could adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure. &#8226; We face significant operational risks which could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and capital markets. &#8226; We grow our business in part by acquiring, from time to time, other financial services businesses and businesses with technologies or other assets valuable to us. Acquisitions present several risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into Huntington after closing. &#8226; Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and our stock price. &#8226; We rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. &#8226; We rely on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure. 28 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated Table of Contents &#8226; Changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations. &#8226; Impairment of goodwill could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on our results of operations. &#8226; Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could adversely affect our operations, businesses, and customers. &#8226; We use AI in connection with our business and operations, which exposes us to inherent risks that may expose us to material harm. Compliance Risks &#8226; We operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting, or reporting, including changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us and our business model. &#8226; Legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price. &#8226; The resolution of significant pending litigation, if unfavorable, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular period. &#8226; Noncompliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause us material financial loss. &#8226; Cybersecurity and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and regulatory focus. Strategic Risks &#8226; We operate in a highly competitive industry which depends on our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences. &#8226; We depend on our executive officers and key personnel to continue the implementation of our long-term business strategy and could be harmed by the loss of their services. &#8226; Bank regulations regarding capital and liquidity, including the CCAR assessment process and the U.S. Basel III capital and liquidity standards, could require higher levels of capital and liquidity. Among other things, these regulations could impact our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase common stock, attract cost-effective sources of deposits, or require the retention of higher amounts of low yielding securities. Reputational Risk &#8226; Damage to our reputation could significantly harm our business, including our competitive position and business prospects. Cadence Merger Risks &#8226; We are expected to incur substantial costs related to the Cadence Merger and integration. &#8226; Combining Huntington and Cadence may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and Huntington and Cadence may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Cadence Merger. &#8226; The future results of the combined company following the Cadence Merger may suffer if the combined company does not effectively manage its expanded operations. &#8226; The combined company may be unable to retain Huntington or Cadence personnel successfully. 2025 Form 10-K 29 Table of Contents The risks and uncertainties listed below present risks that could have a material impact on Huntington's financial condition, results of operations, or its business. Some of these risks and uncertainties are interrelated and the occurrence of one or more of them may exacerbate the effect of others. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones Huntington faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Huntington or that Huntington believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. Additionally, refer to factors set forth under the caption "Forward-Looking Statements." For more information on how we manage risks, see discussion in the " Risk Management " section of our MD&A. In addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference into this report, readers should carefully consider that the following important factors, among others, could negatively impact our business, future results of operations, and future cash flows materially. Credit Risks: Our ACL level may prove to not be adequate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures, which could adversely affect our net income and capital. Our business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. Our ACL of $2.7 billion at December 31, 2025, represented management's estimate of the current expected losses in our loan and lease portfolio (ALLL), as well as our unfunded lending commitments (AULC). We regularly review our ACL for appropriateness. In doing so, we consider probability of default, loss given default, and exposure at default depending on economic parameters for each month of the remaining contractual term of the credit exposure. The economic parameters are developed using available information relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. There is no certainty that our ACL will be appropriate over time to cover lifetime losses of the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. If the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the ACL is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regulatory review of risk ratings and loan and lease losses may impact the level of our ACL and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Weakness in economic conditions could adversely affect our business. Continued economic uncertainty and a recessionary or stagnant economy could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our performance could be negatively affected to the extent there is deterioration in business and economic conditions, including persistent inflation, rising interest rates, supply chain issues, labor shortages, or changes in U.S. trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs, which have direct or indirect material adverse impacts on us, our customers, and our counterparties. These conditions could result in one or more of the following: &#8226; A decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us; &#8226; A decrease in customer savings generally, and in the demand for savings and investment products offered by us; &#8226; An increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws, or default on their loans or other obligations to us; and &#8226; An increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies, or defaults could result in a higher level of NPAs, NCOs, provision for credit losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. The markets we serve are dependent on industrial and manufacturing businesses and, thus, are particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions affecting these sectors. 30 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated Table of Contents A U.S. government debt default would have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance, including a decrease in the value of Treasury bonds and other government securities held by us, which could negatively impact Huntington's and the Bank's capital positions and their ability to meet regulatory requirements. Other negative impacts of a U.S. government debt default, budget deficit concerns, government shutdown, or related credit ratings downgrades could include volatile capital markets, an adverse impact on the U.S. economy and the U.S. dollar, as well as increased default rates among borrowers in light of increased economic uncertainty. Some of these impacts might occur even in the absence of an actual default or government shutdown as a consequence of extended political negotiations around the threat of such a default or government shutdown. Our emphasis on commercial lending may expose us to increased lending risks. At December 31, 2025, 60% of our loan portfolio was comprised of loans in our commercial loan portfolio, which includes commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, and lease financing. While commercial loans are generally more interest rate sensitive and carry higher yields than residential mortgage loans, these types of loans generally expose a lender to greater risk of non-payment and loss than single-family residential mortgage loans because repayment of the loans often depend on the income stream of the borrowers or successful operation of the property. Such loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to single-family residential mortgage loans. At December 31, 2025, we had $1.7 billion of reserves specifically allocated to loans in our commercial loan portfolio. We also monitor loan concentrations on an individual relationship and industry wide basis to evaluate the amount of risk we have in our loan portfolio. Market Risks: Changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. This could have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital. Our results of operations depend substantially on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest earning assets (such as investments and loans) and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities (such as deposits and borrowings). Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, and domestic and international economic and political conditions. Conditions such as inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and other factors beyond our control may also affect interest rates. In addition, the Federal Reserve's monetary policies, including changes in the federal funds rate and increasing or reducing the size of its balance sheet, may also affect interest rates. If our interest earning assets mature or reprice faster than interest bearing liabilities in a declining interest rate environment, our net interest income could be materially adversely impacted. Likewise, if interest bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest earning assets in a rising interest rate environment, our net interest income could be adversely impacted. Changes in interest rates can affect the value of loans, securities, assets under management, and other assets, including mortgage servicing rights. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases may lead to an increase in NPAs and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. When we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. However, we continue to incur interest expense as a cost of funding NALs without any corresponding interest income. In addition, transactional income, including trust income, brokerage income, and gain on sales of loans, can vary significantly from period-to-period based on a number of factors, including the interest rate environment. A decline in interest rates could result in declining net interest margins if longer duration assets reprice faster than deposits. Rising interest rates reduce the value of our fixed-rate securities. Unrealized losses from available-for-sale securities impact our OCI, shareholders' equity, and the Tangible Common Equity ratio. Any realized securities losses impact our regulatory capital ratios. For more information, refer to " Market Risk " section of the MD&A. 2025 Form 10-K 31 Table of Contents Certain investment securities, notably mortgage-backed securities, are sensitive to rising and falling interest rates. Generally, when rates rise, prepayments of principal and interest will decrease, and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will increase. Conversely, when rates fall, prepayments of principal and interest will increase, and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will decrease. In either case, interest rates have a significant impact on the value of mortgage-backed securities. MSR fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates, as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. Prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. In addition to volatility associated with interest rates, the Company also has exposure to equity markets related to the investments within our benefit plans and other income from client-based transactions. Inflation could negatively impact our business, our profitability, and our stock price. Prolonged periods of inflation may impact our profitability by negatively impacting our fixed costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expense related to talent acquisition and retention. Additionally, inflation may lead to a decrease in consumer and clients' purchasing power and negatively affect the need or demand for our products and services. If significant inflation continues, our business could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased default rates leading to credit losses which could decrease our appetite for new credit extensions. These inflationary pressures could also result in missed earnings and budgetary projections causing our stock price to suffer. Industry competition may have an adverse effect on our success. Our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. We operate in a highly competitive environment, and we expect competition to intensify. Certain of our competitors are larger and have more resources than we do, enabling them to be more aggressive than us in competing for loans and deposits. Our competitors could be made larger through merger or consolidation. In our market areas, we face competition from other banks and financial service companies that offer similar services. Some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. Technological advances have made it possible for our non-bank competitors to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including mobile payments, online deposit accounts, electronic payment processing, and marketplace lending, without having a physical presence where their customers are located. Legislative or regulatory changes also could lead to increased competition in the financial services sector. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including customer convenience, quality of service by investing in new products and services, electronic platforms, personal contacts, pricing, and range of products. If we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and retain our current customers, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. In particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, or a desire to do business with our competitors, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin. For more information, refer to " Competition " section of Item 1: Business. Liquidity Risks: Changes in Huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry, or changes in interest rates, could result in a loss of depositor confidence. Liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. The Bank uses its liquidity to extend credit and to repay liabilities as they become due or as demanded by customers. 32 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated Table of Contents Our primary source of liquidity is our large supply of deposits from consumer and commercial customers. The continued availability of this supply depends on customer willingness to maintain deposit balances with banks in general, and with us in particular. The availability of deposits can also be impacted by regulatory changes (e.g., changes in FDIC insurance, liquidity requirements, etc.), changes in the financial condition of Huntington, other banks, or the banking industry in general, changes in the interest rates our competitors pay on their deposits, and other events which can impact the perceived safety or economic benefits of bank deposits. While we make significant efforts to consider and plan for hypothetical disruptions in our deposit funding, market-related, geopolitical, or other events could impact the liquidity derived from deposits. We are a holding company and depend on dividends from our subsidiaries for liquidity needs. Huntington is an entity separate and distinct from the Bank. The Bank conducts most of our operations, and Huntington depends upon dividends from the Bank to service Huntington's operating costs and to pay dividends to Huntington's shareholders. The availability of dividends from the Bank is limited by various statutes and regulations. It is possible, depending upon the financial condition, including liquidity and capital adequacy of the Bank, and other factors, that the OCC could limit the payment of dividends or other payments to Huntington by the Bank. In addition, the payment of dividends by our other subsidiaries is also subject to the laws of the subsidiary's state of incorporation, and regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to such subsidiaries. In the event that the Bank was unable to pay dividends to us, we in turn would likely have to reduce or stop paying dividends on our Preferred and Common Stock. Our failure to pay dividends on our Preferred and Common Stock could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our Preferred and Common Stock. Additional information regarding dividend restrictions is provided in Item 1: Business - " Regulatory Matters ." If we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities. Wholesale funding sources can include securitization, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, brokered deposits, and long-term debt. The Bank is also a member of the FHLB, which provides members access to funding through advances collateralized with mortgage-related assets. We maintain a portfolio of highly rated, marketable securities that is available as a source of liquidity. Capital markets disruptions can directly impact the liquidity of Huntington and the Bank. Our ability to access the capital markets, if needed, will depend on a number of factors, including the state of the financial markets. Rising interest rates, disruptions in financial markets, negative perceptions of our business or our financial strength, negative perceptions of the overall banking industry or of other regional banks, or other factors may impact our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. For example, in the event of future turmoil in the banking industry or other idiosyncratic events, there is no guarantee that the U.S. government will invoke the systemic risk exception, create additional liquidity programs, or take any other action to stabilize the banking industry or provide liquidity. Any diminished ability to access short-term funding or capital markets to raise additional capital, if needed, could subject us to liability, restrict our ability to grow, require us to take actions that would affect our earnings negatively or otherwise adversely affect our business and our ability to implement our business plan, capital plan, and strategic goals. A reduction in our credit rating could adversely affect our access to capital and could increase our cost of funds. The credit rating agencies regularly evaluate Huntington and the Bank. Credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and ability to generate earnings, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry, the economy, and changes in rating methodologies. There can be no assurance that we will maintain our current credit ratings. A downgrade of the credit ratings of Huntington or the Bank could adversely affect our access to liquidity and capital, and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us or purchase our securities. This could affect our growth, profitability, and financial condition, including liquidity. 2025 Form 10-K 33 Table of Contents Instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The macroeconomic environment in the U.S. is susceptible to global events and volatility in financial markets. For example, global conflicts (including the continuing conflicts involving Ukraine and the Russian Federation and those in the Middle East) or other similar events, as well as government actions or other restrictions in connection with such events, and trade negotiations between the U.S. and other nations could adversely impact economic and market conditions for the Company and its clients and counterparties. In addition, global supply chain disruptions may cause prolonged inflation, adversely impact consumer and business confidence, and adversely affect the economy as well as our financial condition and results. Operational Risks: Our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt our business and adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm. The potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our business and, as a result of our interactions with, and reliance on, third parties, is not limited to our own internal operational functions. Our operational and security systems and infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. We rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance, failure, or breach of our or of third-party systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. For example, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant operational disruptions, compromises or failures of us or of third parties with which we do business or upon which we rely. We face indirect technology, cybersecurity, data privacy and operational risks relating to the contractors, customers, clients, and other third parties with which we do business or upon which we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators, and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence, and complexity of financial entities and technology systems and infrastructure, a disruption, compromise or failure that significantly degrades, damages or destroys the systems or infrastructure, or the confidential, proprietary, personal and other information stored or processed thereon, of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. This consolidation, interconnectivity, and complexity increases the risk of operational disruption, compromise or failure. Any third-party disruption, compromise or failure, including any technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach, termination, or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk, or expand our business. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup, or other operational or security systems and infrastructure may also fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could adversely affect our ability to process transactions, provide services, or otherwise conduct business. Such events may include: sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical, telecommunications, or other major service outages; disruptions in client access to our digital platforms and mobile applications; disease pandemics; cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches; software or hardware failures; and events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including wars and terrorist attacks. Additional events beyond our control that could impact our business directly or indirectly include natural disasters such as wildfires, earthquakes, and weather events, including tornadoes, hurricanes, and floods. Neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of these events can be predicted, and the frequency and severity of weather events may be impacted by climate changes. In addition, we may need to take our systems or infrastructure off-line if they become subject to a cyber-attack or other information or security breach, such as becoming infected with malware or a computer virus. 34 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated Table of Contents We frequently update our systems and infrastructure to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. These updates entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. Implementation and testing of controls related to our computer systems and infrastructure, security monitoring, and retaining and training personnel required to operate our systems and infrastructure also entail significant costs. For more information regarding the Company's process for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats, refer to Item 1C: Cybersecurity . There can be no guarantee that our updates to our systems and infrastructure or any other measures we take in order to prevent, mitigate or remediate any disruption, compromise or failure of our systems or infrastructure will be successful, adequate or otherwise result in our intended outcomes. For example, in the event that backup systems are utilized, they may not process data as quickly as our primary systems, and some data might not have been saved to backup systems, potentially resulting in a temporary or permanent loss of such data. In addition, our ability to implement backup systems and infrastructure and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems or infrastructure is more limited than with respect to our own systems and infrastructure. Even when a disruption, compromise, or failure is prevented, mitigated, or remediated in a timely manner, doing so may require substantial resources and management attention or other actions that could adversely affect customer satisfaction or retention, as well as harm our reputation. We also cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms, or at all, or that our insurers will not deny coverage to any future claim. Operational risk exposures could adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. We face risks from cyber-attacks and other information or security breaches, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues, contractors, and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential, proprietary, personal and other information, any of which could adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure. Our computer and data management systems and network infrastructure, and those of third parties on which we are highly dependent, are subject to cybersecurity risks and could be susceptible to cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches. Our business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, personal, and other information in our computer and data management systems and network infrastructure, and in the computer and data management systems and network infrastructure of third parties. In addition, to access our network, products, and services, our customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks. We, along with our customers, regulators, and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches. These cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches include computer viruses, denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks (including phishing and smishing attacks) targeting our colleagues, contractors, and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, ransomware, improper access by employees or contractors, identity theft, and other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, destruction, or other processing of confidential, proprietary, personal, and other information of ours, our employees, our customers, or of third parties, damage our systems and infrastructure or otherwise materially disrupt our, our customers', or other third parties' network access or business operations. As cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any cybersecurity vulnerabilities or cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches. Despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and implement controls, processes, policies, and other protective measures, we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may we be able to implement sufficient preventive measures against such cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, which may result in material losses or consequences for us. 2025 Form 10-K 35 Table of Contents Cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, including AI, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. For example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. In addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of cyber threat actors, such as organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, state-sponsored actors, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists, and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage, any of whom may enhance their efforts through the use of AI. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. Due to increasing geopolitical tensions, nation state cyber-attacks and ransomware are both increasing in sophistication and prevalence. Targeted social engineering and email attacks (i.e., "spear phishing" attacks) are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. In such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, contractors, customers, clients, or other users of our systems and infrastructure to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our, our customers', or our clients' systems and infrastructure, or the confidential, proprietary, personal, or other information stored or processed thereon. Persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. The techniques used by cyber threat actors change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and may not be recognized until well after a cyber-attack or other information or security breach has occurred. The speed at which new vulnerabilities are discovered and exploited, often before security patches are published, continues to rise. Remote work further increases the risk that we may experience cyber-attack or other information or security breaches as a result of our colleagues, contractors, and other third parties with which we do business or upon which we rely working remotely on less secure systems and environments. The risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack or other information security breach at a third party with which we do business or upon which we rely, or by unauthorized access by such third party, has also increased in recent years. Additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches at such third parties with access to our confidential, proprietary, personal, and other information may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. Further, our ability to monitor such third parties' cybersecurity practices is limited. Although we generally have agreements relating to cybersecurity and data privacy in place with third parties, we cannot guarantee that such agreements will prevent a cyber-attack or other information or security breach impacting our confidential, proprietary, personal, or other information, or enable us to obtain adequate or any reimbursement from such third parties in the event we should suffer any disruption, compromise, failure, liability, reputational harm, or other cost or expense. Due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches attributed to such third parties as they relate to the information we share with them. Cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. Furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack or other information or security breach on our systems or infrastructure has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage