Item 1A. Risk Factors If any of the events discussed in the following risk factors were to occur, our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially, adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect us. Our business is subject to the following material risks and uncertainties. Risks related to our indebtedness: We have significant indebtedness and may incur further indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and prevent us from meeting our obligations. As of December 31, 2025, our total indebtedness was $46.492 billion. As of December 31, 2025, we had availability of $5.779 billion under our senior unsecured credit facility (after giving effect to all issued and outstanding letters of credit and our intention to maintain a minimum available borrowing capacity equal to the aggregate amount outstanding under the commercial paper program ($2.207 billion as of December 31, 2025)). Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including: &#8226; increasing our vulnerability to downturns or adverse changes in general economic, industry or competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulations; &#8226; requiring a portion of cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flows to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities; &#8226; exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates on our existing borrowings that are at variable rates of interest or refinancing our debt in a rising or high rate environment; &#8226; limiting our ability to make strategic acquisitions or causing us to make nonstrategic divestitures; 33 &#8226; limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends, product or service line development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and &#8226; limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who have less debt. We and our subsidiaries have the ability to incur additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our senior unsecured credit facility and the indentures governing our outstanding notes. If new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, interest rates and the related risks that we now face could intensify. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may not be able to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms. If we are unable to do so, we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We cannot guarantee we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. In addition, we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. Accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness is dependent on the generation of cash flows by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. We may find it necessary or prudent to refinance our outstanding indebtedness, the terms of which refinancing may not be favorable to us. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, is directly affected by the then current global economic and financial conditions which affect the availability of debt financing and the rates at which such financing is available. In addition, our ability to incur secured indebtedness depends in part on the value of our assets, which depends, in turn, on the strength of our cash flows and results of operations, and on economic and market conditions and other factors. Downgrades in our credit ratings may also negatively affect availability of debt financing and the rates at which such financing is available. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations or we are unable to refinance our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. If our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions, or the proceeds from the dispositions may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. Our senior unsecured credit facility and the indentures governing our outstanding notes contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our and/or certain of our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things: &#8226; incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; &#8226; create liens; &#8226; engage in certain sale and lease-back transactions; and &#8226; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. Under our senior unsecured credit facility, we are required to satisfy and maintain a specified financial ratio. Our ability to maintain this financial ratio may be affected by global economic and financial conditions or other events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance we will continue to maintain this ratio. A breach of this or any other covenant could result in a default under our senior unsecured credit facility, upon which the lenders thereunder could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit, which would also result in an event of default under a significant portion of our other outstanding 34 indebtedness. In a scenario where the repayment of borrowings is accelerated, there can be no assurance there will be sufficient assets to repay our senior unsecured credit facility and our other indebtedness. Risks related to human capital: Our results of operations may be adversely affected by competition for staffing, the shortage of experienced nurses and other health care professionals and labor union activity. Our operations are dependent on the efforts, abilities and experience of our management and medical personnel, such as physicians, nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians. We compete with other health care providers in recruiting and retaining qualified management and personnel responsible for the daily operations of each of our hospitals and other facilities, including nurses and other nonphysician health care professionals. We depend on the available labor pool of employees in each of the markets in which we operate to fill other necessary positions. In some markets, the availability of nonphysician health care professionals and medical support personnel has been a significant operating issue to health care providers, including at certain of our facilities. The impact of labor shortages across the health care industry may result in other health care facilities, such as nursing homes, limiting admissions, which may constrain our ability to discharge patients to such facilities, increase labor costs and further exacerbate the demand on our resources, supplies and staffing. Economic conditions, including macroeconomic uncertainties and inflationary pressure, workforce burnout, and public health conditions and other factors, have exacerbated workforce competition, personnel shortages and capacity constraints. New limitations on federal loan eligibility, other student loan changes imposed pursuant to the FBA and changes to immigration policies may also impact health care personnel shortages. We may be required to increase wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel and to hire more expensive temporary or contract personnel. If there is additional union organizing activity or a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, it is possible our labor costs could increase. When negotiating collective bargaining agreements with unions, whether such agreements are renewals or first contracts, we have experienced, and could experience in the future, labor strikes. Our continued operation during any strikes could result in an increase to our labor costs. In addition, upon the expiration of existing collective bargaining agreements, we may not reach new agreements without union action, and any such new agreements may not be on terms satisfactory to us. The unavailability of staff, or the inability of the Company to control labor costs, could have a material, adverse effect on our capacity, growth prospects and results of operations. In addition, federal and state laws and regulations may increase our costs of maintaining qualified nurses and other medical support personnel. We operate in states that have adopted mandatory nurse-staffing ratios or mandate staffing committees to develop staffing plans. If these states reduce, or if additional states in which we operate adopt or the federal government adopts, mandatory nurse-staffing ratios or related measures, our compliance with such measures could significantly affect labor costs and have an adverse impact on revenues or our results of operations if we are required to limit admissions, hire additional personnel or otherwise incur additional costs. If our labor costs continue to increase, we may not be able to offset these increased costs, as a significant percentage of our revenues are based on reimbursement rates that are fixed or negotiated no less frequently than annually. Our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians. The success of our hospitals depends in part on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, the admission and utilization practices of those physicians, maintaining good relations with those physicians and controlling costs related to their employment or affiliation with our hospitals. Although we employ some physicians, physicians are often not employees of the hospitals at which they practice and instead affiliate with us and use our facilities as an extension of their practices. In many of the markets we serve, physicians may have admitting privileges at other hospitals in addition to our hospitals. We continue to face increasing competition to recruit and retain quality physicians, as well as increasing costs to contract with hospital-based physicians. Such physicians may terminate their affiliation with our hospitals at any time. Some states have enacted restrictions on the provision of certain procedures or types of care, which may impact providers ' recruitment and retention efforts in those states. We anticipate facing increased challenges with recruitment and retention as a significant portion of the current physician population reaches retirement age, especially if there is a shortage of physicians willing and able to provide comparable services. Moreover, changes in immigration policies could reduce the availability of international physicians. If we are unable to recruit and retain quality physicians to affiliate with our hospitals, enter into contractual arrangements with hospital-based physicians, or provide adequate support personnel or technologically advanced equipment and hospital facilities that meet the needs of those physicians and their patients, our admissions may decrease, our operating performance may decline, and our capacity and growth prospects may be materially adversely affected. 35 We may be unable to attract, hire and retain a highly qualified workforce, including key management. The talents and efforts of our employees, particularly our key management, are vital to our success. The members of our management team have significant industry experience, and if any member of our management team leaves the Company unexpectedly, such member would be difficult to replace. While we have adopted succession plans to prepare for such an event, our succession plans may not result in a successful transition. Further, institutional knowledge may be lost in any potential managerial transition. We may be unable to retain key management or attract other highly qualified employees, particularly if we do not offer employment terms that are competitive with the rest of the labor market. Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified employee talent or failure to develop and implement an adequate succession plan for the management team could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and our future success. Risks related to technology, data privacy and cybersecurity: Cybersecurity incidents or other forms of data breaches could result in the compromise of our facilities, confidential data or critical data systems, causing our operations to be impaired or impacted. A cybersecurity incident or other form of data breach could also give rise to potential harm to patients; remediation and other expenses; and exposure to liability under privacy and security laws, consumer protection laws, common law theories or other laws. Such incidents could subject us to litigation and foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business. We, directly and through our vendors and other third parties, collect and store on networks, devices and technology platforms sensitive information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, protected health information of our patients and personally identifiable information of our employees, patients and consumers. Our facilities use EHR and other information systems and medical devices that store or transmit information that are integral to the provision of patient care, and these systems and devices are increasingly connected to the internet, hospital networks and other medical devices. The secure maintenance of this information and technology is critical to our business operations. We have implemented multiple layers of security measures, including cybersecurity and information security systems, protocols and monitoring procedures, intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our data and the systems and devices that store and transmit such data. In addition, we rely on various third parties to have appropriate controls to protect our information that is on their systems or otherwise in their control, and we seek to obtain assurances that such third parties will protect our information. However, despite our efforts to mitigate our exposure to cyberattack, even an advanced internal control environment is vulnerable to compromise. We have seen, and believe we will continue to see, widespread vulnerabilities that could affect our or other third parties' data or systems. We rely on a substantial number of employees, contractors, personnel, hardware, software, applications, and third-party vendors, platforms and technologies, each of which may represent an attack surface for threat actors. Threats from malicious actors, including nation-state actors and ransomware groups, new vulnerabilities and advanced new attacks against our, or our vendors', information systems and devices create risk of cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware, malware and phishing incidents, in which third parties attempt to fraudulently induce our employees or our vendors' employees into disclosing usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which can in turn be used for unauthorized access to our or our vendors' systems. We, our vendors and other third parties have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and continue to be the target of attempted cybersecurity and other threats that could have a significant impact on our business, including threats by third parties seeking to access, misappropriate, corrupt, or manipulate our information or disrupt our operations. We expect that we, our vendors and other third parties will continue to experience an increase in cybersecurity threats in the future, both directly and indirectly through threats targeting third parties, as the volume and intensity of cyberattacks on hospitals, health systems and other health care entities continue to increase. Furthermore, because the tools and techniques used by attackers change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We, our vendors and other third parties may experience security incidents that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we, our vendors and other third parties may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate incidents or breaches, including due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. State-sponsored threat actors are increasingly targeting critical infrastructure sectors, including health systems and other critical infrastructure on which we rely. Increasing use of AI technologies in our internal systems may create new attack surfaces or methods for threat actors, and threat actors may use AI technologies to make cyberattacks more difficult to detect, contain or mitigate. Internal access management failures could also result in the compromise or unauthorized exposure of confidential data. Moreover, hardware, software or applications we use may have inherent vulnerabilities or defects of design, manufacture, or operations or could be inadvertently or 36 intentionally implemented or used in a manner that could compromise cybersecurity or information security. There can be no assurance that we or our vendors and other third parties will not be subject to additional cybersecurity threats and incidents that bypass our or their security measures, impact the integrity, availability or privacy of personal health information or other data subject to privacy laws or disrupt our or their information systems, devices or business, including our ability to provide various health care services. In such an event, we may incur substantial costs, including but not limited to, costs associated with remediating the effects of the cybersecurity or information security incident, costs for security measures to guard against similar future incidents and costs to recover data. Further, consumer confidence in the integrity and security of personal information and critical operations data in the health care industry generally could be shaken to the extent there are successful cyberattacks at other health care services companies, which could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. Cybersecurity, privacy, physical security, operational resiliency and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our facilities, information systems and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. However, as cyber threats continue to evolve, along with their increased volume and sophistication, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any cybersecurity vulnerabilities or incidents, and such measures may decrease the efficiency of our operations. We may also be required to expend additional resources to comply with evolving federal, state and industry requirements related to cybersecurity and information security, including those focused on health care providers. Although, to date, no cyberattack or other information or security breach has resulted in material losses or other material consequences to us, there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures in place to monitor and mitigate the risks of cyber threats, including the remediation of critical cybersecurity, information security and software vulnerabilities, will be sufficient and/or timely and that we will not suffer material losses or consequences in the future. Additionally, while we have in place insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover our losses in excess of what we self-insure, or all types of claims that may arise. The occurrence of any of these events could result in (i) harm to patients; (ii) business interruptions and delays; (iii) the loss, misappropriation, corruption or unauthorized access of data; (iv) litigation and potential liability under privacy, security, breach notification and consumer protection laws, common law theories or other applicable laws; (v) reputational damage; and (vi) foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation. Our operations could be impaired by a failure in or breach of our information systems or those of third parties on whose systems our business relies. The performance of our information systems is critical to our business operations. In addition to our shared services initiatives, our information systems are essential to a number of critical areas of our operations, including: &#8226; accounting and financial reporting; &#8226; billing and collecting accounts; &#8226; coding and compliance; &#8226; admissions, provision of care and care coordination; &#8226; clinical systems and medical devices; &#8226; medical records and document storage; &#8226; inventory management; &#8226; negotiating, pricing and administering managed care contracts and supply contracts; and &#8226; monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures necessary for full Medicare payment updates. Information systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, human acts such as inadvertent or intentional misuse by employees, natural disasters and cyberattacks, including ransomware and data theft. Moreover, we rely on various third-party technology platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope. Failure to adequately and timely manage implementations of new technology, updates or enhancements of such platforms or interfaces between platforms could place us at a competitive disadvantage, disrupt our operations, and have a material, adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We have taken precautionary measures designed to prevent problems that could affect our information systems. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that our business continuity, technology change and information security response plans will effectively mitigate our operational risks. We or our vendors and other third parties upon whom 37 we rely may experience system failures and disruptions. The occurrence of any system failure could result in business interruptions or delays, the loss or corruption of data and cessations or interruptions in the availability of systems, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation. Health care technology initiatives, particularly those related to sharing patient data and interoperability and AI, involve risks that may adversely affect our operations. The federal government is promoting the adoption of health information technology and the nationwide health information exchange to improve health care. For example, HHS incentivizes the adoption and meaningful use of certified EHR technology through its Medicare Promoting Interoperability Program and Quality Payment Program. Eligible hospitals that fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology and have not applied and qualified for a hardship exception are subject to reduced reimbursement from Medicare. Eligible health care professionals are also subject to positive or negative payment adjustments based, in part, on their use of EHR technology. Therefore, if our hospitals and employed professionals are unable to properly adopt, maintain and utilize certified EHR systems, any resulting payment adjustments may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. As EHR technologies have become widespread, the federal government has increased its focus on promoting patient access to health care data and interoperability. The 21st Century Cures Act and its implementing regulations prohibit information blocking by health care providers and certain other entities. Information blocking is defined as engaging in activities likely to interfere with the access, exchange or use of electronic health information, except as required by law or specified by HHS as a reasonable and necessary activity. Under a rule finalized by HHS in July 2024, a hospital found to have engaged in information blocking will not qualify as a "meaningful electronic health record user" under the Medicare Promoting Interoperability Program and as a result will lose 75% of the annual market basket increase it would otherwise receive, and MIPS-eligible clinicians, ACOs and ACO participants face similar disincentives. Current and future initiatives related to health care technology, data sharing and interoperability may require changes to our operations, impose new and complex compliance obligations and require investments in infrastructure. In particular, AI is driving innovation and, in some cases, augmenting risks related to health care technology. For example, our physicians are adopting the use of generative AI to assist with the taking of patient medical notes, among other tasks. We may also use AI in health care-related administrative tasks, including in the collection of patient accounts receivable. Rapid changes in technology driven by AI may require us to expend significant resources to acquire, develop, implement and maintain that technology. Failure to integrate these technologies in a timely, cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner may impede our ability to deliver health care services in a competitive manner. There is also a risk that our confidential information becomes part of a model that is accessible by other third-party AI applications or users as a result of a cybersecurity incident or a third-party AI developer's violation of our vendor engagement terms. The development of AI technologies is complex, and there are technical challenges associated with achieving the desired level of accuracy, efficiency and reliability. For instance, AI models used by us or third-party vendors may be based on biased, inaccurate or deficient datasets, which could result in inaccurate or misleading outputs. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us or third-party developers or vendors, including any disruptions, errors or failures of AI systems once implemented, could result in unintended consequences. Should the use of AI technologies fail to operate as anticipated or not perform as specified, including any biases or errors in the outputs of AI, patient care may be affected, legal claims may be asserted against us and our reputation may be harmed. Further, federal and state requirements regarding the use of AI by health care providers continue to evolve and could conflict as administrations take differing approaches to evolving AI. For example, HHS imposes transparency requirements for AI and other predictive algorithms that are part of certified health information technology. Some states have adopted or are considering additional measures regarding the use of AI within the health care industry. For example, California's AB 3030 requires that certain disclaimers and instructions be provided to patients if generative AI is used to create patient communications pertaining to patient clinical information. In addition, Utah's AIPA requires that physicians, nurses and other regulated health care providers disclose when an individual is interacting with generative AI in a "high-risk" manner, including the collection of health data or the provision of medical advice or services. Further, in Colorado, the CAIA will impose significant requirements on companies that use AI systems to recommend certain health decisions. If we or our third-party providers are restricted from using AI as a result of any laws or regulations, it could impact our operations and cause us to incur costs to replace or modify our use of AI. We may be subject to financial penalties or other disincentives or experience reputational damage for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, any failure or perceived failure by us or our third-party providers to 38 comply with applicable AI laws and regulations could result in investigations or legal proceedings, which could result in significant legal costs and potential liability. Failure to effectively manage change associated with our technology, resiliency and other initiatives, including with respect to the implementation of a new EHR platform, may adversely affect our business, services and results of operations. We utilize multiple integrated software and hardware operating systems across our operations, including in our hospitals. Although we continually monitor these systems and strive to design our policies, programs and processes to preserve or manage these systems, such processes may not be effective and are subject to weaknesses and failures, including human error, data limitations, process delays, system outages, cybersecurity incidents or failed controls. Failure to effectively preserve or manage data accurately, timely and completely may adversely affect its quality and reliability and impair our ability to manage business needs, the provision of care, strategic decision-making and operations. We employ change management methodologies to plan, test and execute system upgrades and improvements. However, we cannot guarantee that our systems will operate as designed or that the implementation of new systems or upgrades will not be subject to excessive costs or disruptions to our operations or business. We are implementing a new EHR platform across our facilities, which is complex and time-intensive. Significant internal and external resources have been, and will continue to be, required for successful implementation, including resources to train colleagues. Complexity or delay in implementation may require substantial additional time and expense and divert management's attention from other strategic priorities, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. While we have taken steps intended to mitigate implementation risks, including staged deployments in certain facilities, there is no guarantee these mitigation efforts will be effective. Further, we are executing financial resiliency initiatives designed to generate efficiencies and cost reductions that we expect will offset in part the adverse effects on our business from recent health care policy reforms, including the expiration of the enhanced premium tax credits and changes resulting from the FBA. Our ability to realize the benefits from these financial resiliency initiatives is subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and failure to realize the expected benefits may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Risks related to public health crises: The emergence and effects related to a potential future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease could adversely affect our business and operations. As a front-line provider of health care services, we are subject to the health and economic effects of public health conditions. If a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease or other public health crisis were to occur in an area in which we operate, our operations could be adversely affected. Such a crisis could diminish the public trust in health care facilities, especially hospitals that fail to accurately or timely diagnose, or are treating (or have treated) patients affected by infectious diseases. If any of our facilities are involved, or perceived as being involved, in treating patients from such an infectious disease, other patients might cancel elective procedures or fail to seek needed care at our facilities, and our reputation may be negatively affected. Patient volumes may decline or volumes of uninsured and underinsured patients may increase, depending on the economic circumstances surrounding the pandemic, epidemic or outbreak. Further, a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak might adversely affect our operations by causing a temporary shutdown or diversion of patients, causing disruption or delays in supply chains for materials and products or causing staffing shortages in our facilities. Although we have contingency plans in place, including infection control and disaster plans, the potential impact of, as well as the public's and the government's response to, a future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak is difficult to predict and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Risks related to governmental regulation and other legal matters: Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes and uncertainty in the health care industry, including health care public policy developments and other changes to laws and regulations. We are unable to predict whether, what, and when changes in the health care industry may occur, and the effects and ultimate impact of any changes are uncertain and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. The health care industry is heavily regulated. Federal agencies oversee, regulate and otherwise affect many aspects of our business, including through Medicare and Medicaid policies, policies affecting the size of the uninsured population, and enforcement and interpretation of fraud and abuse laws. Several executive orders have been issued 39 that impact or may impact the health care industry, including measures aimed at restructuring government agencies and eliminating government expenditures and resulting in holds on or cancellations of congressionally authorized spending. In March 2025, HHS announced a significant agency restructuring intended to reduce the HHS workforce and consolidate divisions of the agency. Changes in agency structures and staffing, such as reduction or elimination of personnel and agencies, may result in changes to established rulemaking conventions and timelines, including for regularly issued reimbursement rules, among other effects. HHS also announced a change in its policy on public participation in rulemaking that may negatively affect the ability of industry participants to receive advance notice of and offer feedback on some policy changes. Regulatory uncertainty has also increased as a result of recent decisions issued by the U.S. Supreme Court that affect review of federal agency actions, including Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo . These Supreme Court decisions increase judicial scrutiny of agency authority, shift greater responsibility for statutory interpretation to courts, expand the time period during which a plaintiff can sue regulators, and may result in inconsistent judicial interpretations and delays in agency rulemaking processes. These decisions may also increase legal challenges to health care regulations and agency guidance and decisions, including, but not limited to, those issued by HHS and its agencies, including CMS, the FDA and the OIG. Impacts of the recent Supreme Court decisions could require us to make changes to our operations and have a material negative impact on our business. The health care industry has been and continues to be impacted by health care reform efforts and is subject to changing political, regulatory and other influences. For example, the Affordable Care Act expanded health insurance coverage through a combination of public program expansion and private sector health insurance reforms. Changes in the law's implementation, subsequent legislation and regulations, state initiatives and other factors have affected and may continue to affect the number of individuals that elect to obtain public or private health insurance or the scope of such coverage, if obtained, and may impact our payer mix. For example, COVID-19 relief legislation temporarily enhanced the premium tax credits available for purchasing coverage through the Exchanges by lowering premiums and raising income eligibility thresholds, but these enhanced premium tax credits expired at the end of 2025. We believe the expiration of the enhanced premium tax credits will adversely impact Exchange enrollment and significantly increase the uninsured rate. In addition, the FBA includes several health care policy changes that are expected to impact insurance coverage obtained through the Exchanges, and a final rule issued by CMS in June 2025 makes other changes intended to address affordability, consumer protections and integrity of the Exchanges. The June 2025 rule is the subject of legal challenges and, in August 2025, a federal district court issued a nationwide stay of several provisions. Other legislative and executive branch initiatives related to health insurance, such as permitting the sale of insurance plans that lack currently required consumer protections, could increase rates of uninsured and underinsured individuals and destabilize insurance markets. Reductions in the number of insured individuals or the scope of insurance coverage, a decline in patients with private insurance coverage, or an increase in patients covered under governmental health programs or other health plans with lower reimbursement levels may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, the Medicare and Medicaid programs are subject to change as a result of legislation and administrative actions. For example, some members of Congress have proposed changes intended to accelerate the shift from traditional Medicare to Medicare Advantage. Legislation and administrative actions at the federal level may also impact funding for, or the structure of, the Medicaid program and may shape administration of the Medicaid program at the state level. For example, the FBA includes significant health care policy reforms that are expected to result in