Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. These disclosures reflect the Company's beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect the Company and its securities in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past or their likelihood of occurring in the future. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impact our business operations. Should any of these risks materialize, our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects could be negatively impacted, which in turn could affect the trading value of our securities. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8. STRATEGIC RISKS A positive brand and reputation are critical to our business success, and, if our brand and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, associates and jobseekers, suppliers, service providers, vendors, shareholders, regulators, and the communities we serve, and, consequently, our business, results of operations and the price of our stock. Our brand and reputation are critical to attracting customers, associates and jobseekers, suppliers, service providers, and vendors to do business with us. We must continue to manage and protect our brand and reputation. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 9 Table of Contents Negative incidents can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us, regardless of its accuracy, the reputability of its source and whether we are involved in the incident, could damage our brand and reputation; undermine our customers' confidence in us; reduce demand for our products and services, including as a result of boycotts; affect our ability to recruit, engage, motivate and retain associates; attract regulatory scrutiny or investigations; lead to litigation; and impact our relationships with current and potential suppliers and vendors. Third party actions, including our suppliers', service providers', and vendors' business practices and positions, may also be attributed to us, regardless of the Company's actions, meaning the actions of third parties pose similar risks to our brand and reputation. Partnerships with celebrities and social media content creators may also expose us to brand and reputational risks. Further, our actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, governance, political, public policy, regulatory, economic, geopolitical, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation with certain groups and attract regulatory scrutiny, investigations, litigation, or boycotts. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of initiatives or goals related to these matters, or for any revisions to or failure to achieve these goals on a timely basis or at all. If data, processes, and reporting related to these matters are incomplete or inaccurate, we could face regulatory scrutiny or investigations, litigation and/or adverse reputational impacts. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback and information about the Company, including our products and services, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. Negative sentiment about the Company shared over social media, or misinformation from fraudulent accounts impersonating the Company, could impact our brand and reputation, whether or not it is based in fact. Strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share. Our industry is highly competitive, highly fragmented, and evolving. As a result, we face competition for customers for our products and services from a variety of retailers (including those operating reseller marketplaces), suppliers, service providers, distributors and manufacturers that sell products directly to their respective customer bases. These competitors range from traditional brick-and-mortar, to multichannel, to exclusively online, and they include a number of other home improvement retailers; local, regional and national hardware stores; electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. With respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, paint stores, specialty and mass digital retailers, warehouse clubs, MRO distributors, national and local wholesale supply distributors, home d&#233;cor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of home improvement services and tool and equipment rental. Online and other digital capabilities, as well as AI tools, facilitate competitive entry, price transparency, and comparison shopping, increasing the level of competition we face. We compete primarily based on customer experience; price; quality; product availability, assortment, and innovation; and delivery options and capabilities, both in-store and online. We also compete based on store and branch location and appearance, presentation of merchandise, and ease of shopping experience throughout every step of the customer's project, from inspiration and research to any post-purchase support. Our Pros also look for dedicated sales support, competitive credit and pricing options, project planning tools, professional and reliable deliveries, and product depth and job lot quantities, particularly for their complex project needs. Furthermore, with respect to delivery options, customers are seeking faster and/or guaranteed delivery times, real-time updates on delivery status, low-price or free shipping, and/or convenient pickup options. Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options and costs depends on many factors, including leveraging the momentum of our investments in our supply chain and our interconnected capabilities to further enhance the customer shopping experience. Failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery and pickup options could negatively impact the demand for our products and services and our profit margins. We use our marketing, advertising and promotional programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive landscape. Intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors, such as through aggressive promotional pricing or liquidation events, or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, could adversely affect our prices, our margins, or demand for our products and services. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through the delivery of a superior interconnected experience leveraging both our digital and physical platforms, our market share and our financial performance could be adversely affected. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 10 Table of Contents We may not timely identify or effectively respond to customer needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The success of our business depends on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and shifts in customer preferences, expectations and needs, while also managing appropriate inventory levels in our stores, branches and distribution or fulfillment centers and maintaining an excellent customer experience. These trends include those driven by changes in the macroeconomic or political environment, geopolitical tensions or conflicts, military conflicts, or civil unrest, as well as unexpected weather conditions, natural disasters, or public health issues (including pandemics or quarantines and related impacts) that impact our customers. It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use, retain, and protect relevant customer data is important for effectively meeting their expectations. Our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy, data-driven technologies such as AI, and data security, as well as customer expectations around data collection, retention, and use. In addition, each of our primary customer groups has different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. Customer preferences and expectations related to sustainability of products and operations are also changing. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to attract our customers and meet their individual needs and expectations, it may adversely impact our sales or our market share. Customer expectations about the methods by which they find, evaluate, purchase and receive products or services are also evolving. Customers routinely and increasingly use technology and a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms to rapidly gather inspiration, compare products and prices, read product reviews, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products. New channels and tools to enhance the customer experience appear and change rapidly, and some of those technologies, such as generative and agentic AI tools, may dramatically change customer shopping and buying habits. Our Pros also look for additional capabilities, including dedicated sales support, competitive credit and pricing options, project planning tools, professional and reliable deliveries, and product depth and job lot quantities, particularly for their complex project needs. Once products are purchased, customers seek alternate options for delivery of those products, including advance ordering through digital platforms for Pros, and they often expect quick, timely, and low-price or free delivery, real-time updates on delivery status, and/or convenient pickup or delivery options. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the planning, shopping and purchasing process by continuing to adjust and enhance the online and in-store customer experience as well as our delivery options. The coordinated operation of our network of physical stores, branches, distribution facilities, and online platforms is fundamental to the success of our interconnected strategy. We cannot guarantee that our current or future fulfillment options will be maintained and implemented successfully or that we will be able to meet customer expectations on delivery or pickup times, options and costs. In addition, as our customers continue to leverage our enhanced interconnected and fulfillment options, a greater concentration of online sales with direct fulfillment could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our stores, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-selling of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our overall sales and adversely affect our financial performance. A greater concentration of online sales with direct fulfillment could also impact our profit margins. Failure to provide a relevant and effective customer experience in a timely manner that keeps pace with technological developments and dynamic customer expectations; to maintain appropriate inventory; to provide quick and cost-effective or free delivery alternatives, real-time updates on delivery status, and convenient pickup options; to differentiate the customer experience for our primary customer groups; to effectively implement an appropriately localized merchandising assortment; or to otherwise timely identify or respond to changing customer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The execution of initiatives to deliver our interconnected experience could adversely impact our business operations or financial results, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits. Over the past several years, we have made significant investments to deliver a frictionless interconnected experience, including enhancing and expanding our supply chain, developing differentiated capabilities for our customers, including enhancements and improvements to our digital capabilities, expanding our store base, and making strategic acquisitions. These investments are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected experience; expand our sales to Pros and better address their needs for complex projects; and create the fastest, most efficient, and most reliable delivery network for home improvement products. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 11 Table of Contents Executing our interconnected experience requires continual investment in our operations and information technology systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems and support. In addition, our stores are a critical component of our interconnected experience, serving as the hub of our customers' interconnected shopping journey. We have an aging store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. We also need to identify and secure available locations with appropriate characteristics for new stores, branches, and supply chain facilities to ensure we can continue to serve our customers effectively. We must effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of our investments, projects and changes. Failure to continue to make investments to effectively support our strategy and to implement or integrate those investments in the right manner and at the right pace could adversely impact our business operations or financial results. The cost and potential problems, defects of design, and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers, employing new online tools and services, implementing new technologies using AI, implementing and restructuring support systems and processes, securing appropriate store and other facility locations, and addressing impacts on inventory levels, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term, lead to product availability issues, create complexity in our systems and operations and impact our profitability. Our investments to enhance our interconnected experience, including investments in our store base, supply chain, and differentiated capabilities, including our digital assets, might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete, integrate or realize anticipated benefits, any of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. If we are unable to effectively manage and expand our strategic alliances and relationships with certain suppliers of both brand name and proprietary products, we may be unable to effectively execute our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. As part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with certain suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. We have also developed relationships with certain suppliers to allow us to offer proprietary products that are comparable to national brands. These proprietary products help differentiate us from other retailers and generally carry higher margins than national brand products. If we are unable to effectively manage and expand these strategic alliances and relationships, maintain favorable terms with current suppliers, or identify alternative sources for comparable brand name and proprietary products, we may not be able to effectively execute product differentiation, which may impact our sales and gross margin. Additionally, our suppliers' business practices and positions may also be attributed to us, regardless of the Company's actions, meaning that controversies regarding our suppliers of brand name or proprietary products could pose risks to our reputation and brand, and may require us to quickly identify alternative sources for comparable products. Our strategic transactions involve risks, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions. We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, investments, alliances, and other growth and market expansion strategies. We generally expect that these transactions will result in sales increases, cost savings, synergies, enhanced capabilities, and/or various other benefits. Assessing the viability and realizing the benefits of these transactions is subject to significant uncertainty. For each of our acquisitions, we need to determine the appropriate level of integration of the target company's products, services, associates, and information technology, financial, human resources, compliance, and other systems and processes, and then successfully manage that integration into our corporate structure. Integration is a complex and time-consuming process, and if the integration is not fully successful or is delayed for a material period of time, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies, cost savings, enhanced capabilities, or other benefits of the acquisition. In addition, the integration of businesses may create increased complexity in our financial systems, internal controls, technology and cybersecurity systems, and operations and may make them more difficult to manage. Even if the target companies are successfully integrated, the acquisitions may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products or services, and expose us to additional or unanticipated risks and liabilities. Strategic transactions may also be subject to significant regulatory uncertainty, and changes in the regulatory landscape may result in additional costs or delays that affect the anticipated outcome of a transaction. Any failure in the execution of a strategic transaction or investment, our approach to the integration of an acquired asset or business, our ability to integrate new associates, or achievement of anticipated synergies or other benefits could result in slower growth, higher than expected costs, the recording of an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets or restructuring costs, and other actions which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 12 Table of Contents OPERATIONAL RISKS A failure of one or more key elements of our technology infrastructure, including associated systems or processes, could adversely affect our business, financial results, and reputation. We rely extensively on our technology infrastructure, including associated information technology systems, applications, processes, and related personnel to operate our day-to-day business and to collect, use, retain, manage, transmit, and protect transactions and data. Some of these systems are managed or provided by third-party service providers, including certain cloud platform providers. In managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of, and consistent access to, systems that provide operational and financial data and capabilities related to sales (both in store and online), customer data, supplier data, associate data, jobseeker data, partner data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service, and post-purchase support. For these information technology systems, applications, and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems, applications or processes, as well as the actions taken to maintain, update, upgrade and patch, could, and on occasion have, impaired their operation and effectiveness or exposed us to security risks. Our technology infrastructure and the third-party systems with which we interact, as well as any systems those third parties utilize, are subject to, and on occasion have experienced, damage, interruption, or malicious activity from a number of causes, including power and other critical infrastructure outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; data or security breaches; internal or external data theft or misuse; cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, smishing, vishing, spyware, denial of service attacks, and ransomware; responsive containment measures by us that may involve voluntarily taking systems offline; natural disasters and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, or other extreme weather events; public health concerns, such as pandemics and quarantines; geopolitical tensions or conflicts, military conflicts, acts of war, terrorism or civil unrest; other systems outages; inadequate or ineffective redundancy; and design or usage errors or malfeasance by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. In addition, as more business activities have shifted online, and as certain of our support center associates work in a remote or hybrid environment, we continue to face an increased risk due to the potential failure of internal or external technology infrastructure as well as increased cybersecurity threats and attempts to breach our security networks. Although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective technology infrastructure and related systems and processes effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of their integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, such efforts are not always successful. As a result, we or our service providers could experience, and on occasion have experienced, errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations or impair data security; prevent us from efficiently accepting or fulfilling orders or providing services to customers; impact our ability to operate or access communications, financial or banking systems; be costly, time-consuming and resource-intensive to remedy; and adversely impact our reputation and relationship with our customers, associates, suppliers, shareholders or regulators. We may have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of any errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service and may have insufficient recourse against service providers who experience such events. In addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our technology infrastructure, systems, processes, and personnel, in certain cases with the assistance of strategic partners and other third-party service providers. These investments involve replacing existing systems, some of which are older, legacy systems that are less flexible and efficient, with successor systems, and updating applications and websites; outsourcing certain technology and business processes to third-party service providers; making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud; maintaining or enhancing legacy systems that are not currently being replaced; designing or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality; or testing, developing and deploying AI tools, including generative AI. These efforts could result, and on occasion have resulted, in significant potential risks, including failure of the technology infrastructure to operate as designed, unexpected impacts on related systems or processes, potential loss or corruption of data, failures in security processes and internal controls, cost overruns, implementation delays or errors, disruption of operations, and the potential inability to meet business and reporting requirements. Any technology infrastructure implementation and transition difficulty may result in operational challenges, security or internal control failures, reputational harm, lost sales, increased costs, or other financial losses that could adversely affect our business, our relationships with our customers, and results of operations. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 13 Table of Contents Disruptions in our customer-facing technology infrastructure could impair our interconnected experience strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences, damage our brand and reputation and adversely impact our sales. Through our technology infrastructure, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and interconnected experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms at each stage of their shopping journey. We use our digital platforms as sales channels for our products and services, as methods of providing inspiration, and as sources of product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to help drive sales. In addition to supporting our DIY and DIFM customers, we make other resources available that are designed to serve the needs of Pros, including those working on complex projects. We also have multiple online communities, digital platforms, and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. The retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, with a significant increase in sales initiated online and via mobile applications in recent years. We may not be successful at managing this increased volume and related delivery options without interruption in the future. Additionally, we must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to a complex, evolving digital and interconnected experience, including adopting AI tools and other technology innovations to better serve our customers. We continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital platforms to provide a personalized, user-friendly interface for our customers. Disruptions, delays, failures, inaccuracies, or other performance issues in or with our customer-facing technology systems, either due to increased volumes, system or other technology modifications, cybersecurity incidents or attacks, information technology outages or other interruptions, launches of new or emerging technologies; or other factors, or a failure of these systems to meet our or our customers' expectations, could impair the value they provide, damage our brand and reputation, and adversely impact our sales. Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the availability and distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business, financial results, and reputation. Disruptions within our logistics or supply chain network, such as the industry-wide supply chain challenges that resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect, our ability to receive and deliver inventory in a timely manner, impair our ability to meet customer demand for products, and result in lost sales, increased costs, and/or damage to our reputation. Such disruptions may result, and on occasion have resulted, from damage or destruction to our distribution or fulfillment centers or those of our supply chain service providers; weather-related events; cybersecurity incidents or attacks; information technology outages or other interruptions; natural disasters; international trade disputes, trade policy changes or restrictions, or import- or export-related governmental sanctions or restrictions; customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions; quotas, tariffs or other import-related taxes; strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns; shortages of supply chain labor, including truck drivers; shipping capacity constraints, including shortages of related equipment; raw material or other shortages; third-party contract disputes or inability to maintain favorable contract terms; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; increased costs or unavailability of fuel; political instability; geopolitical tensions or conflicts, or military conflicts or acts of war, as well as any related sanctions or other government or private responses; acts of terrorism; civil unrest; public health issues, including pandemics or quarantines and other related impacts; or other factors beyond our control. In recent years, ports in the U.S. and elsewhere have been impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, strikes, security issues, weather-related events, and natural or man-made disasters. These types of disruptions place strain on the domestic and international supply chain, which has affected in some circumstances, and may in the future negatively affect, the flow or availability of certain products. Even when we are able to find alternate sources for certain products, they may cost more or require us to incur higher transportation costs, which could adversely impact our profitability and financial condition. Increased demand for online purchases of products can impact, and in the past has impacted, our fulfillment operations, as well as those of our third-party carriers, resulting in delays in delivering products to customers and increases in our out-of-stock levels. We and our suppliers have experienced, and may experience in the future, labor shortages at some of our distribution and fulfillment centers both due to the competitive labor market and unexpected events such as pandemics and quarantines. Such labor shortages, whether temporary or sustained, may adversely impact the flow or availability of products to our stores and customers. Any of these circumstances could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased costs, or damage to our reputation, any of which could negatively impact our business performance or financial condition. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 14 Table of Contents Failure to maintain a safe and secure shopping and working environment may adversely impact sales, costs, the customer and associate experience, and our brand and reputation. Our customers and associates expect a safe and secure environment in which to shop and work, and maintaining that environment helps protect against inventory losses (also called "shrink"), including due to theft. Like other retailers, we saw heightened shrink in recent years, particularly as a result of organized retail crime. While we have a number of initiatives in place to address shrink, minimize theft, and maintain safety in and around our stores and other facilities, these efforts require operational changes that may increase costs and reduce margins, and they can negatively impact the customer or associate experience. Furthermore, an unsafe environment or negative publicity regarding the Company or regarding incidents in or around our stores and/or other facilities, such as civil unrest, raids, protests, or similar activities, may diminish trust and confidence with customers, associates, and jobseekers, which can adversely impact traffic in our stores, sales, associate recruiting, morale, and retention, and our brand and reputation. If our efforts to maintain the privacy and security of customer, associate, jobseeker, business partner, and Company information are not successful, we could incur substantial costs and reputational damage and could become subject to litigation and enforcement actions. Our business, like that of most retailers, involves the collection, use, retention, management, transmission, and deletion of personal information (including identifiers, localization, internet activity, preferences, and payment information) from our customers, associates, jobseekers, and business partners, as well as confidential Company information. We also work with third-party service providers that provide technology, systems and services that we use in connection with the handling of information. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are vulnerable to continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. Despite our efforts, our cybersecurity risk management processes may not be fully implemented, complied with or effective in preventing or mitigating future cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties, including criminal threat actors, nation-states, or insiders (including associates or contractors engaged in fraudulent or malicious activities), have in the past gained access, and will continue to attempt to gain access, to these systems and data through technical vulnerabilities, breach of security policies, fraud or other means of deceiving or coercing our associates, contractors or third-party service providers, which could jeopardize the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of such information systems or data that we may handle. Hardware, software or applications we develop or obtain from third parties may contain, and on occasion have contained, exploitable vulnerabilities, bugs, or defects in design, maintenance or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. We have experienced and continue to face the ongoing risk of exploitation of our software providers and our software development and implementation process, including from coding and process vulnerabilities and the installation of so-called back doors that provide unauthorized access to systems and data, and through unauthorized access to or theft of our intellectual property. The continued availability of remote or hybrid working arrangements has also expanded the possible attack surface areas and increased risks posed by insider threats, as our interactions with associates, contractors and third-party service providers increasingly occur on information systems, networks and environments over which we have less control and which may be more difficult to monitor. In addition, the risk of cyber-attacks has increased in connection with geopolitical tensions or conflicts and ongoing trade and diplomatic tensions. In light of the conflicts in Europe, the Middle East and South America and other geopolitical events, nation-state actors or their supporters and other politically-motivated actors may launch retaliatory cyber-attacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain and other third-party service provider disruptions, or take other geopolitically-motivated retaliatory actions that may disrupt our business operations, result in data compromise, or both. Nation-state actors have in the past carried out, and may in the future carry out, cyber-attacks to achieve their aims and goals, which may include espionage, monetary gain, disruption, and destruction. Similarly, there may be increased activities by organized or coordinating groups of cyber criminals who seek to attack larger organizations' data or systems for their own aims and goals, which can include financial gain. The availability of AI may enable new types of threat actors who may not otherwise have had the capabilities to engage in malicious activity to do so, or may enhance the capabilities of nation-state actors or organizing or coordinating groups to carry out attacks, or may generally enable novel types of attacks to be developed and deployed. Because the techniques that threat actors use to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, including use of stolen passwords, social engineering, phishing, smishing, vishing, identity spoofing (including through the use of emerging technologies such as deep fakes), ransomware or other disruptive and destructive malware, supply chain compromises, insider threats, and man-in-the-middle and denial of service attacks, change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of anomalous activity or compromise, we may be unable to anticipate or detect these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 15 Table of Contents The ever-evolving cybersecurity threat landscape means that we and our third-party service providers and business partners must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of companies we or they acquire. There is no guarantee that the measures we take will be adequate to safeguard against all threats, including vulnerabilities, data security breaches, system compromises or misuses or loss of data. As we have experienced in the past, any significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, jobseeker, business partner, or Company data, could result in significant costs, including costs to investigate, mitigate, and remediate, as well as lost sales, fines, lawsuits, regulatory investigations, and damage to our reputation. Additionally, as we have experienced in the past, we or our third-party service providers may not discover any vulnerability, data security breach, system compromise, or data misuse or loss for a significant period of time after the occurrence of a security incident. When our systems or those of our third-party service providers on which we rely are breached or attacked, we may also suffer, and on some occasions have suffered, an outage, failure, or unavailability of data or information technology systems, cessations of service, and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or attack is being remedied; this may impact data or systems operated by us or by third-party service providers. Furthermore, our cyber insurance coverage may not be adequate for liabilities or costs actually incurred, and we cannot be certain that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage of a future claim. Data governance failures can also adversely affect our reputation and business. Our business depends on our customers', associates', jobseekers', contractors', and business partners' willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our customers, associates, jobseekers, contractors, or business partners of our uses of their information or failing to keep our information technology systems and our customers', associates', jobseekers', contractors', and business partners' personal information secure from significant attack, theft, damage, loss or unauthorized or unintended disclosure or access, whether as a result of our action or ina