Item 1A. Risk Factors Our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. We encourage you to consider carefully the risk factors described below when evaluating the information contained in this report as the outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Industry and Economic Risk Factors We depend on the U.S. Government for substantially all of our business. Changes in the U.S. Government's priorities, strategies, spending, or other risks associated with conducting business with the U.S. Government could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We conduct most of our business with the U.S. Government, primarily the Department. Substantially all of our revenues in 2025 was derived from products and services sold to the U.S. Government. We expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. Our U.S. Government contracts are subject to various risks. We cannot predict the impact on our existing or future contracts due to changes in the global geopolitical and economic environment, including inflationary pressures, defense spending levels and priorities, government efficiency and other budgetary priorities, customer procurement practices and processes, and other factors that may impact our customer's short- and long-term plans and priorities or our ability to compete, capture, and perform successfully on such contracts. Any of these factors could materially adversely affect our business with the U.S. Government and our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The U.S. Government generally has the ability to terminate contracts, in whole or in part, with little or no prior notice, for convenience or for default based upon performance. In the event of termination for convenience, a contractor generally is able to recover costs incurred and profit on costs up to the amount authorized under the contract, but not the profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. However, the U.S. Government may assert that it is not required to provide additional funding for such costs if sufficient funding has not been appropriated to cover them. Any termination also could result in the cancellation of future work on the related program. A termination resulting from our default can expose us to various liabilities, including excess re-procurement costs, and could negatively affect our ability to compete for future contracts. Any contract termination (including a termination of a prime contract for which we are a subcontractor) could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The U.S. Government also can stop work under a contract for a limited period of time for its convenience. In the event of a stop work order, contracts typically are protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred to date and for costs associated with the temporary stoppage of work plus a reasonable fee. However, such temporary stoppages may result in financial or other damages for which contractors may not be able to recover fully. In some cases, they could result in termination of a contract for convenience or reduced future orders. Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and/or changes in customer priorities could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. As a U.S. Government contractor, we depend on Congressional funding for our programs. U.S. Government programs are subject to annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes even though program performance may extend over several years. These programs may be funded initially on a partial basis with additional funds committed only as Congress makes further appropriations. If we or our subcontractors incur costs in excess of existing funding on a contract, we are generally at risk for reimbursement and may not recover those costs unless and until additional funds are appropriated. We cannot predict the extent to which total funding or funding for individual programs will be included, increased, or reduced as part of the annual budget process or through continuing resolutions or individual supplemental appropriations. If Congress is unable to pass appropriations bills before the beginning of a fiscal year, a continuing resolution can be enacted to provide stopgap funding for a specified period of time at a specified rate, often the prior year's appropriations level. When the U.S. Government operates under a continuing resolution, limitations can be placed on production increases, multi-year procurements, and new program starts, which may result in delays or cancellation of new contract awards. When the U.S. Government fails to enact annual appropriations or a continuing 11 Table of Contents resolution, a full or partial federal government shutdown may occur, as occurred in October 2025. A federal government shutdown could, in turn, result in the delay or cancellation of government programs, or the delay of payments by our customer, which could have a negative effect on our cash flows and adversely affect our future results of operations. In addition, pressures on, as well as laws and plans relating to, the federal budget, potential changes in the threat environment, priorities and defense spending, government efficiency efforts, the timing and substance of the annual budget process, use of continuing resolutions, and the federal debt limit, have impacted and could continue to impact the amount and timing of funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payments by our customers. Current U.S. Government spending levels for defense-related or other programs may not be sustained, and future spending and program authorizations may not increase or may decrease or shift to programs in areas in which we do not provide products or services or are less likely to be awarded contracts. Such changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities may occur as a result of uncertainty surrounding the federal budget, increasing political pressure and legislation, shifts in spending priorities from defense, federal civilian, or other programs as a result of competing demands for federal funds and government efficiency efforts, changes in the threat environment, including the number and intensity of military conflicts, or other factors. Certain of our programs providing products and services to federal civilian customers have been impacted, and we expect may continue to be impacted by government efficiency efforts. We have experienced price adjustments and renegotiations of certain of these contracts and may in the future continue to experience such impacts which could have an adverse impact on the programs in which we participate and, ultimately, our results. Demand for our products and services also can be affected by shifts in customer priorities resulting from changes in military strategy and planning. In response to the need for less expensive alternatives and the increasing proliferation of advanced weapons, future strategy reassessments by the Department may result in decreased demand for our shipbuilding programs, including our aircraft carrier programs. We cannot predict the impact of changes to customer priorities on existing, follow-on, replacement, or future programs. A shift of priorities to programs in which we do not participate and related reductions in funding for, or the termination of programs in which we do participate could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Changes in estimates used in contract accounting and contract cost growth have affected and could continue to affect our profitability and our financial position. Contract accounting requires risk-based judgments regarding estimated contract revenues and costs, and assumptions regarding schedule, technical matters, and performance. Our ability to estimate total revenues and costs at completion depends on many factors, including the size and nature of our contracts. For new shipbuilding programs, our estimates are based on contracts for the construction of ships that are not completely designed, which subjects our risk assessments, revenue and cost estimates, and related assumptions to the variability of the final ship design and an evolving scope of work. Our assessment , estimation , and assumption processes significantly impact our contract accounting, and materially different amounts can result if different assumptions are used or if actual events differ from our assumptions. If estimated costs increase, particularly without comparable increases in revenue, our operating income can be adversely affected. We aim to mitigate this risk through contractual terms, and have submitted, and may submit, requests for equitable adjustment, engineering change proposals, or other claims to seek recovery, in whole or in part, of our increased costs. We have also sought, and will seek, other means or contract vehicles, as appropriate, to compensate the Company for certain unexpected cost increases. However, our contracts may not enable full recovery or the government may disagree with our requests or may not have funding to cover them. Changes in our assumptions, circumstances, or estimates, and the inability to recover increased cost growth have in the past had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. See the Contracts section under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7. 12 Table of Contents Changes to the U.S. Government's business practices could have a material effect on its procurement, contracting, or other processes and practices and adversely affect our current programs and potential new awards. Our industry has experienced, and we expect will continue to experience, changes to business practices resulting from, among other things, a greater focus on affordability, efficiencies, business systems, recovery of costs, and a reprioritization of available customer funding. These initiatives and changes to procurement practices may change the way U.S. Government contracts are solicited, negotiated, and managed, and may impact whether and how we pursue opportunities to provide our products and services to the U.S. Government, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Changes in procurement practices favoring incentive-based fee arrangements, different award criteria, non-traditional contract provisions, and cost mandates from the government may affect our profitability and the predictability of our profit rates. The U.S. Government also is pursuing alternatives to shift additional responsibility and performance risks to contractors. For example, the Department is accelerating development and acquisition of new technologies through increased use of rapid acquisition alternatives and procedures, including through other transaction authority agreements ("OTAs") and Commercial Solutions Openings ("CSOs"). We have seen, and expect to continue to see, OTAs and CSOs used as an alternative to traditional procurement methods. These contracting methods are not subject to all of the procurement requirements that typically apply to Department contracts, including the FAR, and may be used, subject to certain conditions, for research, prototype development, and follow-on production for a successful prototype. OTA awards generally require a significant portion of the work to be performed by a non-traditional defense contractor or to be funded by non-governmental sources. Moreover, these solicitations typically have significantly shorter acquisition times as compared to traditional procurements. If we cannot adapt successfully to changing acquisition processes or if the Department significantly favors privately funded, non-traditional defense contractors or increases cost sharing mandates, we may lose new business opportunities, including in high-growth or strategic areas, and our future performance and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition to the Department's business practice initiatives, the DCMA and DCAA have implemented cost recovery/cost savings initiatives to prioritize cost recovery/savings. As a result, we have experienced and may continue to experience a higher number of audits and/or lengthened periods of time required to close audits. These audits may result in costs being challenged, debated, and in certain cases, withheld or modified, and could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Competition within our markets and bid protests may affect our ability to win new contracts and result in reduced revenues or market share. We operate in a highly competitive environment and our competitors may have more financial capacity or other resource or capabilities. Our shipbuilding business is highly competitive, in part, due to the limited number of U.S. shipyards that compete for contracts to construct, overhaul, repair, maintain, and convert naval vessels. In addition, the competition for certain of our products, such as aircraft carriers, submarines, amphibious assault ships, surface combatants, and other ships, is heightened due to changes in budgetary pressures and priorities, and our programs may compete with each other for available funding in addition to our competitors. We expect competition for future shipbuilding programs to continue to be intense. We compete with another large defense contractor for contracts to build surface combatants , submarines, and large deck amphibious ships, and smaller shipyards have entered the market for surface combatants. We may compete in the future with the same contractor and other shipyards to build new and different classes of ships, as well as ships for which we are currently the sole source, including amphibious assault ships. Moreover, changes in U.S. defense spending priorities that reduce the demand for the types of ships we build and services we provide increase our exposure to market competition risk. If we are unable to compete successfully, we may generate lower revenues and lose market share, which would negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and our ability to compete for future defense contracts could be impacted. Although we are the only company currently capable of refueling nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, existing U.S. Government shipyards may be able to refuel nuclear-powered aircraft carriers if substantial investments in facilities, personnel, and training are made. If a U.S. Government-owned shipyard became capable of, and engaged in, the refueling of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows would likely be adversely affected. 13 Table of Contents We also compete in the shipbuilding engineering, planning, and design market with companies that provide engineering support services. Such competition increases the risk we may not be the successful bidder on future U.S. Navy engineering proposals, including aircraft carrier research and development, submarine design, and surface combatant and amphibious assault ship program contracts. Our Mission Technologies segment also is highly competitive and competes domestically and internationally against mid to large A&D companies and non-traditional defense companies that may have more financial resources or capabilities. The success of our Mission Technologies division in competing depends, in part, on its ability to remain cost-competitive, respond to changes in customer acquisition strategies, accurately anticipate our customers' needs, and differentiate its products and services offerings from other market participants. Our competitive environment also is affected by bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. As the competitive environment intensifies, the number of bid protests may increase. Bid protests can result in an award decision being overturned, requiring a re-bid of the contract. Even when a bid protest does not result in a re-bid, resolution of the matter typically extends the time until contract performance can begin, which can reduce our earnings in the period in which the contract would otherwise be performed. Our level of indebtedness and our ability to make payments on or service our indebtedness may adversely affect our financial and operating activities or our ability to incur additional debt. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our current or future indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash from operations, financings, or asset sales, which may be subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. If we are not able to repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we may be forced to sell assets or take other unfavorable actions, including reducing funding for working capital, capital expenditures, and general corporate purposes; reducing our cash dividend rate and/or share repurchases; or dedicating an unsustainable level of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness. In addition, our ability to withstand competitive pressures and to react to changes in the defense industry could be impaired. In the event of a default on any of our indebtedness, the lenders who hold such debt could accelerate amounts due, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of our other indebtedness. We have classified contracts with the U.S. Government, which limits investor insight into portions of our business. We derive a portion of our revenues from programs with the U.S. Government that are classified or subject to security restrictions that preclude the dissemination of information. In general, access to classified information, technology, facilities or programs requires appropriate personnel security clearances, is subject to additional contract oversight and potential liability and may also require appropriate facility clearances and other specialized infrastructure. We are limited in our ability to provide information about these classified programs, their risks or any disputes or claims relating to such programs. As a result, investors have less insight into our classified business and our business overall. However, historically the business risks associated with our classified programs have not differed materially from those of our other government contracts. Business and Operational Risk Factors Cost growth on flexibly priced contracts that does not result in higher contract prices reduces our profit and exposes us to the potential loss of future business. Our operating income is adversely affected when we incur certain contract costs or certain increases in contract costs that cannot be billed to customers. Contract cost growth has occurred and may occur in the future when expenses to complete a contract increase and/or differ materially from our initial estimates. Factors that have caused, and may in the future cause, contract cost growth include, but are not limited to, inflation, changes in trade policy (including tariffs), technical challenges, manufacturing difficulties, delays, workforce-related issues, including labor shortages and reduced productivity, changes in the nature and complexity of the work performed, the timeliness, availability and cost of materials or equipment, subcontractor performance or product quality issues, performance delays, availability and timing of customer funding, changes in trade policy, and natural disasters. A 14 Table of Contents significant increase in contract costs from our original cost estimates on one or more contracts could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Our risk and ability to recover costs vary with the type of contract under which we are performing: firm fixed-price, fixed-price incentive, cost-type, or time and material. Approximately 46% of our revenues in 2025 were generated under fixed-price incentive contracts, approximately 50% were generated under cost-type contracts, approximately 1% were generated under time and material contracts, and approximately 3% were generated under firm fixed-price contracts. Fixed-price contracts generally tend to have more financial risk than cost-type contracts, including as a result of inflationary pressures, wage pressures and labor shortages, and supplier challenges. These contracts increase the risk that we may not recover our costs or will generate less profit or a loss if our costs exceed initial estimates. With cost-type contracts, allowable costs are generally subject to reimbursement plus an award or incentive fee, which is uncertain and may be earned over time. Under each type of contract, our operating results could be adversely affected if we are unable to control costs, particularly if we are unable to negotiate an increase in contract price, or recover increased costs, with our customers. U.S. Government contracts often extend for years, and unforeseen events, such as technology difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw materials, a significant increase in or sustained period of higher inflation, new or increased tariffs, supplier issues, including equipment delays, challenging labor market conditions, unexpected rework, and cost overruns, have in the past resulted, and may in the future result, in contract prices becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us over time. Higher interest rates resulting from inflationary pressures can also impact the fair values of our contracts. Moreover, if we fail to meet contract deadlines or specifications, we may be required to renegotiate contracts on less favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated damages, or suffer major losses if the customer exercises its right to terminate. Cost overruns have adversely impacted, and may continue to impact, our results of operations, which are dependent on our ability to maximize our earnings from our contracts. This risk would be greater if our contracts shifted toward a greater percentage of fixed-price contracts, particularly firm fixed-price contracts. Cost overruns or the failure to perform on existing programs also may adversely affect our ability to retain existing programs and win future contract awards. In addition, changes in contract financing policy for fixed-price contracts, such as changes in performance and progress payments policies, could significantly affect the timing of our cash flows. From time to time, we may begin performance under an undefinitized contract action with a not-to-exceed price prior to completing contract negotiations, in order to support U.S. government priorities. Uncertainties relating to final contract price, specifications and terms, or loss of negotiating leverage associated with contract definitization, may negatively affect our profitability. Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel. Our performance and growth is dependent upon our ability to identify, attract, train, and retain sufficient qualified personnel with the requisite skills in multiple areas, including: engineering, nuclear, trades and crafts, manufacturing, information technology, and cybersecurity, and who share our values and culture. We also must be able to attract and retain personnel who can obtain and maintain required security clearances. It can be difficult to replace personnel with the required skills, experience, and/or clearances if we experience unplanned attrition. A growing portion of our current workforce is nearing or eligible for retirement. If we lose experienced personnel and are unable to hire new qualified personnel, develop and train inexperienced employees, and successfully manage the short and long-term transfer of critical knowledge and skills our business could be adversely affected. We have recently experienced situations where our personnel have failed to achieve expected performance improvements on certain of our long-term contracts, which resulted in unexpected inefficiency, and in some cases, required rework, which negatively impacted our ability to achieve certain performance milestones under those contracts. Our ability to overcome these challenges in the short and long term will have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, significant challenges hiring and retaining personnel with relevant qualifications and experience, which has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, and could impact our ability to perform under our contracts and compete for new contracts. Competition for talent is intense, and this has affected, and may continue 15 Table of Contents to affect, our ability to successfully attract or retain personnel with the requisite skills or clearances. We continue to face increased competition for talent, both with traditional defense companies and commercial companies, and with increasing wage rates. We also compete with commercial technology companies outside of the shipbuilding and defense industry for qualified technical positions. These companies may be able to offer more attractive compensation and other benefits to candidates, including in the recruitment of our existing employees. In addition, we may be limited in the amount and terms of compensation we are able to offer our executive officers or other employees as a U.S. defense contractor under certain circumstances. We have also experienced higher labor, recruiting, and training costs to attract and retain such employees, which has impacted our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. A shortage of skilled employees has and may continue to impact our ability to perform our contracts and may impact our ability to compete for new contracts. Our earnings and profitability depend, in part, upon subcontractor performance and raw material and component availability and pricing. We rely on third parties to provide raw materials , major components and sub-systems , hardware elements , and sub-assemblies for our products and to perform certain services we provide to our customers, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including applicable Department cybersecurity requirements. For example, our U.S. Government contracts require us to procure certain materials, components, and parts from supply sources approved by the customer and/or are restricted from procuring products or services from certain sources. Disruptions and performance issues from our suppliers and subcontractors, unanticipated cost growth for the products and services they provide, or inconsistencies between our contractual obligations to our customers and our agreements with our subcontractors and suppliers, have adversely impacted and may in the future impact our ability to meet our commitments to customers. Our ability to satisfy our obligations on a timely basis are adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors are unable to provide agreed-upon products, materials, or services in a timely, compliant, and cost-effective manner, or they otherwise fail to satisfy contractual requirements. The inability of our suppliers or subcontractors to meet expectations could also result in our need to transition to alternate parties, if available, which could result in significant incremental cost and delay, or the need for us to provide other supplemental support to our existing suppliers and subcontractors. Our costs to manufacture our products can increase over the terms of our contracts, including as a result of increases in material costs and wages. Although we may be protected from increases in material costs through cost escalation provisions, the difference in basis between our actual material costs and industry indices may expose us to cost recovery risk. Our bids for longer-term firm fixed-price contracts typically include assumptions for labor and other contract costs that historically have been sufficient to cover cost increases over the period of performance. However, our profitability may be adversely affected if these cost assumptions are not sufficient to cover potential contract cost growth. In addition, significant delays in deliveries of key raw materials, which may occur due to material shortage or pricing, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In some cases, only one supplier may exist for certain components and parts required to manufacture our products. The inability of a sole source supplier to provide a necessary component or part on a timely, compliant, and cost-effective basis could increase our contract cost and affect our ability to satisfy our contract obligations. Our procurement practices are intended to provide materials, components, parts, and services that meet contract specifications and reduce the likelihood of our procurement of unauthorized, non-compliant, or deficient goods and services. We rely on our subcontractors and suppliers to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and the obligations set forth in the HII Supplier Code of Conduct, through representations and certifications from our subcontractors and suppliers regarding such compliance. We also conduct technical assessments, inspections, and audits, as necessary, with subcontractors and suppliers. Notwithstanding the actions we take to mitigate the risk of receiving non-compliant materials, components, parts, and services, subcontractors and suppliers sometimes provide us with unauthorized, non-compliant, or deficient goods and services, which can increase our contract costs and impact our ability to satisfy our contract obligations to our customers. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to increase our current and future shipbuilding capacity. If we are unable to do so, or to do so in a cost-effective manner, our business could be materially adversely affected. We expect that we will need to increase our shipbuilding capacity to meet current and future production demands. We are utilizing and may in the future utilize one or more strategies to increase such capacity including, among 16 Table of Contents others, increasing investment in our current shipyards, identifying and retaining additional qualified personnel, utilizing third parties to support production needs, and identifying efficiencies in our current production process to support increased production. We also may seek to increase our capacity through acquisitions, partnerships, or other arrangements. Our ability to increase capacity is subject to risks and uncertainties. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to successfully expand production capacity, or to do so on a cost-effective basis. In addition, our ability to expand our shipbuilding capacity will also depend greatly on our ability to hire, train, and retain an adequate number of personnel, in particular personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, background and skills. If we are unable to hire such personnel, our business and financial results would be negatively impacted. Many of our contracts include performance obligations that incorporate innovative designs, state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise, or new technologies, or otherwise are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control, and failure to meet performance expectations could adversely affect our profitability and future prospects. We design, develop, and manufacture products and perform services that often involve innovative designs, new technologies, and complex manufacturing processes. Delays and issues with product development, technology implementation, manufacturing, or subcontractor components or services can impact our contract performance. First-in-class ships, also known as lead ships, usually include new technologies supplied by the U.S. Navy or other contractors or developed by us. Problems associated with development or implementation of these new technologies or design changes in the construction process can lead to delays in the design and construction schedule. The risks associated with new technologies or design changes during construction can both increase the cost of a ship and delay delivery. Our products cannot always be tested and proven and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems, including premature failure of elements that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement, substandard quality or workmanship, and unexpected degradation of product performance. These failures could result in loss of life or property and could negatively affect our results of operations as a result of unanticipated expenses that we don't recover, diversion of management attention, loss of follow-on work, and, in the case of certain contracts, reimbursement to the customer of contract costs and fee payments previously received. We periodically experience quality issues with respect to products and services that we sell to our U.S. Government customers. These issues can and have required significant resources to determine the source of the deficiencies and implement corrective actions. We may discover quality issues in the future related to our products and services that require analysis and corrective action. Such issues and our responses and corrective actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Changes in key estimates and assumptions associated with postretirement benefit plans, such as discount rates and assumed long-term returns on assets, actual investment returns on our pension plan assets, and legislative and regulatory actions could significantly affect our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and related expenses. Our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, such as retiree health care costs, are dependent upon various estimates and assumptions, including discount rates, mortality and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. Changes to these estimates and assumptions and differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets could significantly impact our retirement related expense, the funded status of benefit plans, and contributions to our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans, which could have material adverse effects on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, pension cost recoveries under CAS for our U.S. Government contracts occur in different periods from those in which pension expense is recognized under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") or the periods in which we make contributions to our benefit plans, and changes to estimates and assumptions and differences between expected and actual returns could adversely affect the timing of those pension cost recoveries. We have taken certain actions intended to mitigate the risk related to our defined benefit pension plans including pension risk transfer transactions whereby we purchase group annuity contracts ("GACs") from insurance companies using assets from the pension trust. We expect to continue to evaluate such transactions in the future. Although we are relieved of all responsibility for the associated pension obligations under the GACs we have purchased to date, we may in the future purchase GACs whereby the insurance company reimburses the pension 17 Table of Contents plans but we remain responsible for paying benefits under the plans to covered retirees and beneficiaries and are subject to the risk that the insurance company will default on its obligations to reimburse the pension trusts. While we believe pension risk transfer transactions are beneficial, future transactions, depending on their size, could result in us making additional contributions to the pension trust and/or require us to recognize noncash settlement charges in earnings in the applicable reporting period. We could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cybersecurity threats, and related disruptions. As a defense contractor, we face significant cyber and other security threats. These threats include, among others, threats to our information technology infrastructure, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to classified, proprietary or other sensitive information or otherwise compromise the integrity, confidentiality and/or availability of our systems, hardware and networks or those of our suppliers and subcontractors; insider threats; ransomware; threats to the safety of our directors, officers and employees; threats to our facilities, infrastructure, products (we produce and use), and subcontractors or other suppliers; and threats from terrorist acts, espionage, civil unrest and other acts of aggression. Our information technology infrastructure is critical to the efficient operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations. We rely on this infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including classified and other sensitive information of the U.S. Government. We face substantial cybersecurity threats, including threats to our and the U.S. Government's proprietary and classified information from advanced nation state threat actors and non-state actors, sophisticated cybercrime syndicates, hacktivists, and insiders. These cybersecurity threats are continuously evolving and include security breaches (whether through cyber attack, cyber intrusion, or insider threat) via the internet; malicious software, including ransomware; computer viruses; attachments to emails; persons inside our organization or with access to systems inside our organization; subcontractors or suppliers; or other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems or those of our suppliers or subcontractors, including through the use of new and emerging technologies like artificial intelligence. Some of these threats are zero-day attacks associated with previously unknown vulnerabilities in third party software products we utilize in our business. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks and expect we will continue to experience additional attacks in the future. Cybersecurity attacks or other incidents can lead to the loss or misuse of sensitive information or capabilities; theft or corruption of data; harm to personnel, infrastructure or products; financial costs and liabilities; protracted interruptions of our operations and performance; significant recovery and restoration expenses; degraded performance on existing contracts; and misuse of our products. They also can harm our reputation, result in the loss of current or future contracts, including work on sensitive or classified systems for the U.S. Government, and cause us to incur significant costs or other potential liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Given the persistence, sophistication, volume, and novelty of threats we face, we may not be successful in preventing or mitigating an attack that could have a 