Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company and our business. Risks Related to Our Industry We are subject to the business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, any of which could reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth. Our business is subject to a number of business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, including: &#8226; significant competition from multiple hospitality providers in all parts of the world; &#8226; changes in the supply and demand for hotel services, including rooms, food and beverage and other products and services; &#8226; the financial condition of and relationships with third-party property owners, developers and joint venture and strategic partners, including the risk that owners or strategic partners may terminate or fail to comply with our management, franchise, joint venture or strategic partner contracts; &#8226; decreases in the frequency of business travel that may result from alternatives to in-person meetings, including virtual meetings hosted online or over private teleconferencing networks; &#8226; decreases in the availability and/or increases in the cost of capital necessary for us and third-party hotel owners to fund investments, capital expenditures and service debt obligations; &#8226; increases in operating costs, including employee compensation and benefits, energy, insurance, food and beverage and other supplies; &#8226; significant increases in cost for health care coverage for employees and potential government regulation with respect to health care coverage; &#8226; increases in costs due to inflation or other factors that may not be fully offset by increases in revenues in our business, as well as increases in overall consumer prices, including the prices of our offerings, due to inflation, which could weaken consumer demand for travel and the other products we offer and adversely affect our revenues; &#8226; changes in taxes, tariffs and governmental regulations that affect the cost of supplies to hotels or influence or set wages, prices, interest rates or construction and maintenance procedures and costs; &#8226; the costs and administrative burdens associated with complying with applicable laws and regulations; &#8226; the costs or desirability of complying with local practices and customs; &#8226; shortages of labor or labor disruptions; &#8226; the ability of third-party internet and other travel intermediaries who sell our hotel rooms to guests to attract and retain customers, including with the aid of AI, which may adversely affect our ability to sell rooms directly; &#8226; the quality of services provided by franchisees, as well as their ability to comply with relevant regulations and contractual requirements relating to a variety of issues including the environment, human rights and labor; &#8226; delays in or cancellations of planned or future development or refurbishment projects at hotels in our system; &#8226; cyclical over-building in the hospitality industry; &#8226; changes in desirability of geographic regions of the hotels in our business, geographic concentration of our operations and customers and shortages of desirable locations for development; and &#8226; the costs required for environmental initiatives, including those resulting from regulatory changes or stakeholder or customer expectations. Any of these factors could (i) increase our costs or (ii) limit or reduce the prices we are able to charge (a) third-party hotel owners for providing management and franchise services or (b) hotel customers for hospitality products and services, or (iii) otherwise affect our ability to maintain existing properties or develop new properties. As a result, any of these factors can reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth. 14 Macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical activity, public health concerns and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect and reduce demand for our products and services. Macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical activity, public health concerns and other factors beyond our control can reduce demand for hospitality products and services, including demand for rooms at our hotels. These factors include, but are not limited to: &#8226; changes in general economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, supply chain disruptions, low consumer confidence, tariffs, increases in unemployment levels and depressed real estate prices resulting from the severity and duration of any downturn in the U.S. or global economy and financial markets; &#8226; conditions that negatively shape public perception of travel or result in temporary closures or other disruption at our hotel properties, including travel-related accidents, outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as COVID-19; &#8226; geopolitical activity, political and social unrest and governmental action and uncertainty resulting from U.S. and global political and social trends and policies, including potential barriers to travel, trade and immigration; &#8226; wars, geopolitical conflict, political instability or civil unrest, terrorist activities or threats and resulting heightened travel security measures, any of which may foreclose travel to certain locales or decrease the appeal of travel among the general population; &#8226; the impact of U.S. Federal government shutdowns and other similar governmental budgetary impasses or reductions; &#8226; decreased corporate or government travel-related budgets and spending, as well as cancellations, deferrals or renegotiations of group business, such as industry conventions; &#8226; statements, actions or interventions by governmental officials related to travel and corporate travel-related activities and the resulting negative public perception of such travel and activities; &#8226; the financial and general business condition of the airline, automotive and other transportation-related industries and its effect on travel, including decreased airline capacity and routes and increased travel costs; &#8226; perceived negative impacts of tourism on local cultures, human rights and the environment; &#8226; cyber-attacks; &#8226; the impact of climate change or availability of natural resources; &#8226; natural, climate-related or man-made disasters and extreme weather conditions, including earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, wildfires, volcanic eruptions, oil spills and nuclear incidents; &#8226; labor shortages, which could restrict our ability to efficiently operate or grow our business and/or increase our costs; &#8226; organized labor activities, which could cause a diversion of business from hotels involved in labor negotiations and loss of business for our hotels generally as a result of certain labor tactics; and &#8226; other changes in the overall demand for what we offer, including the desirability of particular locations or travel patterns of customers. Any one or more of these factors could limit or reduce overall demand for our products and services or could negatively affect our revenue sources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Contraction in the global economy or low levels of economic growth could adversely affect our revenues and profitability, as well as limit or slow our future growth. Consumer demand for our services is closely linked to the performance of the general economy and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Decreased global or regional demand for hospitality products and services can be especially pronounced during periods of economic contraction or low levels of economic growth, and the recovery period in our industry may lag overall economic improvement. Declines in demand for our products and services due to general economic conditions could negatively affect our business by limiting the amount of fee revenues we are able to generate from our managed and franchised properties and decreasing the revenues and profitability of hotels within our ownership segment. In addition, many of the expenses associated with our services, including labor and personnel costs, interest, rent, property taxes, insurance and utilities, are relatively fixed. During a period of overall economic weakness, if we are unable to meaningfully decrease these costs as demand for our services decreases, our business operations, financial performance, results and prospects for future growth may be adversely affected. 15 Risks Related to Operating Our Business Because we operate in a highly competitive industry, our revenues or profits could be harmed if we are unable to compete effectively. The segments of the hospitality industry in which we operate are subject to intense competition. Our principal competitors are other operators of luxury, full-service and focused-service hotels, including other major hospitality chains with well-established and recognized brands. We also compete against smaller hotel chains, independent and local hotel owners and operators, home and apartment sharing services and timeshare operators. If we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues or profits may decline. Competition for hotel guests We face competition for individual guests, group reservations and conference business at our hotels. We compete for these customers based primarily on brand name recognition and reputation, as well as location, rates for hotel rooms, food and beverage and other services, property size and availability of guest rooms and conference and meeting space, quality of the accommodations and technology provided, previous customer experience and satisfaction, amenities and the ability to earn and redeem loyalty program points. Our competitors may have greater commercial, financial and marketing resources and more efficient technology platforms, which could allow them to improve their properties and expand and improve their marketing efforts in ways that could affect our ability to compete for guests effectively, or they could offer a type of lodging product that customers find attractive but that we do not offer. Competition for management and franchise contracts We compete to enter into management and franchise contracts. Our ability to compete effectively is based primarily on the value and quality of our management services, brand name recognition and reputation, our access to and willingness to invest capital or provide other incentives or inducements, availability of suitable properties to maintain brand variety across geographic areas, the overall economic terms of our contracts and the economic advantages to the third-party hotel owner of retaining our management services and/or using our brands. If the properties that we manage or franchise perform less successfully than those of our competitors, if we are unable to offer terms as favorable as those offered by our competitors or if the availability of suitable properties is limited, we may not be able to compete effectively for new management or franchise contracts. Any deterioration in the quality or reputation of our brands could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. Our brands are among our most important assets. Our ability to attract and retain guests depends, in part, on the public recognition of our brands and their associated reputation. In addition, the success of our hotel owners' businesses and the amount of payments to us for the assets and services we provide them may depend on the strength and reputation of our brands. If our brands become obsolete or consumers view them as unfashionable, unsustainable or lacking in consistency and quality, we may be unable to attract guests to our hotels and may further be unable to attract or retain our hotel owners to use our management and franchise services. Changes in ownership or management practices, perceptions of our corporate responsibility practices, perception of guest or employee health or safety, the occurrence of accidents or injuries, cyber-attacks, security breaches, natural disasters, crime, failure of suppliers, franchisees or business partners to comply with relevant regulations and contractual requirements relating to a variety of issues including environmental, human rights and labor, individual guest, owner or employee notoriety or similar events at our hotels and resorts can harm our reputation, create adverse publicity and cause a loss of consumer confidence in our business. Because of the global nature of our brands and the broad expanse of our business and hotel locations, events occurring in one location could negatively affect the reputation and operations of otherwise successful individual locations. In addition, the expansion of social media has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity by increasing the speed and expanse of information dissemination. Many social media platforms publish content immediately and without filtering or verifying the accuracy of that content; AI technologies may exacerbate the spread of negative or inaccurate content. A negative incident or the perception of occurrence of a negative incident at one hotel could have far-reaching effects, including lost sales, customer boycotts, loss of development opportunities and employee difficulties. Such incidents have in the past and could in the future subject us to legal actions, including litigation, governmental investigations or penalties, along with the resulting additional adverse publicity. A perceived decline in the quality of our brands or damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Our business is subject to risks related to doing business with third-party property owners that could adversely affect our reputation, operational results or prospects for growth. Unless we maintain good relationships with third-party hotel owners and renew or enter into new management and franchise contracts, we may be unable to maintain or expand our presence and our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Our business depends on our ability to: (i) establish and maintain long-term, positive relationships with third-party hotel owners; and (ii) enter into new, and renew, management and franchise contracts. Although our management and franchise contracts are typically long-term arrangements, hotel owners may be able to terminate the contracts under certain circumstances, including the failure to meet specified financial or performance criteria. The ability to meet these financial and performance criteria is subject to, among other things, risks common to the overall hospitality industry, including factors outside of our control. In addition, negative pricing trends in the industry for management and franchise and related fees more broadly could adversely affect our ability to negotiate with hotel owners. If we fail to maintain and renew existing management and franchise contracts or enter into new contracts on favorable terms, we may be unable to expand our presence and our business, and our financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Our business is subject to real estate investment risks for third-party hotel owners that could adversely affect our operational results and our prospects for growth. Growth of our business is affected, and may potentially be limited, by factors influencing real estate development generally, including site availability, financing availability and cost, planning, zoning and other local approvals. In addition, market factors such as projected room occupancy, changes in growth in demand for customers compared to projected supply, geographic area restrictions in management and franchise contracts, costs and availability of construction labor and materials and anticipated room rate structure, if not managed effectively by our third-party hotel owners could adversely affect the growth of our management and franchise business. If our third-party hotel owners are unable to repay or refinance loans secured by properties, or to obtain financing adequate to fund current operations or growth plans, our revenues, profits and capital resources could be reduced and our business could be harmed. Many of our third-party hotel owners pledge their properties as collateral for loans entered into at the time of development, purchase or refinancing. If our third-party hotel owners are unable to repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, which could be more difficult in the current interest rate environment, their lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt and repossess the property. We have been required and may, in the future, be required to make cash payments for any debt that we have guaranteed or letters of credit that we have extended. While we maintain certain contractual protections, repossession could result in the termination of our management or franchise contract or eliminate revenues and cash flows from the property. In addition, the owners of managed and franchised hotels depend on financing to develop or buy and improve hotels and, in some cases, fund operations during down cycles. Our hotel owners' inability to obtain adequate funding or to do so at interest rates that they are willing to accept could materially adversely affect the operation, maintenance and improvement plans of existing hotels, result in the delay or stoppage of the development of our existing development pipeline and limit additional development to further expand our hotel portfolio. Hotel owners with financial difficulties have been and may continue to be unable or unwilling to pay us amounts that we are entitled to under our existing contracts on a timely basis or at all. Likewise, if we or our hotel owners or franchisees are unable to access capital to make physical improvements to our hotels, the quality of our hotels may suffer, which may negatively impact our reputation and guest loyalty, and our performance may suffer as a result. If our third-party property owners fail to make investments necessary to maintain or improve their properties, guest preference for Hilton brands, Hilton's reputation and performance results could suffer. Substantially all of our management and franchise contracts, as well as our license agreement with HGV, require third-party property owners to comply with the quality and reputation standards of our brands, which include requirements related to the physical condition, use of technology, safety standards and appearance of the properties, as well as the service levels provided by hotel employees. These standards may evolve with customer preference, or we may introduce new requirements over time. If our property owners fail to make investments necessary to maintain or improve the properties and related operations in accordance with our standards, or based on customer demand more broadly, guest preference for our brands could diminish. In addition, if third-party property owners fail to observe standards or meet their contractual requirements, we may 17 elect to exercise our termination rights, which would eliminate revenues from these properties and cause us to incur expenses related to terminating these contracts. We may be unable to find suitable or offsetting replacements for any individually terminated hotels or broader third-party owner relationships. Conversely, if third-party property owners feel our brand standards are too restrictive or costly, we may fail to maintain and renew existing management and franchise contracts or enter into new contracts on favorable terms, and thus, we may be unable to expand our presence and our business, and our financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Contractual and other disagreements with third-party property owners could make us liable to them or result in litigation costs or other expenses or termination of existing management or franchise contracts. Our management and franchise contracts require us and our hotel owners to comply with operational and performance conditions that are subject to interpretation and could result in disagreements. Any dispute with a property owner could increase our costs even if the outcome is ultimately in our favor. We cannot predict the outcome of any arbitration or litigation, the effect of any negative judgment against us or the amount of any settlement that we may enter into with any third party. Furthermore, specific to our industry, some courts have applied principles of agency law and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, which means that property owners may assert the right to terminate contracts with us even where the contracts do not expressly provide for termination. Our fees from any property permitted to be terminated would be eliminated, and accordingly, may negatively affect our results of operations. Some of our existing development pipeline may not be developed into new hotels, which could materially adversely affect our growth prospects. As of December 31, 2025, we had 3,703 hotels in our development pipeline under one of our brands or a strategic partner hotel brand, of which almost half of the rooms are under construction, which includes operating hotels that are in the process of conversion into our system. The commitments of owners and developers with whom we have contracts are subject to conditions, and the eventual development and construction of our development pipeline, in particular for hotels not currently under construction, is subject to risks, including, in certain cases, the owner's or developer's ability to obtain adequate financing and governmental or regulatory approvals. Unfavorable economic conditions also could affect our ability to enter into management and franchise contracts with potential third-party owners of our hotels, who may be unable to obtain financing or face other delays or cost pressures in developing hotel projects. As a result, at times new hotels have entered our pipeline at a slower rate than anticipated, some properties in our development pipeline have entered our system later than we anticipated and some hotels under development never enter our system at all, thereby negatively affecting our overall growth. New hotel brands or non-hotel branded concepts that we launch in the future may not be as successful as we anticipate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have launched and acquired and may continue to launch and acquire new hotel products, brands and/or concepts or execute brand expansions into new markets, including international markets. These products may not be accepted by hotel owners, franchisees or customers and we cannot guarantee the level of acceptance any new or acquired brand will have in the development and consumer marketplaces. If new or acquired branded hotel products, non-hotel branded concepts or brand expansions are not as successful as we anticipate, we may not recover the costs we incurred in their development, acquisition or expansion, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks resulting from investments in leased real estate could increase our costs, reduce our profits and limit our ability to respond to market conditions. Our investments in leased real estate property (including through joint ventures) subject us to various risks that may not be applicable to managed or franchised properties, including: &#8226; governmental regulations relating to real estate ownership or operations, including tax, environmental, zoning and eminent domain laws; &#8226; fluctuations or loss in value of real estate or potential impairments in the value of our assets due to changes in market conditions and expectations of future hotel revenues and costs of operations in the area in which real estate or assets are located; &#8226; increased potential civil liability for accidents or other occurrences on leased properties; &#8226; the ongoing need for capital improvements and expenditures funded by us to maintain or upgrade properties, some of which were constructed many years ago, and contractual requirements to deliver properties back to lessors in a particular state of repair and condition at the end of a lease term; 18 &#8226; construction delays, lack of availability of required construction materials or cost overruns (including labor and materials) related to necessary capital improvements of leased properties; &#8226; periodic total or partial closures due to renovations and facility improvements; &#8226; risks associated with any mortgage debt, including the possibility of default, interest rate levels, particularly in a volatile interest rate environment, and uncertainties in the availability of replacement financing; &#8226; the inability to rebuild a property that has been damaged or destroyed by casualty, including a climate-related weather event, as a result of governmental regulations or other restrictions; &#8226; the inability to renew our leases on favorable terms or at all; &#8226; our limited ability to influence the decisions and operations of joint ventures in which we have a minority interest; &#8226; force majeure events, including earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, wildfires, floods, tsunamis, climate-related weather events, outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases or acts of terrorism, civil unrest and other conflicts; &#8226; contingent liabilities that exist after we have exited a property; &#8226; costs linked to the employment and management of staff to run and operate a leased property; &#8226; increased operating costs including energy, insurance, food and beverage, supplies and other operating costs; and &#8226; the relative illiquidity of real estate compared to some other assets. The negative effect on profitability and cash flow from declines in revenues is more pronounced in leased properties because we, as the lessee, bear the risk of the costs required to lease and operate a hotel. Further, during times of economic distress, declining demand and declining earnings often result in declining asset values, and we or our joint ventures may not be able to sell properties or exit leasing arrangements on favorable terms or at all. Accordingly, we may not be able to adjust our leased property portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Failure to keep pace with developments in technology, including AI, could adversely affect our operations or competitive position. The hospitality industry demands the use of sophisticated technology and systems for property management, brand assurance and compliance, procurement, finance, human resources, reservation systems, distribution of hotel resources to current and future customers and guest amenities and the operation of the Hilton Honors guest loyalty program. These technologies may require maintenance or refinements and upgrades, and third parties may cease support of systems that are currently in use. The development and maintenance of these technologies has required and may further require significant investment by us. As various systems and technologies become outdated or new technology is required, we may not be able to replace or introduce them as quickly as needed or in a cost-effective and timely manner. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving technological developments in AI, our competitive position and business results may suffer. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their operations more quickly or successfully than us, or develop superior offerings with the aid of AI, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. In some cases, hotel owners may refuse to upgrade systems or deploy new technology to replace aging or end-of-life software and/or hardware. As a result, our business operations could be disrupted and our competitive position could decline, adversely affecting our financial performance, or we may not achieve the benefits we may have been anticipating from any new technology or system. Failures in, material damage to or interruptions in our information technology systems, software or websites, including as a result of cyber-attacks on our systems or systems operated by third parties that provide operational and technical services to us, costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of personal data and other sensitive information and difficulties in updating our existing software or developing or implementing new software could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We depend heavily upon our information technology systems in the conduct of our business. We develop, own and license or otherwise contract for sophisticated technology systems and services for property management, brand assurance and compliance, procurement, finance, human resources, reservation systems, distribution of hotel resources to current and future customers and guest amenities and the operation of the Hilton Honors guest loyalty program. Such systems are subject to, among other things, damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, third-party criminal activity including "ransomware" or other malware and natural and man-made disasters. We have a cold disaster recovery site in a separate location and cloud backup processes to provide continuous resilience of our core reservation, property management, distribution and financial systems, but certain of our data center operations are currently located in a single facility or with a single cloud-based provider. Although we continue to renovate and migrate portions of our operations to cloud-based providers while simultaneously building and operating new applications and services with those cloud-based providers, any loss or damage to our primary physical or cloud-based facilities could result in operational disruption and data loss as we transfer production operations to our disaster recovery site or cloud providers. Damage or interruption to our 19 information systems may require a significant investment to update, remediate or replace with alternate systems, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations as a result. In addition, costs and potential problems or interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. Any material interruptions or failures in our systems, including those that may result from our failure to adequately develop, implement and maintain a robust disaster recovery plan and backup systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial performance. We rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology functions worldwide. In particular, our loyalty platform, property management, reservation and distribution systems rely on data communications networks and systems operated by unaffiliated third parties and cloud providers. The success of our business depends in part on maintaining our relationships with these third parties and their continuing ability to perform these functions and services in a timely and satisfactory manner. If we experience a loss or disruption in the provision of any of these functions or services, or they are not performed in a satisfactory manner, we may have difficulty in finding alternate providers on terms favorable to us, in a timely manner or at all, and our business could be adversely affected. We rely on certain vendors for traditional software and cloud/software-as-a-service operations to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems and applications so that they can continue to support our business. The software programs supporting many of our systems were licensed to us by independent software developers. The inability of these developers or us to continue to maintain and upgrade these information systems and software programs has impacted, and in the future could, disrupt or reduce, the efficiency of our operations if we were unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner. For example, in July 2024 a software update by CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc., a cybersecurity technology company, caused a global information technology outage. Although the outage did not have a material impact to our business, we were temporarily impacted by the outage, and similar software outages in the future could harm our operations and be material to us. We are vulnerable to various risks and uncertainties associated with our websites and mobile applications, including changes in required technology interfaces, website and mobile application downtime and other technical failures, unexpected costs and changes and issues as we upgrade our website software and mobile applications. Additional risks include computer malware, changes in applicable federal, state and international regulations, security breaches, legal claims related to our website operations, e-commerce fulfillment and other consumer privacy concerns. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce website and mobile application sales and have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Cyber-attacks could have a disruptive effect on our business. From time to time we and our third-party service providers experience cyber-attacks, attempted and actual breaches of our or their information technology systems and networks or similar events, which could result in a loss of sensitive business or customer information, systems interruption or the disruption of our operations. The techniques that are used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, and despite our deployment of cyber-attack prevention and detection techniques, we are accordingly unable to anticipate and prevent all data security incidents. We have in the past been subject to cyber-attacks and expect that we will be subject to additional cyber-attacks in the future and may experience data breaches, especially as the pace, scale and sophistication of cyber-attacks continue to increase across all industry sectors, including hospitality. Even if we are fully compliant with legal standards and contractual or other requirements, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches involving sensitive data. The sophistication of efforts by hackers to gain unauthorized access to information systems has continued to increase in recent years and may continue to do so at an accelerating pace as criminals increasingly leverage generative and agentic AI-based technologies and services. Breaches, thefts, losses or fraudulent uses of customer, employee or company data could cause consumers to lose confidence in the security of our websites, mobile applications, point of sale systems and other information technology systems and, as a result of this loss in confidence, choose not to purchase from us. Such security breaches also could expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, litigation, fines, regulatory charges and other costs or liabilities, any of which could adversely affect our business. We are incorporating artificial intelligence technologies into our processes. These technologies may present business, compliance and reputational risks. The introduction of AI technologies, particularly generative and agentic AI, into new or existing offerings may also result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, including due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, copyright 20 infringement, compliance issues, ethical concerns, security risks relating to private and/or confidential information, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. In addition, it is possible that AI and machine learning-technology could, unbeknownst to us, be improperly utilized by employees while carrying out their responsibilities. The use of AI can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and business and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. We are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of personal data and other sensitive information. We are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of personally identifiable information and commercial information, including costs related to compliance with U.S. and foreign data collection and privacy laws and other contractual obligations, as well as risks associated with the compromise of our systems collecting such information. Many jurisdictions, including the European Union ("E.U."), the U.K., China and certain states within the U.S., have passed laws that require companies to meet specific requirements regarding the handling of personally identifiable information. We collect internal and customer data, including credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information for a variety of important business purposes, including managing our workforce, providing requested products and services and maintaining guest preferences to enhance customer service and for marketing and promotion purposes. In some cases, we share personal customer and payment data with select third party partners to enable fulfillment of customer reservations and other requested or related services and we are dependent on those third-party partners to protect the integrity and safety of that data from unauthorized exposure. We could be exposed to fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation, reputational harm or other expenses, or other adverse effects on our business, due to failure to protect personally identifiable information and commercially sensitive information or failure to maintain compliance with the various U.S. and foreign data collection and privacy laws or with credit card industry standards or other applicable data security standards. In addition, U.S. states and the federal government have enacted additional laws and regulations to protect consumers against identity theft. These laws and similar laws in other jurisdictions have increased the costs of doing business, and failure on our part to implement appropriate safeguards or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these laws could subject us to potential claims for damages and other remedies. If we were required to pay any significant amounts in satisfaction of claims under these laws, or if we were forced to cease our business operations for any length of time as a result of our inability to comply fully with any such law, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. Because third parties provide us with a number of operational and technical services, third-party security incidents could expose us to liability, harm our reputation, damage our competitiveness and adversely affec