y from recent results or from our anticipated future results. Disclosures of risks should not be interpreted to imply that the risks have not already materialized, and there may be additional risks that are not presently material or known. MACROECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY RISKS The Company and each of our businesses is subject to unique industry and economic conditions that may adversely affect the markets and operating conditions of our customers, which in turn can affect demand for our products and services and our results of operations. &#8226; Aerospace Technologies &#8212;Our Aerospace business is impacted by customer buying patterns of aftermarket parts, supplier stability, factory transitions, and global supply chain capacity constraints that may lead to shortages of crucial components. Operating results may be adversely affected by downturns in the global demand for air travel, which may impact new aircraft production or result in the delay or cancellation of new aircraft orders, delays in launch schedules for new aircrafts, the retirement of aircrafts, and reductions in global flying hours, which impacts air transport and regional, business, and general aviation aircraft utilization rates. Operating results may also be adversely affected by any decrease in air travel demand due to regional restrictions or suspension of service for events related to public health, safety, the environment, or regional conflicts. Operating results could also be impacted by changes in overall trends related to end market demand for the product portfolio, as well as new entrants and non-traditional players entering the market. Operating results in our Defense and Space business unit may be affected by the mix of U.S. and foreign government appropriations for defense and space programs and by compliance risks. In addition, delays resulting from a U.S. federal government shutdown may result in us incurring substantial labor or other costs without reimbursement under our customer contracts, delay or decrease the number of purchase orders issued under our contracts with government agencies, or result in the suspension of work on contracts in progress or in payment delays. Results may also be impacted by the potential introduction of counterfeit parts into our global supply chain. &#8226; Industrial Automation &#8212;Operating results may be adversely impacted by reduced investments in process automation, safety monitoring, industrial plants, utilities and plant capacity utilization initiatives, fluctuations in retail, energy and semiconductor markets, changes in the competitive landscape, including new market entrants and new technologies that may lead to product commoditization, and adverse industry economic conditions, all of which could result in lower market share, reduced selling prices, and lower margins. &#8226; Building Automation &#8212;Operating results may be adversely impacted by downturns in the level of global buildings and infrastructure construction activity (including retrofits and upgrades), lower capital spending and operating expenditures on projects, changes in the competitive landscape, including new market entrants and new technologies, and fluctuations in inventory levels in distribution channels. &#8226; Energy and Sustainability Solutions &#8212;Operating results may be adversely impacted by downturns in capacity utilization for chemical, industrial, refining and petrochemical plants, our customers' availability of capital for refinery construction and expansion, raw material demand and supply, product commoditization, and our ability to maximize our facilities' production capacity and minimize downtime. Periods of increased volatility in oil and natural gas prices may result in less investment by our customers and therefore, lower demand for our products and services. In addition, the Company and each of its businesses has been, and may continue to be, negatively affected by global macroeconomic conditions, including the impacts of inflation, high interest rates, supply chain and labor disruptions, unemployment rates, geopolitical instability and regional conflicts, the adoption and expansion of, and other changes to, trade restrictions and tariffs, quotas, embargoes, and other related actions, and the occurrence or threat of a trade war or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies. Such factors could adversely impact, demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the world and U.S. economies. The impact of such factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition. A significant percentage of our sales and operations is in non-U.S. jurisdictions and is subject to the economic, political, regulatory, foreign exchange, and other risks of international operations. Our international operations, including U.S. exports, represent more than half of the Company's sales. Risks related to international operations include exchange control regulations, wage and price controls, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, antitrust regulations, employment regulations, foreign investment laws, import, export, and other trade restrictions and barriers (such as tariffs, sanctions, and embargoes), differing levels of protection of intellectual property, acts of industrial espionage, violations by our employees or business partners of anti-corruption or anti-money-laundering laws (despite our efforts to mitigate such risk), changes in regulations regarding transactions with state-owned enterprises, nationalization of private enterprises, acts of terrorism, acts of war, civil strife, and our ability to hire and maintain qualified staff and maintain the safety of our employees in these regions. Instability and uncertainties arising from the global geopolitical environment and the evolving international and domestic political, 30 Honeywell International Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS regulatory, and economic landscape, including the potential for changes in global trade policies, such as sanctions and trade barriers, and trends such as populism, economic nationalism, and negative sentiment toward multinational companies, as well as the cost of compliance with increasingly complex and often conflicting regulations worldwide, can impair our flexibility in modifying product, marketing, pricing, or other strategies for growing our businesses, as well as our ability to improve productivity and maintain acceptable operating margins. Existing free trade laws and regulations provide certain beneficial duties and tariffs for qualifying imports and exports. Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular increased trade restrictions, tariffs, or taxes on imports from countries where we manufacture products or from where we import products or raw materials, either directly or through our suppliers, could have an impact on our competitive position and financial results. The U.S. continues to implement certain trade actions, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported from China and other countries, which has resulted in retaliatory tariffs by China and other countries. The recent changes in U.S. trade policy involving the application or increase of tariffs and the subsequent retaliatory measures against the U.S. have created a dynamic environment that may have a material adverse impact on our business. While we have deployed strategies to mitigate the impact of these dynamic trade policies, there is no assurance that we will be able to mitigate the full impact of all such tariffs, retaliatory tariffs or other trade policies that have or may develop in this rapidly changing environment. Increasing trade tensions and changes in trade policies have the potential to adversely impact our costs, the demand for our products, our supply chain and the global economy, and could result in fines and penalties or reputational harm if we are found not to be in compliance, which may have an adverse impact on our business, including operating and financial results and conditions. In response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. and other countries imposed actions including sanctions, export and import controls, and trade restrictions with respect to Russian and Belarusian governments, government-related entities, and other entities and individuals. Further, the Russian government implemented retaliatory actions against the U.S. and other nation members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) as well as certain other nations. Given the uncertainty inherent in our remaining obligations related to our contracts with Russian counterparties, we do not believe it is possible to develop estimates of reasonably possible loss in excess of current accruals for these matters. As the conflict continues to evolve, existing conditions may worsen, or other impacts, including escalation of the conflict in other regions of Europe where there is a material portion of our business, increased tension between Russia and the U.S. and other NATO members and other countries, or other impacts that are unknown at this time, could lead to increased charges and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. These impacts may result in increased costs or additional impacts on our operations and may adversely affect our ability to meet contractual and financial obligations, results of operations, and financial condition. To the extent the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine persists, it may also negatively impact other risk factors disclosed in this Form 10-K and further impact our financial results. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and consumer spending; cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information technology (IT) infrastructure or that of our customers and suppliers, including disruptions at our cloud computing, server, systems, and other third party IT service providers; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; our ability to implement and execute our business strategy, particularly in Eastern Europe and surrounding regions; disruptions in global supply chains; energy shortages; terrorist activities targeting U.S. government contractors and/or critical infrastructure; our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets. Operating outside of the U.S. also exposes us to foreign exchange risk, which we monitor and seek to reduce through hedging activities. However, foreign exchange hedging activities bear a financial cost and may not always be available to us or be successful in eliminating such volatility. Finally, we generate significant amounts of cash outside of the U.S. that is invested with financial and non-financial counterparties. While we employ comprehensive controls regarding global cash management to guard against cash or investment loss and to ensure our ability to fund our operations and commitments, a material disruption to the counterparties with whom we transact business could expose Honeywell to financial loss. Operating outside the U.S. also exposes us to additional intellectual property risk. The laws and enforcement practices of certain jurisdictions in which we operate may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as in the U.S. and may impose joint venture, technology transfer, local service or other foreign investment requirements, and restrictions that potentially compromise control over our technology and proprietary information. Failure of foreign jurisdictions to protect our intellectual property rights, an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign jurisdictions, or the imposition of foreign jurisdiction investment or sourcing restrictions or requirements could result in loss of valuable proprietary information and could impact our competitive position and financial results. Risks related to our defined benefit pension plans may adversely impact our results of operations and cash flow. Significant changes in actual investment return on pension assets, discount rates, and other factors could adversely affect our results of operations and require cash pension contributions in future periods. Changes in discount rates and actual asset returns different than our anticipated asset returns can result in significant non-cash actuarial gains or losses, which we record in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, and, if applicable, in any quarter in which an interim remeasurement is triggered. With regard to cash pension contributions, funding requirements for our pension plans are largely dependent upon interest rates, actual investment returns on pension assets, and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension funding obligations. 31 Honeywell International Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS OPERATIONAL RISKS Raw material price fluctuations, inflation, the ability of key suppliers to meet quality and delivery requirements, or catastrophic events can increase the cost of our products and services, impact our ability to meet commitments to customers, and cause us to incur significant liabilities. The cost of raw materials is a key element in the cost of our products, particularly in Energy and Sustainability Solutions (copper, tungsten salts, aluminum, and molybdenum) and in Aerospace Technologies (nickel, steel, titanium, and other metals). As of December 31, 2025, the majority of the raw materials supply base of Aerospace Technologies and Energy and Sustainability Solutions were under contract. While we have implemented mitigation strategies to reduce the impact of supply chain disruptions, any inability to source necessary materials when and as needed, offset material price or labor inflation through increased prices to customers, formula-driven or long-term fixed price contracts with suppliers, productivity actions, or commodity hedges could adversely affect our results of operations. Many major components, product equipment items, and raw materials, particularly in Aerospace Technologies, are procured or subcontracted on a single or sole-source basis. Although we maintain a qualification and performance surveillance process and we believe that sources of supply for raw materials and components are generally adequate, it is difficult to predict what effects shortages or price increases, in addition to other supply chain disruptions, may have in the future. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. In addition, current or future global economic uncertainty, including inflation and high interest rates, supply chain and labor disruptions, tariffs and other trade barriers and restrictions, unemployment rates, banking instability, any U.S. government shutdown, any downgrades in the U.S. government's sovereign credit rating, public health crises, volatile financial markets, geopolitical instability and regional conflicts, and potential recession may affect the financial stability of our key suppliers or their access to financing, which may in turn affect their ability to perform their obligations to us. If one or more of our suppliers experiences financial difficulties, delivery delays, or other performance problems, our resulting inability to fill our supply needs would jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under commercial and government contracts, which could, in turn, result in reduced sales and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. In certain of our businesses, our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. Our bids are based upon, among other factors, the cost to timely provide the products and services. To generate an acceptable return, we must accurately estimate our input costs and delivery schedules. If we fail to do so, the profitability of contracts may be adversely affected &#8211; including because some of our contracts provide for liquidated damages if we do not perform on time &#8211; which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. In an effort to reduce the impact of current and future supply chain disruptions, we have implemented short-term and long-term strategies to reduce the impact of such disruptions, including supply chain simplification, continued alignment to local supply sources, digital solutions for identifying and managing shortages, pricing actions and dual source strategies, longer-term planning for constrained materials, supply tracking tools, direct engagement with key suppliers to meet customer demand, new supplier development, and development of new or redesigned products that satisfy our product quality controls and engineering qualifications and/or any applicable regulatory requirements. We cannot provide any assurance that our mitigation strategies will continue to be successful, or that we will be able to alter our strategies or develop new strategies if and as needed. We may be unable to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions, and divestitures may not occur as planned. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. We may not be able to complete transactions on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. In addition, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted by (i) the failure of acquired businesses to meet or exceed expected returns, including risk of impairment; (ii) the failure to integrate multiple acquired businesses into Honeywell simultaneously and on schedule and/or to achieve expected synergies; (iii) the inability to dispose of non-core assets and businesses on satisfactory terms and conditions; and (iv) the discovery of unanticipated liabilities, labor relations difficulties, cybersecurity concerns, compliance issues, or other problems in acquired businesses for which we lack contractual protections, insurance or indemnities, or, with regard to divested businesses, claims by purchasers to whom we have provided contractual indemnification. We have divested a number of businesses, including as part of spin-offs. With respect to some of these former businesses, we have contractually agreed to indemnify the counterparties against, or otherwise retain, certain liabilities, including, certain lawsuits, product liability claims, and environmental matters. Even without ongoing contractual indemnification obligations, we could be exposed to liabilities arising out of such divestitures. In addition, the counterparties to those divestitures or spun-off businesses may have agreed to indemnify us or assume certain liabilities relating to those divestitures. However, there can be no assurance that the indemnity or assumption of liability by the counterparties will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of these liabilities, or that a counterparty will be able to fully satisfy its obligations. Third parties also could seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that a counterparty agreed to assume. Even if we ultimately succeed in recovering any amounts for which we were initially held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. 32 Honeywell International Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS The Company is subject to risks related to its plan to separa te Honeywell from Honeywell Aerospace, in to standalone, publicly traded companies. The Company has previously announced its intent to separate its Aerospace Technologies segment from Honeywell, which will comprise its Industrial Automation, the Building Automation, and the remainder of the Energy and Sustainability Solutions segments (the "Separation"), into standalone, publicly traded companies, in a transaction that is intended to be tax-free for the Company's shareowners for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Separation will be subject to the satisfaction of a number of customary conditions, including, among others, finalization of applicable financial statements, the filing and effectiveness of applicable filings (including a Form 10 registration statement) with the SEC, assurance that the transaction will be tax-free to Honeywell's shareowners, receipt of applicable regulatory and other customary approvals, and final approval by Honeywell's Board of Directors. The failure to satisfy all of the required conditions for the Separation, as well as additional factors such as conditions in the equity and debt markets and other external conditions, including, but not limited to, a government shutdown or shareowner actions or challenges relating to the Separation or to other aspects of the Company's business or strategy, many of which are outside of the Company's control, could delay the completion of the Separation relative to its anticipated timeline or prevent it from occurring. These or other unanticipated developments could also cause the Separation to occur on terms or conditions that are less favorable than anticipated. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Separation, if completed, will be successful in meeting its objectives or achieving its intended benefits. Whether or not the Separation is ultimately completed, the Company and our business may face challenges, including as a result of actions or challenges from shareowners, including activist shareowners, that may not be aligned with our business strategies or the interests of our other shareowners, including potential business disruption; the diversion of management's time; and potential negative impacts on the Company's relationships with its customers, employees, regulators, and other counterparties. Any of these factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the price of our common stock, which may exhibit significant fluctuations based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the fundamental underlying value of our business or of the standalone, publicly traded companies that would be formed following the planned Separation. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. Our future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to (i) identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends, including technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning in our target end markets; (ii) develop and maintain competitive products; (iii) defend our market share against an ever-expanding number of competitors, including many new and non-traditional competitors; (iv) enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate our products from those of our competitors and prevent commoditization of our products; (v) develop, manufacture, and bring compelling new products to market quickly and cost-effectively; (vi) adequately protect the intellectual property associated with our inventions; (vii) monitor disruptive technologies and business models; (viii) achieve sufficient return on investment for new products introduced based on capital expenditures and research and development spending; (ix) respond to changes in overall trends related to end market demand; and (x) attract, develop, and retain individuals with the requisite technical expertise and understanding of customers' needs to develop new technologies and introduce new products. Competitors may also develop after-market services and parts for our products which attract customers and adversely affect our return on investment for new products. The failure of our technologies or products to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by our competitors or the failure to address any of the above factors could significantly reduce our revenues and adversely affect our competitive standing and prospects. Emerging technology, such as generative and agentic artificial intelligence, is complex and rapidly evolving, and while we aim to develop and use artificial intelligence responsibly, we may ultimately be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving all problems, and the technologies that we develop or use may ultimately be flawed, which could harm our reputation and expose us to risks related to potential infringement of others' intellectual property, biases, inaccuracies or errors in outputs from these technologies. Furthermore, any integration of third-party artificial intelligence models with our products and solutions relies on certain safeguards implemented by the third-party developers of the models, and there can be no guarantee that those safeguards are adequate to protect against the risks associated with their deployment. 33 Honeywell International Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS Failure to increase productivity or enhance operations through sustainable operational improvements, as well as an inability to successfully execute repositioning projects or to effectively manage our workforce, may reduce our profitability or adversely impact our businesses. Our profitability and margin growth are dependent upon our ability to drive sustainable improvements. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities, transitions to cost-competitive regions, and product line rationalizations. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution, additional unexpected costs, realization of fewer than estimated productivity improvements, and adverse effects on employee morale. We may not realize the full operational or financial benefits we expect, the recognition of these benefits may be delayed, and these actions may potentially disrupt our operations. In addition, organizational changes, increased attrition, failure to create and implement a succession plan for key Company positions, not retaining key talent, inability to attract new employees with unique skills, trends in rising labor costs and labor availability, labor relations difficulties, or workforce stoppage could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position, and results of operations. Additionally, certain personnel may be required to receive various immigration visas, clearances and substantial training in order to work in certain geographies on certain programs or perform certain tasks. Necessary visas and security clearances may be delayed, or become increasingly expensive, which may impact our ability to perform on our contracts. We also may not be successful in training or developing qualified personnel with the requisite relevant skills or security clearances. As a supplier to the U.S. government, we are subject to unique risks, such as the right of the U.S. government to terminate contracts for convenience and to conduct audits and investigations of our operations and performance. U.S. government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for our failure to perform consistent with the terms of the applicable contract. Our contracts with the U.S. government are also subject to government audits that may recommend downward price adjustments and other changes. When appropriate and prudent, we made adjustments and paid voluntary refunds in the past and may do so in the future. In addition, U.S. government contracts are subject to congressional funding, which may be unavailable due to changes in priorities or subject to continuing resolution, which may result in funding reductions, eliminations, or other effects that could impact our business. Furthermore, any U.S. federal government shutdown could result in us experiencing delays or decreases in the number of purchase orders issued under our contracts with government agencies or with our prime contractor customers, incurring substantial labor or other costs without reimbursement under our customer contracts, or the suspension of work on contracts in progress or in payment delays. We are also subject to government investigations of business practices and compliance with government procurement and security regulations. If, as a result of any such investigation or other government investigations (including investigation of violations of certain environmental, employment, or export laws), Honeywell or one of its businesses were found to have violated applicable law, then it could be suspended from bidding on or receiving awards of new government contracts, suspended from contract performance pending the completion of legal proceedings, and/or have its export privileges suspended. Our operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. Mainly because of past operations and operations of predecessor companies, we are subject to potentially material liabilities related to the remediation of environmental hazards and to claims of personal injuries or property damages that may be caused by hazardous substance releases and exposures. We continue to incur remedial response and voluntary clean-up costs for site contamination and are a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety matters, including past production of products containing hazardous substances. Additional lawsuits, claims, and costs involving environmental matters are likely to continue to arise in the future. Various federal, state, local, and foreign governments regulate the use of certain materials, the discharge of materials into the environment, and/or communications respecting certain materials in our products, and can impose substantial fines and criminal sanctions for violations, and require injunctive relief measures, including installation of costly equipment, implementation of operational changes to limit emissions and/or decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous substance releases, or limiting access of our products to markets, among others. In addition, changes in laws, regulations and enforcement of policies, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or new technology or information related to individual sites, the establishment of stricter toxicity standards with respect to certain contaminants, or the imposition of new clean-up requirements or remedial techniques could require us to incur additional costs in the future that would have a negative effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 34 Honeywell International Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS Our business, reputation, and financial performance may be materially impacted by cybersecurity attacks on our IT infrastructure and products. Cybersecurity is a critical component of the Company's enterprise risk management program. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to IT, operational technology, and online services infrastructure to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company, its products, its customers, and/or its third-party software and service providers, including cloud providers. Our customers, including the U.S. government, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. While we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, these types of threats and incidents, none of them to date have been material to the Company. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents (against us, parties with whom we contract, or software used in our business), including incidents due to human error, third-party action, including actions of foreign actors, which risk may be exacerbated by the current geopolitical conflicts and U.S. and international response, insider attacks, the introduction of computer viruses and/or malicious or destructive code, phishing or denial-of-service attacks, the introduction of computer viruses and/or malicious or destructive code, ransomware or other malware, social engineering, malfeasance, other unauthorized physical or electronic access, or other vulnerabilities, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties), theft of funds, and the disruption of business operations. We face an increased level of risk during significant IT infrastructure transitions, such as those we are undertaking in connection with our spin-off of Solstice and announcement to pursue a separation of Honeywell from Honeywell Aerospace, into independent, U.S. publicly traded companies, which is intended to be completed in the third quarter of 2026. In addition, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive data continue to evolve and become more sophisticated and may not be recognized until launched against a target; accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures, and future cybersecurity incidents could go undetected and persist for an extended period of time. Furthermore, to the extent artificial intelligence capabilities continue to improve and are increasingly adopted, they may be used to identify vulnerabilities and craft increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks, including the use of generative artificial intelligence to conduct more sophisticated social engineering attacks on the Company, suppliers, or customers. In addition, vulnerabilities may be introduced from the use of artificial intelligence by us, our financial services providers and other vendors and third-party providers. Our customers, partners (including our suppliers), subcontractors, and other third parties to whom we entrust confidential data, and on whom we rely on to provide products and services, face similar threats and growing requirements. While we aim to perform cybersecurity due diligence on our key vendors and service providers, we do not control such third parties, and our ability to monitor their cybersecurity-related controls, safeguards and processes is limited. Further, we cannot ensure the cybersecurity measures they take will be sufficient to protect any information we share with them or prevent any disruption arising from a technology failure, cyber-attack, or other information or security breach. We depend on such parties to implement adequate controls and safeguards to protect against and report cyber incidents. If such parties fail to deter, detect, or report cybersecurity incidents in a timely manner, we may suffer from financial and other harm, including to our information, operations, performance, employees, and reputation. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident and its effects include financial loss, reputational damage, litigation with third parties, theft of intellectual property, fines levied by the Federal Trade Commission or other government agencies, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development, and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could have a material impact on our competitiveness, business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, cybersecurity laws and regulations continue to evolve, and are increasingly demanding, both in the U.S. and globally, which adds compliance complexity and may increase our costs of compliance and expose us to reputational damage or litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, or fines in one or more jurisdictions. We cannot be certain that our cybersecurity insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The development of technology products and services presents security and safety risks. An increasing number of our products, services, and technologies are delivered with IoT capabilities and the accompanying interconnected device networks, which include sensors, data, and advanced computing capabilities. We have developed product software designs that we believe are less susceptible to cyber-attacks, but despite these efforts, if our products and services that include IoT solutions, inclusive of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, do not work as intended or are compromised, the possible consequences include financial loss, reputational damage, exposure to legal claims or enforcement actions, theft of intellectual property, and diminution in the value of our investment in research, development, and engineering, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. Additionally, our ability to continue to develop or use certain technologies may depend on our access to technology offered by third-party software and infrastructure providers, including those that provide hardware or artificial intelligence models, and we cannot control the quality, availability, or cost of these offerings. 35 Honeywell International Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS Emerging cybersecurity regulations (including the EU Cyber Resilience Act) increasingly mandate rigorous cybersecurity standards for our products and services. These mandates may increase our operational costs by requiring additional investment in secure product development, vulnerability management, and product lifecycle management. Adapting our diverse portfolio to meet these requirements may require costly product redesigns, delay market entry for new solutions, or necessitate strategic retirement of legacy offerings. Failure to meet these standards could result in significant financial penalties, restricted market access, and reputational harm that could adversely affect our competitive position and financial results. Moreover, beyond the regulations generally applicable to data collection and use, technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning may introduce novel compliance, security, and operational risks due to the rapidly evolving legal and regulatory environment, both in the United States and internationally, surrounding the development, sale and use of these technologies. Governments globally&#8212;including through frameworks such as the EU AI Act, the Colorado Artificial Intelligence Act, and the California AI Transparency Act&#8212;are adopting rules that impose heightened transparency, risk&#8209;management, monitoring, and human&#8209;oversight obligations. As these frameworks develop, we may be required to modify our practices, contracts, or products. Their ultimate impact is uncertain, and additional jurisdictions may adopt similar requirements. Failure to comply could result in regulatory scrutiny, fines, or reputational harm. Data privacy, data protection, and information security may require sign