=== COP_2026-03-30.htm.gz ===
tm2523177-3_nonfiling - none - 30.0461875s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents A Message from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Lead Director 4 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 6 Proxy Summary 7 About ConocoPhillips 7 Stockholder Engagement 9 Director Nominees 10 Governance Highlights 12 Executive Compensation 13 Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies 14 Board Composition and Refreshment 32 Director Onboarding and Education 33 Board and Committee Evaluations 34 Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips 35 Board Leadership Structure 35 Board Independence 37 Related Party Transactions 38 Board Meetings and Committees 39 Board Oversight of Risk Management 41 Stockholder Engagement and Board Responsiveness 43 Code of Business Ethics and Conduct 46 Commitment to Our Culture 47 Human Capital Management 48 Public Policy Engagement 50 Communications with the Board of Directors 51 Director Compensation 51 Audit and Finance Committee Report 57 Item 2: Proposal to Ratify the Appointment of Ernst Young LLP 59 Item 3: Advisory Approval of Executive Compensation 61 Role of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee 62 Authority and Responsibilities 62 Members 62 Meetings 62 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 63 Executive Overview 64 Philosophy and Principles of Our Executive Compensation Program 70 Majority of Executive Compensation is Performance Based 71 Components of Executive Compensation 71 Process for Determining Executive Compensation 74 2025 Executive Compensation Analysis and Results 82 Other Executive Compensation and Benefits 89 Executive Compensation Governance 90 Human Resources and Compensation Committee Report 92 Human Resources and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 92 Executive Compensation Tables 93 Summary Compensation Table 93 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 96 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 98 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 100 Pension Benefits 100 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 102 Executive Severance and Changes in Control 104 CEO Pay Ratio 109 Pay Versus Performance 110 Linking Pay and Performance 112 Stock Ownership 114 Holdings of Major Stockholders 114 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 114 Securities Ownership of Officers and Directors 115 Equity Compensation Plan Information 116 Stockholder Proposals 117 Item 4: Stockholder Proposal Independent Board Chairman 118 Submission of Future Stockholder Proposals and Nominations 122 Rule 14a-8 Stockholder Proposals 122 Proxy Access Nominations 122 TABLE OF CONTENTS Other Proposals/Nominations Under the Advance Notice By-Law 122 How to Reach Our Corporate Secretary 122 Available Information and Q A About the Annual Meeting and Voting 123 Available Information 123 Attending the Annual Meeting 123 Stockholders of Record and Beneficial Stockholders: Know Which One You Are 124 Who Can Vote and How 125 Business to Take Place at the Meeting 126 Proxies 128 Ways to Get Our Proxy Statement and Annual Report 129 Appendix A 130 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 130 Non-GAAP Reconciliations 131 Other Measures 132 Stockholder Information 133 ConocoPhillips 2026 Notable Recognitions and Achievements 134 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This document includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our Climate Risk Strategy and related goals, commitments and strategies as well as other ESG -related information. We use words such as ambition, anticipates, believes, expects, future, goal, target, plan, must, will, should, aim, strive, intends and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including due to the risks and uncertainties that are discussed in our most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K, subsequent filings on Forms 10-Q, and Forms 8-K. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. Incorporation by Reference To the extent that this Proxy Statement has been or will be specifically incorporated by reference into any other filing of ConocoPhillips under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the sections of this Proxy Statement titled Audit and Finance Committee Report (to the extent permitted by the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)) and Human Resources and Compensation Committee Report shall not be deemed to be so incorporated, unless specifically stated otherwise in such filing. This Proxy Statement includes website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites, which are provided for convenience only. These websites and materials are not incorporated into this Proxy Statement by reference. TABLE OF CONTENTS A Message from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Lead Director March 30, 2026 Dear Fellow Stockholders, On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) and the Executive Leadership Team, we are pleased to invite you to participate in the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ). The meeting will take place virtually on Tuesday, May 12, 2026, at 9:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time. There will be no in-person meeting. The attached Notice of the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement provides information about the business we plan to conduct. Maintaining Our Competitive Position Last year, we successfully completed the integration of Marathon Oil Corporation, adding more high-quality, low cost of supply resource to our portfolio. We captured more than $1 billion of synergies and approximately $1 billion of additional one-time benefits, while still delivering pro forma production growth. We also identified an incremental $1 billion in cost reduction and margin enhancement opportunities. We are already making great progress and are on track to capture those savings on a run-rate basis by year-end 2026. These sustainable efficiency improvements and cost reductions make our company more resilient and strengthen our position for decades to come. Meeting Global Energy Demand One of our objectives is to help meet global energy demand. In 2025, we delivered strong operational performance with full-year production of 2,375 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our global portfolio is deep, durable and diverse, and we re recognized as having the most advantaged U.S. inventory position in the sector. We further strengthened that position, with a more than 15% improvement in Lower 48 drilling and completion efficiencies year over year. Beyond the Lower 48, we continued to advance the Willow project in Alaska and equity LNG projects at North Field East and North Field South in Qatar and Port Arthur LNG (PALNG) on the U.S. Gulf Coast. These projects are well positioned to deliver strong returns and compelling multiyear free cash flow growth. Additionally, we advanced our commercial LNG strategy by placing an initial 5 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) of PALNG Phase 1 offtake and secured additional offtake of 5 MTPA, bringing our total commercial offtake portfolio to 10 MTPA. The diversification and flexibility embedded in our distinctive LNG strategy enables us to manage short-term risks and uncertainties while continuing to expand our business for what we see as significant LNG demand in the future. Delivering Competitive Returns On and Of Capital We delivered full-year 2025 earnings of $8.0 billion, or $6.35 per share, and cash provided by operating activities totaled $19.8 billion. We achieved our cash from operations (CFO)-based return of capital target, once again returning 45% of CFO to shareholders through buybacks and the dividend. In December, we increased our ordinary dividend by 8%, in line with our commitment to grow the base dividend at a top-quartile S P 500 rate. Meanwhile, we paid down debt and further strengthened our investment-grade balance sheet, putting us in a very strong financial position. We are well positioned to continue delivering returns on and of capital to shareholders through the cycles. Achieving Our Emissions Reduction Targets In 2025, we completed our approved emissions abatement projects and met our annual greenhouse gas emissions intensity target, advancing our goal to reduce emissions intensity by 50 to 60% by 2030. We also reached our target of zero routine flaring by the end of 2025 for heritage ConocoPhillips assets by taking economically viable steps to eliminate routine flaring in accordance with the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring Initiative. Building on this achievement, we introduced a new commitment this year to maintain flaring intensity of less than 0.75% of gas produced at operated assets. S SAFETY No task is so important that we can t take the time to do it safely. A safe company is a successful company. P PEOPLE We respect one another. We recognize that our success depends upon the capabilities and inclusion of our employees. We value different voices and opinions. I INTEGRITY We are ethical and trustworthy in our relationships with internal and external stakeholders. We keep our promises. R RESPONSIBILITY We are accountable for our actions. We care about our neighbors. Sustainability is core to our company and creates shared value for our stakeholders. I INNOVATION We anticipate change and respond with creative solutions. We are responsive to the changing needs of the industry. We embrace learning. We are not afraid to try new things. T TEAMWORK We have a can do attitude that inspires top performance from everyone. We encourage collaboration. We celebrate success. We win together. 4 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS A Message from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Lead Director Looking to the Future Looking ahead, we remain focused on executing our operating plan and delivering our returns-focused value proposition. We are steadfast in our commitment to operating safely, efficiently and responsibly across all aspects of our business. We believe we have the highest-quality asset base in our peer space, and we re uniquely investing in our high-quality, longer-cycle projects in Alaska and LNG to drive strong returns and compelling, multiyear free cash flow growth. With an ongoing focus on capital and cost discipline, we are well positioned for long-term success. Your input is valued, and your vote is very important. We strongly believe that regular engagement with all stakeholders stockholders, employees, customers, suppliers, advocacy groups, governments, and communities is critical to our long-term success. The Annual Meeting is an opportunity for stockholders to express their views on ConocoPhillips business. Whether or not you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, and no matter how many shares you own, we encourage you to vote in advance. Your vote is important to us and to our business. Prior to the meeting, you may sign and return your proxy card, use telephone or internet voting, or visit the Annual Meeting website at www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting to register your vote. Voting instructions begin on page 125 . Thank you for your continued support. Ryan M. Lance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Niblock Lead Director 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time Virtual Meeting Record Date Tuesday, May 12, 2026 9:00 a.m. (CDT) Online at www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/COP2026 March 18, 2026 Proposals Requiring Your Vote Purpose Board Recommendation Page 1 Election of 13 Directors For each nominee 14 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm For 59 3 Advisory Approval of the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers For 61 4 Stockholder Proposal Independent Board Chairman Against 118 Participate in the Future of ConocoPhillips Vote Now Use your smartphone or computer: www.proxyvote.com Dial (800) 690-6903 toll-free 24/7 Cast your ballot, sign your proxy card, and send by mail in the enclosed postage-paid envelope You may participate in the Annual Meeting and vote electronically Only stockholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2026 will be entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for inspection by any stockholder at our offices in Houston, Texas during ordinary business hours for a period of 10 days prior to the meeting. Visit our Annual Meeting website at www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting to learn more about our Annual Meeting, review and download this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the Annual Report ), submit questions in advance of the Annual Meeting, and sign up for electronic delivery of materials for future annual meetings. By Order of the Board of Directors Kelly B. Rose Corporate Secretary March 30, 2026 Your vote is very important to us and to our business. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please vote right away. For more information on voting, please see Available Information and Q A About the Annual Meeting and Voting beginning on page 123 . Important Notice regarding the availability of Proxy Materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 12, 2026. This Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report are available at www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting. 6 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. For more complete information regarding ConocoPhillips 2025 performance, please review our Annual Report. About ConocoPhillips Company Overview ConocoPhillips is one of the world s leading exploration and production companies, based on both production and reserves, with a globally diversified asset portfolio. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, as of December 31, 2025, ConocoPhillips had operations and activities in 14 countries, $122 billion of total assets, and approximately 9,900 employees. Production averaged 2,375 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day ( MBOED ) in 2025, and proved reserves were 7.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent ( BBOE ) as of December 31, 2025. We explore for, produce, transport, and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, NGLs and LNG on a worldwide basis. Our diverse, low cost of supply portfolio includes resource-rich unconventional plays in North America; conventional assets in North America, Europe, Africa and Asia; LNG developments; oil sands in Canada; and an inventory of global exploration prospects. ConocoPhillips is one of the world s leading E P companies based on both production and reserves, with a globally diversified asset portfolio. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Strong Financial and Operational Performance in Line with Our Returns-Focused Value Proposition Throughout 2025, ConocoPhillips delivered strong financial and operational performance consistent with our value proposition of superior returns to stockholders through price cycles. We successfully integrated Marathon Oil, adding more high-quality, low cost of supply resource to our portfolio. We delivered full year total company and Lower 48 production of 2,375 MBOED and 1,484 MBOED, respectively. We integrated Marathon Oil and doubled synergy capture to more than $1 billion on a run-rate basis in 2025 while achieving approximately $1 billion of additional one-time benefits. We advanced our commercial LNG strategy by placing an initial 5 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) of Port Arthur LNG (PALNG) Phase 1 offtake and secured additional offtake of 5 MTPA, bringing our total commercial offtake portfolio to 10 MTPA. We achieved Lower 48 drilling and completion efficiency improvements of more than 15% year over year and also achieved first oil at Surmont Pad 104W-A. We achieved a 10% return on capital employed, (1) and we delivered competitive returns of capital by distributing $9.0 billion to stockholders, including $5.0 billion through share repurchases and $4.0 billion in cash through the ordinary dividend. We executed our approved emissions abatement projects and achieved our annual GHG emissions intensity target, advancing our goal to reduce operational emissions intensity by 50 to 60% by 2030. We were awarded Gold Standard Reporting in 2025 by Oil Gas Methane Partnership 2.0 (OGMP 2.0) and reached our target of zero routine flaring by the end of 2025 for heritage ConocoPhillips assets. We continue to be guided by our SPIRIT Values and remain committed to our foundational principles, which consist of maintaining balance sheet strength, providing peer-leading distributions, making disciplined investments, and demonstrating responsible and reliable ESG performance. Supporting these core principles are our strategic cash flow allocation priorities: (1) invest enough capital to sustain production and pay the existing dividend; (2) grow the dividend annually; (3) maintain A credit rating; (4) return greater than 30% of cash from operations to stockholders; and (5) make disciplined investments to enhance returns. A summary of the many important accomplishments we achieved in 2025 is shown below: 2025 Highlights Delivering on Our Returns-Focused Value Proposition Strategy Financial Operations Integrated Marathon Oil, delivering $1B+ in run-rate synergies and an additional ~$1B of one-time benefits. Closed $3.2B in dispositions in 2025 and on track to meet $5B total disposition target by year-end 2026. Advanced global LNG strategy placing initial 5 MTPA of PALNG Phase 1 offtake; secured additional offtake of 5 MTPA to bring total commercial offtake portfolio to 10 MTPA. Distributed $9.0B to stockholders; $5.0B in share repurchases and $4.0B in ordinary dividends. $8.0B earnings; $6.35 EPS; $7.7B adjusted earnings (1) ; $6.16 adjusted EPS. (1) 10% ROCE (1) ; 10% cash adjusted ROCE. (1) Generated cash provided by operating activities of $19.8B; $19.9B CFO (2) ; $7.3B FCF (1) ; ending cash of $7.4B. (3) Delivered FY company and Lower 48 production of 2,375 MBOED and 1,484 MBOED, respectively. Achieved more than 15% improvement in Lower 48 drilling and completion efficiencies year over year. Achieved first oil at Surmont Pad 104W-A. Identified an incremental $1B in cost reduction and margin enhancement opportunities; on track to capture those savings on a run-rate basis by year-end 2026. (1) Adjusted earnings, adjusted EPS, return on capital employed (ROCE), cash adjusted ROCE and free cash flow (FCF) are non-GAAP measures. Further information related to these measures as well as reconciliations to the nearest GAAP measure are included in Appendix A. (2) Cash provided by operating activities was ~$19.8B. Excluding operating working capital change of ($0.1B), cash from operations (CFO) was $19.9B. CFO is a non-GAAP measure. Further information related to this measure is included in Appendix A. (3) Ending cash includes cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling $6.9B and short-term investments of $0.5B. Restricted cash was $0.4B. Balance excludes $1.1B in long-term investments. We maintained our ongoing practice of engaging with stockholders throughout 2025 and received consistent feedback that our disciplined, returns-focused strategy is the right one for our business and that our stockholders appreciate our ongoing efforts to increase the transparency and robustness of our disclosures. 8 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Stockholder Engagement ConocoPhillips understands the importance of maintaining a robust stockholder engagement program. During 2025, ConocoPhillips continued this long-standing practice. As applicable, executives and management from our investor relations, sustainable development, human resources, government affairs and legal groups routinely engaged with stockholders on a variety of topics, including our strategy and value proposition, corporate governance, executive compensation, human capital management, culture, climate change and sustainability. When appropriate, directors also met with stockholders. We spoke with representatives from our top institutional investors, fund managers, public pension funds and socially responsible funds to hear their views on these important topics. Overall, investors expressed strong support for ConocoPhillips. We believe our regular stockholder engagement was productive and provided an open exchange of ideas and perspectives for both ConocoPhillips and our stockholders. For more information, see Stockholder Engagement and Board Responsiveness beginning on page 43 and 2025 Say on Pay Vote Result, Stockholder Engagement and Board Responsiveness beginning on page 66 . 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Director Nominees The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the 13 nominees listed below. All of the nominees are currently serving as directors.* Dennis V. Arriola Former CEO, Avangrid, Inc. Age: 65 Director Since: 2022 Nelda J. Connors Founder and CEO, Pine Grove Holdings Age: 60 Director Since: 2024 Gay Huey Evans CBE Former Chairman, London Metal Exchange Age: 71 Director Since: 2013 Jeffrey A. Joerres Former Executive Chairman and CEO, ManpowerGroup Inc. Age: 66 Director Since: 2018 Ryan M. Lance Chairman and CEO, ConocoPhillips Age: 63 Director Since: 2012 Timothy A. Leach Former Chairman and CEO, Concho Resources Inc. Age: 66 Director Since: 2021 Kathleen A. McGinty VP and Chief Sustainability and External Relations Officer, Johnson Controls International plc Age: 62 Director Since: 2025 William H. McRaven Retired U.S. Navy Four-Star Admiral (SEAL) Age: 70 Director Since: 2018 Sharmila Mulligan Former Chief Strategy Officer, Alteryx Age: 60 Director Since: 2017 Arjun N. Murti Partner, Veriten LLC Age: 57 Director Since: 2015 Robert A. Niblock Former Chairman, President and CEO, Lowe s Companies, Inc. Age: 63 Director Since: 2010 David T. Seaton Former Chairman and CEO, Fluor Corporation Age: 64 Director Since: 2020 R.A. Walker Former Chairman and CEO, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation Age: 69 Director Since: 2020 Committees Currently and effective as of May 11, 2026 Executive Committee Audit and Finance Committee Committee on Directors Affairs Human Resources and Compensation Committee Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Circle indicates Chair Lead Director * Ages as of April 1, 2026 10 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Diversity of Board Skills and Experience Board Skills and Experience CEO or Senior Officer CEO or senior officer experience demonstrates a practical understanding of organizations, processes, strategy, risk, and risk management. Environmental/Sustainability Environmental/sustainability experience ensures that strategic business essentials and long-term value creation for stockholders are achieved with a responsible, sustainable business model. Financial Reporting Financial reporting, audit knowledge, and experience in capital markets, both debt and equity, are critical to ConocoPhillips success. Global Global business or international experience provides valued perspectives on how we grow our businesses outside the United States. Human Capital Management Human capital management experience is essential for effective oversight on matters such as culture, succession planning, development and retention. Industry Industry experience provides valuable perspective on issues specific to our business within the energy industry. Public Company Board Service Public company board service experience supports our goals of strong board and management accountability, transparency and protection of stockholder interests. Regulatory/Government Regulatory/government experience offers valuable insight into how the energy industry is heavily regulated and directly affected by governmental actions and decisions. Technology Technology expertise adds exceptional value to our Board as we increasingly utilize our global data assets to monitor and optimize our operations. Director Nominees: Tenure and Backgrounds In 2025, we were pleased to onboard a new director, Kathleen A. McGinty, to our Board. The median tenure of our director nominees is eight years, with four nominees having a tenure of five years or less, five nominees having a tenure of six to 10 years, and four nominees having a tenure greater than 10 years. The median age of our director nominees is 64. Directors generally may not stand for reelection after they reach the age of 75, and 12 director nominees are at least 5 years younger and eight nominees are at least 10 years younger than that age. Four of our director nominees are female, and four of our nominees are from underrepresented communities, in each case representing more than 30% of our total director nominees. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Governance Highlights Our Board oversees the development and execution of our strategy. We have robust governance practices and procedures that support our strategy. To maintain and enhance independent oversight, our Board is focused on its composition and effectiveness and has implemented measures for continuous improvement. The measures outlined below align our corporate governance structure with our strategic objectives and enable the Board to effectively communicate and execute our culture of compliance and rigorous risk management. Comprehensive, Integrated Governance Practices Our Board is committed to regular renewal and refreshment, and we continually assess whether our composition appropriately relates to ConocoPhillips current and evolving strategic needs. See Board Composition and Refreshment beginning on page 32 . In assessing Board composition, the Committee on Directors Affairs considers any planned retirements from the Board, as well as diversity of skills, background and experience. As a result, we have an experienced and diverse group of nominees. See How Are Nominees Selected? beginning on page 14 . The Board balances its commitment to maintaining institutional knowledge with the need for fresh perspectives that board refreshment and director succession planning provide. Our Board s thorough onboarding and director education processes complement our recruitment process. See Director Onboarding and Education beginning on page 33 . Our independent Lead Director s robust duties are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. See Board Leadership Structure beginning on page 35 . Our non-employee directors meet privately in executive session at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Our Board reviews CEO and senior management succession and development plans at least annually and assesses candidates during Board and committee meetings and in less formal settings. Our Board and committees conduct intensive and thoughtful annual evaluations of the Board, its committees, and its directors, including self-evaluations and peer assessments. See Board and Committee Evaluations on page 34 . Our directors provide feedback on Board and committee effectiveness, including areas such as Board composition and the Board/management succession-planning process. Our Board regularly assesses its leadership structure. Our Board s decision-making is informed by input from stockholders. The governance best practices we have adopted support these general principles: Annual election of all directors. Long-standing commitment to sustainability. Stock ownership guidelines for directors and Senior Officers. Independent Audit and Finance, Human Resources and Compensation, and Directors Affairs committees. Transparent public policy engagement. Prohibition on pledging and hedging for all employees. Proxy access. Active stockholder engagement. Majority independent Board. Executive sessions of non-employee directors held at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Empowered independent Lead Director. Majority vote standard in uncontested elections. Robust clawback policy. 12 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Executive Compensation Compensation Designed Around Our Strategy and Informed by Stockholder Feedback Our executive compensation programs and metrics are aligned with our returns-focused value proposition and are directly tied to our strategic priorities (see page 69 ). The following chart summarizes the principal components of our 2025 executive compensation program (percentages are shown for each component of our CEO s 2025 target compensation). (1) The financial metric for PSP 23 is Relative Adjusted ROCE only. Each year, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board ( HRCC ), advised by its independent compensation consultant and informed by feedback from stockholders, undertakes a rigorous review of our compensation programs. The HRCC believes that a substantial portion of our executive compensation should be equity-based and focused on rewarding long-term performance and that this approach more closely aligns the interests of our top executives with those of our stockholders (see page 64 ). Compensation and Governance Practices Through our robust process described under the heading HRCC Annual Compensation Cycle on page 75 , the HRCC has adopted strong governance practices consistent with the market, some of which are summarized below. What We Do Executive compensation aligned with stockholder interests and primarily performance based. Double trigger vesting after a change in control for long-term incentive awards. Significant stock ownership guidelines for Senior Officers and directors. Payouts capped on executive incentive programs. Executives incentive compensation subject to robust clawback policy. What We Don t Do No excise tax gross-ups for our change in control plan participants. No current payment of dividend equivalents on unvested long-term incentives for executives. No pledging, hedging, short sales or derivative transactions, and no repricing of stock options. No employment agreements for our named executive officers ( NEOs ). Don t reward executives for excessive, inappropriate or unnecessary risk-taking. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies What am I Voting On? You are voting on a proposal to elect the 13 nominees named in this Proxy Statement to one-year terms as ConocoPhillips directors. What is the makeup of the Board of Directors and how often are the members elected? Our Board currently has 13 members. Directors are elected at the annual stockholder meeting each year. Any vacancy on the Board created between annual stockholder meetings (if, for example, a current director resigns or the size of the Board is increased) may be filled by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office. Any director appointed to fill a vacancy would hold office until the next election. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, directors generally may not stand for reelection after they reach the age of 75. What if a nominee is unable or unwilling to serve? All director nominees have consented to serve. However, should a director become unable or unwilling to serve before the date of the Annual Meeting and should the Board not elect to reduce the size of the Board, shares represented by proxies may be voted for a substitute nominated by the Board. How are directors compensated? Please see our discussion of director compensation beginning on page 51 . How are nominees selected? The Committee on Directors Affairs regularly evaluates the size and composition of the Board and continually assesses that composition in relation to ConocoPhillips strategic needs, which change as the business environment evolves. We seek director candidates who possess the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values and who are committed to representing the long-term interest of all ConocoPhillips stakeholders. As directors exit from the Board, whether planned or unplanned, the Committee on Directors Affairs seeks to onboard new directors to backfill the needed skills and experience of the outgoing directors. When possible, for example in connection with a planned retirement, we seek sufficient overlap in service to allow for the transfer of institutional knowledge and sharing of experiences. 14 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies The chart below shows our process for identifying and integrating new directors. How We Select and Onboard/Integrate New Board Members 1 Board Composition Assessment Board assesses its current composition and identifies skills or characteristics needed to enhance its effectiveness, considering things like: the company s strategy. current director tenure. established retirement age. results of evaluations. 2 Candidate Sources Candidates suggested by: non-employee directors. stockholders. outside search firms. management. 3 Candidate Assessments Pool of candidates vetted based on: qualifications. leadership experience. integrity, ethics and judgment. independence. competing obligations and potential conflicts. mix of skills and experience already on the Board. 4 Committee Interviews Committee on Directors Affairs interviews promising candidates and recommends nominees to the full Board. 5 Nomination Process Board nominates candidates for election at next annual meeting or elects new members to serve until stockholders vote at next annual meeting. 6 Director Orientation New directors undergo orientation and training. 7 Board Self-Evaluation Members of the Board provide self-evaluations and evaluations of the full Board and committees. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines contain director independence standards consistent with the standards prescribed in the NYSE Listed Company Manual and provide that, at all times, at least a substantial majority of the Board must meet those standards. The Committee on Directors Affairs also seeks to ensure that the Board reflects a range of talents, ages, skills, personal attributes and expertise particularly in the areas of leadership and management, financial reporting, issues specific to oil and gas-related industries, both domestic and international markets, public policy and government regulation, technology, public company board service, human capital management, and environmental and sustainability matters sufficient to provide sound and prudent guidance with respect to ConocoPhillips strategic needs. The Board seeks to maintain a diversity of skills, backgrounds and experiences and also requires that its members be able to dedicate the time and resources necessary to ensure the diligent performance of their duties, including attending Board and applicable committee meetings. To that end, the Committee on Directors Affairs considers the number of other boards on which each candidate already serves. Non-employee directors may not serve on more than four other boards of publicly traded companies in addition to the Board, and ConocoPhillips Chief Executive Officer may not serve on the board of more than one other publicly traded company. Directors should seek approval from the Chair of the Board and the Chair of the Committee on Directors Affairs in advance of accepting an invitation to serve on another public company board. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies The following are some of the key qualifications and skills the Committee on Directors Affairs considered in evaluating the director nominees. The chart on the next page shows how these qualifications and skills are distributed among our nominees. The individual biographies beginning on page 19 provide additional information about how each nominee s specific experiences, qualifications and skills align with and further the strategic direction of ConocoPhillips. CEO or Senior Officer Financial Reporting Industry We believe that directors with CEO or senior officer experience provide valuable insights. These individuals have a demonstrated record of leadership and a practical understanding of organizations, processes, strategy, risk and risk management, and the methods to drive change and growth. Through their service as top leaders at other companies, they also bring valuable perspectives on common issues affecting large and complex organizations. We measure operating and strategic performance by reference to financial targets. In addition, accurate financial reporting and robust auditing are critical to ConocoPhillips success. Accordingly, we seek to have a number of directors who could qualify as audit committee financial experts (as defined by SEC rules), and we expect all of our directors to be financially knowledgeable. We also believe it is important to have knowledge and experience in capital markets, both debt and equity, given our position as a large publicly traded company. We seek to have directors with significant experience in the energy industry. These directors have valuable perspective on issues specific to our business. Global Regulatory/Government Technology As a global energy company, our future success depends, in part, on how we grow our businesses outside the United States. Directors with global business or international experience provide valued perspectives on our operations. The perspectives of directors who have experience within the regulatory field are important. The energy industry is heavily regulated and directly affected by governmental actions and decisions, and we believe that directors with government experience offer valuable insight in this regard. Experience or expertise in information technology helps us pursue and achieve our business objectives. Leadership and understanding of technology, cybersecurity risk, cloud computing, scalable data analytics and big data technologies add exceptional value to our Board as we increasingly utilize our global data assets to monitor and optimize our operations. Public Company Board Service Environmental/ Sustainability Human Capital Management ConocoPhillips aspires to the highest standards of corporate governance and ethical conduct. Service on the boards and board committees of other large, publicly traded companies provides an understanding of corporate governance practices and trends and insights into: (1) board management; (2) relations between the Board, the CEO and senior management; (3) agenda setting; and (4) succession planning. We believe this experience supports our goals of strong board and management accountability, transparency and protection of stockholder interests. Our sustainable development approach is integrated into ConocoPhillips planning and decision-making. Directors who have experience with sustainability, including through leadership roles in our industry, strengthen the Board s oversight and ensure that strategic business essentials and long-term value creation for stockholders are achieved with a responsible, sustainable business model which fosters a stable and healthy environment for tomorrow and proactively addresses stakeholder interests. We could not execute our differential strategy without employees, which is why we value directors with experience in effectively engaging, developing, motivating, retaining and rewarding employees and with experience in managing workplace culture. 16 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Nominee Skills Matrix Nominee Skills CEO or senior officer Finan cial reporting Industry Global Reg u la tory/ govern ment Tech nology Public com pany board ser vice Envi ron mental/ sus tain ability Human cap ital man age ment Nominee and Primary Occupation Other Current U.S. Public Company Directorships Dir. Since Age* Indep. Dennis V. Arriola Former Chief Executive Officer, Avangrid, Inc. Commercial Metals Company 2022 65 Nelda J. Connors Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Pine Grove Holdings Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc Otis Worldwide Corporation Zebra Technologies Corporation 2024 60 Gay Huey Evans CBE Former Chairman, London Metal Exchange 2013 71 Jeffrey A. Joerres Former Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ManpowerGroup Inc. Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. The Western Union Company 2018 66 Ryan M. Lance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ConocoPhillips Freeport-McMoRan, Inc. 2012 63 Timothy A. Leach Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Concho Resources Inc. Halliburton Company 2021 66 Kathleen A. McGinty Vice President and Chief Sustainability and External Relations Officer, Johnson Controls International plc 2025 62 William H. McRaven Retired U.S. Navy Four-Star Admiral (SEAL) 2018 70 Sharmila Mulligan Former Chief Strategy Officer, Alteryx 2017 60 Arjun N. Murti Partner, Veriten LLC Liberty Energy Inc. 2015 57 Robert A. Niblock Lead Director Former Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Lowe s Companies, Inc. PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2010 63 David T. Seaton Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Fluor Corporation The Mosaic Company Newmont Corporation 2020 64 R.A. Walker Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation 2020 69 * As of April 1, 2026 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Generally, the Committee on Directors Affairs identifies candidates through business and organizational contacts of the directors and management, though third-party search firms occasionally assist as well. Stockholders are also welcome to recommend director candidates for consideration. If you wish to recommend a candidate for nomination to the Board, please follow the procedures described under Submission of Future Stockholder Proposals and Nominations on page 122 for nominations made directly by a stockholder. Candidates recommended by stockholders are evaluated on the same basis as all other candidates. At the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, 12 of the 13 current nominees for directors were elected. The Committee on Directors Affairs recommended and the Board concurred in electing Ms. Kathleen A. McGinty to the Board on July 1, 2025. Ms. McGinty was identified as part of the Committee on Directors Affairs regular process for identifying potential director nominees. Ms. McGinty was identified through a third-party search firm. What vote is required to approve this proposal? Each nominee requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting; the number of votes cast for a director must exceed the number of votes cast against that director. In a contested election (if the number of nominees exceeded the number of directors to be elected), directors would be elected by the vote of a plurality of the shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. What if a Director Nominee does not receive a majority of the votes cast? If a nominee who is serving as a director is not elected at the Annual Meeting and no one else is elected in place of that director, then, under Delaware law, the director continues to serve on the Board as a holdover director. However, under our By-Laws, a holdover director is required to tender a resignation to the Board. The Committee on Directors Affairs then would consider the resignation and recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject it or whether some other action should be taken. The Board would then make a decision, without participation by the holdover director. The Board is required to disclose publicly (by a news release, filing with the SEC or other broadly disseminated means of communication) its decision regarding the tendered resignation and the rationale behind that decision within 90 days from the date the election results are certified. 18 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Who are this year s Director Nominees? The following 13 directors are standing for election to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Each of the director nominees is a current director. Committee membership is effective as of May 11, 2026. Dennis V. Arriola ConocoPhillips Committees: Former Chief Executive Officer, Avangrid, Inc. Age: 65 Director Since: September 2022 Audit and Finance Committee Human Resources and Compensation Committee Mr. Arriola is an Operating Partner at Sandbrook Capital. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Avangrid, Inc. from 2020 until 2022. He joined Avangrid from Sempra Energy, a publicly traded energy infrastructure company, where he served as Executive Vice President and Group President, and Chief Sustainability Officer. Throughout his career, Mr. Arriola has served in a broad range of leadership positions in gas and electric utilities as well as renewables, including as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Southern California Gas Co., Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of both San Diego Gas Electric and Southern California Gas Co., Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations for Sempra, and Regional Vice President and General Manager of Sempra s South American operations. Mr. Arriola serves on the Board of Directors of Commercial Metals Company and the Automobile Club of Southern California. He previously served on the boards of Avangrid, Inc., Meritage Homes, the California Latino Economic Institute, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the California Business Roundtable, the Edison Electric Institute, and the boards of several Sempra operating companies, including Infraestructura Energ tica Nova, a publicly traded company in Mexico, Luz del Sur SAA, a publicly traded company in Peru, and Chilquinta Energ a in Chile. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Arriola s extensive experience in the energy sector, including leadership positions in companies with global operations in gas and electric utilities as well as renewables, brings valuable perspective to the Board. The Board believes that his career experience, including in sustainability, will greatly enhance the Board s ability to guide ConocoPhillips in executing its strategy. Other current U.S. public company directorships: Commercial Metals Company CEO or senior officer Financial reporting Industry Global Regulatory/government Public company board service Environmental/sustainability Human capital management 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Nelda J. Connors ConocoPhillips Committees: Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Pine Grove Holdings Age: 60 Director Since: September 2024 Audit and Finance Committee Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Ms. Connors is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, a woman- and minority-owned privately held investment company. Prior to founding Pine Grove Holdings in 2011, Ms. Connors served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Atkore International Group Inc., a manufacturer of electrical, safety and infrastructure products, from 2008 to 2010 while Atkore was a division of Tyco International and from 2010 to 2011 following Atkore s spin-off as a separate, privately held entity. Ms. Connors held various managerial positions for Eaton Corporation, a diversified industrial manufacturer, overseeing the operations of multiple divisions and products across various geographic regions. Prior to Eaton, she held various executive and managerial roles in the automotive industry. Ms. Connors serves on the boards of Carnival plc, Otis Worldwide Corporation, Zebra Technologies Corporation and Arconic Corporation. She previously served on the boards, including in various committee roles, of Baker Hughes Company, Boston Scientific Corporation, BorgWarner Inc., EnerSys Inc., Delphi Technologies plc, Case New Holland Industrial N.V., and Echo Global Logistics, Inc. In addition, she served as an Advisor to the U.S. Board of Directors of Nissan Motor Corporation and on the Advisory Board for Queen s Gambit Special Purpose Acquisition Company. Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Connors extensive experience in the industrial and manufacturing industries, as well as her experience sitting on multiple public company boards, brings valuable expertise on operational excellence and corporate finance to the Board. Other current U.S. public company directorships: Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc Otis Worldwide Corporation Zebra Technologies Corporation CEO or senior officer Financial reporting Global Public company board service Human capital management 20 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Gay Huey Evans CBE ConocoPhillips Committees: Former Chairman, London Metal Exchange Age: 71 Director Since: March 2013 Committee on Directors Affairs Human Resources and Compensation Committee Ms. Huey Evans is the former Chairman of the Board of Directors of the London Metal Exchange. She was a member of His Majesty s Treasury Board, Sub-Committee, and Nominations Committee and a non-executive director of S P Global Inc. She currently serves as an Advisor of Secro Inc. and as Trustee of Benjamin Franklin House, and was previously an Advisor of Quantexa Ltd. and a Senior Advisor of Chatham House. She was also Vice Chairman, Investment Banking and Investment Management at Barclays Capital from 2008 to 2010, head of governance of Citi Alternative Investments (EMEA) from 2007 to 2008 and President of Tribeca Global Management (Europe) Ltd. from 2005 to 2007, both part of Citigroup. From 1998 to 2005, she was director of the markets division and head of the capital markets sector at the U.K. Financial Services Authority. She previously held various senior management positions with Bankers Trust Company in New York and London. Ms. Huey Evans previously served on the boards of S P Global Inc., IHS Markit, Itau BBA International Limited, Aviva plc, The London Stock Exchange Group plc, Falcon Private Wealth Ltd, and Standard Chartered plc. She also previously served as Trustee of the Beacon Awards, which celebrate British philanthropy and as Trustee of Wellbeing of Women, where she was Chair of the Investment Committee. Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Huey Evans in-depth knowledge of, and insight into, global capital markets from her extensive experience in the international financial services industry brings valuable expertise to ConocoPhillips businesses. Ms. Huey Evans was awarded a CBE in 2021 for services to the economy and philanthropy, and an OBE in 2016 for services to financial services and diversity. She is a passionate advocate for ensuring markets build trust through accessibility and transparency and for increased diversity in business. CEO or senior officer Financial reporting Global Regulatory/government Public company board service 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Jeffrey A. Joerres ConocoPhillips Committees: Former Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ManpowerGroup Inc. Age: 66 Director Since: July 2018 Committee on Directors Affairs Executive Committee Human Resources and Compensation Committee (Chair) Mr. Joerres served as Chief Executive Officer of ManpowerGroup Inc. from 1999 to 2014, as Chairman of the Board from 2001 to 2014 and as Executive Chairman from May 2014 to December 2015. Mr. Joerres joined ManpowerGroup in 1993 and served as Vice President of Marketing and Senior Vice President of European Operations and Marketing and Major Account Development. He currently serves on the boards of The Western Union Company and Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Mr. Joerres also serves as a Senior Advisor for Apollo Global Management. He previously served as a director of Johnson Controls International plc and Artisan Funds, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Joerres is on the board of the Green Bay Packers and Kohler Co. Mr. Joerres is a former Director and Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and previously served on the board of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Milwaukee. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Joerres s extensive global leadership, human capital management experience and substantial involvement on both public and private boards enable him to provide guidance to the Board with respect to ConocoPhillips people and operations. Other current U.S. public company directorships: Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. The Western Union Company CEO or senior officer Financial reporting Global Regulatory/government Public company board service Human capital management 22 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Ryan M. Lance ConocoPhillips Committees: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ConocoPhillips Age: 63 Director Since: April 2012 Executive Committee (Chair) Mr. Lance was appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in May 2012, having previously served as Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production International since May 2009. Mr. Lance previously served as President, Exploration and Production Europe, Asia, Africa and the Middle East from September 2007 to April 2009. From February 2007 to September 2007, he served as Senior Vice President, Technology, and prior to that, Mr. Lance served as Senior Vice President, Technology and Major Projects beginning in 2006. He served as President, Downstream Strategy, Integration and Specialty Businesses from 2005 to 2006. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Lance s service as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ConocoPhillips makes him well qualified to serve both as a director and Chairman of the Board. Mr. Lance s extensive experience in the industry as an executive in our exploration and production businesses and as the global representative of ConocoPhillips makes his service as a director invaluable. Other current U.S. public company directorships: Freeport-McMoRan, Inc. CEO or senior officer Industry Global Regulatory/government Public company board service Environmental/sustainability Human capital management 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Timothy A. Leach ConocoPhillips Committees: Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Concho Resources Inc. Age: 66 Director Since: January 2021 Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Mr. Leach previously served as Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer for ConocoPhillips until August 31, 2025, a role he assumed in May 2022, following his tenure as Executive Vice President, Lower 48. Prior to joining ConocoPhillips, Mr. Leach served as chairman and chief executive officer of Concho Resources Inc. from its formation in February 2006, until its acquisition by ConocoPhillips in January 2021. During his time at Concho, Mr. Leach also served as president from July 2009 until May 2017. Mr. Leach serves on the board of Halliburton Company. He previously served as an appointed member of the Texas A M University System Board of Regents from 2017 to 2023 and served as Chairman from 2021 to 2023. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Leach brings invaluable contributions to the Board with his extensive industry experience and valuable expertise in strategic leadership of a public company. Other current U.S. public company directorships: Halliburton Company CEO or senior officer Financial reporting Industry Regulatory/government Public company board service Environmental/sustainability Human capital management 24 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Kathleen ( Katie ) A. McGinty ConocoPhillips Committees: Vice President and Chief Sustainability and External Relations Officer, Johnson Controls International plc Age: 62 Director since: July 2025 Audit and Finance Committee Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Ms. McGinty has served as Vice President and Chief Sustainability and External Relations Officer at Johnson Controls International plc since 2019, and is Chairman of the Johnson Controls Foundation. Throughout her career, Ms. McGinty has worked in both the public and private sector and served on the highest levels of U.S. federal and state governments. She served as chair of the White House Council on Environmental Quality, Deputy Assistant to President Clinton, Pennsylvania Secretary of Environmental Protection and chair of the Pennsylvania Energy Development Authority. Ms. McGinty serves on the Board of Directors of MN8 Energy and the Foundation for Energy Security and Innovation and on the Steering Committee of Greenhouse Gas Protocol. She also serves on the boards of the American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy and the Carnegie Mellon Scott Institute for Energy Innovation. Ms. McGinty previously served on the boards of Iberdrola and NRG Energy. Skills and Qualifications: Ms. McGinty s leadership on sustainability and experience in the private sector and in many key government positions brings a valuable perspective to the Board. CEO or senior officer Industry Global Regulatory/government Technology Public company board service Environmental/sustainability Human capital management 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies William H. McRaven ConocoPhillips Committees: Retired U.S. Navy Four-Star Admiral (SEAL) Age: 70 Director Since: October 2018 Audit and Finance Committee Human Resources and Compensation Committee William H. McRaven is a Senior Advisor at Lazard Financial. He is also a retired U.S. Navy Four-Star Admiral (SEAL) and the former Chancellor of the University of Texas System. During his time in the military, he commanded special operations forces at every level, eventually taking charge of all U.S. Special Operations. His military career included combat during Desert Storm and both the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. As the Chancellor of the University of Texas System from January 2014 until May 2018, he led one of the nation s largest and most respected systems of higher education, with over 230,000 students and 100,000 faculty, staff and health care professionals. Mr. McRaven is a recognized national authority on U.S. foreign policy and has advised Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama and other U.S. leaders on defense issues. He currently serves on the Advisory Board of Haveli Investments and formerly served on the Advisory Board of Palantir Technologies Inc. He also serves on the Council on Foreign Relations, the National Football Foundation, the International Crisis Group, and The Mission Continues. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. McRaven s international, logistical and administrative experience brings valuable expertise on global business issues and government relations to the Board. CEO or senior officer Financial reporting Global Regulatory/government Human capital management 26 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Sharmila Mulligan ConocoPhillips Committees: Former Chief Strategy Officer, Alteryx Age: 60 Director Since: July 2017 Audit and Finance Committee Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Ms. Mulligan served as the Chief Strategy Officer at Alteryx from April 2019 to August 2021 following the company s acquisition of ClearStory Data, where she served as Founder and Chief Executive Officer since its inception in September 2011. From 2009 to 2011, Ms. Mulligan served as Executive Vice President for Aster Data Systems, Inc. until its acquisition by Teradata Corporation. Prior to Aster Data, Ms. Mulligan was a Vice President of Software Solutions for HP Inc. Prior to HP, Ms. Mulligan was Executive Vice President of Products and Marketing at Opsware Inc. from 2002 until its eventual acquisition by HP in 2007. Prior to Opsware Inc., Ms. Mulligan led product management and held vice president positions at Netscape Communications, Microsoft and General Magic. Ms. Mulligan serves as Strategic Advisor to Veriten LLC. She also serves on the Advisory Board and Board of Visitors at Northwestern University and is an advisor to numerous enterprise software and consumer technology companies. Ms. Mulligan previously served on the Board of Directors of Lattice Engines, Inc. until its acquisition. Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Mulligan s experience in key aspects of artificial intelligence, cloud computing, scalable data analytics, and a broad range of big data technologies plus Internet of Things adds exceptional value to the Board. Her experience as a CEO enables her to provide the Board with beneficial strategic leadership qualities. CEO or senior officer Financial reporting Technology Human capital management 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Arjun N. Murti ConocoPhillips Committees: Partner, Veriten LLC Age: 57 Director Since: January 2015 Audit and Finance Committee (Chair) Executive Committee Human Resources and Compensation Committee Mr. Murti is a Partner at Veriten LLC and a Senior Advisor at Warburg Pincus. He previously served as a partner at Goldman Sachs from 2006 to 2014. Prior to becoming partner, he served as Managing Director from 2003 to 2006 and as Vice President from 1999 to 2003. During his time at Goldman Sachs, Mr. Murti worked as a sell-side equity research analyst covering the energy sector. He was Co-Director of Equity Research for the Americas from 2011 to 2014. Previously, Mr. Murti held equity analyst positions at JP Morgan Investment Management from 1995 to 1999 and at Petrie Parkman from 1992 to 1995. Mr. Murti serves on the Board of Directors of Liberty Energy Inc. He also serves on the advisory boards of ClearPath and Columbia Center on Global Energy Policy, and as a board observer to Welligence Energy Analytics. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Murti brings to the Board a deep understanding of financial oversight and accountability with his experience as a Partner at Goldman Sachs. He has spent more than 30 years in the financial services industry with an extensive focus, both domestic and global, on the energy industry. This experience provides the Board with valuable insight into financial management and analysis. Other current U.S. public company directorships: Liberty Energy Inc. Financial reporting Industry Global Public company board service Environmental/sustainability Human capital management 28 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Robert A. Niblock, Lead Director ConocoPhillips Committees: Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Lowe s Companies, Inc. Age: 63 Director Since: February 2010 Lead Director Since: May 2019 Committee on Directors Affairs (Chair) Executive Committee Human Resources and Compensation Committee Mr. Niblock served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Lowe s Companies, Inc. from January 2005 until July 2018 and as President of Lowe s from 2011 until July 2018, after having served in that role from 2003 to 2006. Mr. Niblock became a member of the Board of Directors of Lowe s when he was named Chairman-and CEO-elect in 2004. Mr. Niblock joined Lowe s in 1993 and during his career with the company, he also served as Vice President and Treasurer, Senior Vice President and Executive Vice President and CFO. Before joining Lowe s, Mr. Niblock had a nine-year career with accounting firm Ernst Young. Mr. Niblock serves on the Board of Directors of PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. He previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. from 2020 to 2025 and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Retail Industry Leaders Association from 2003 until 2018. He also served as its Secretary from 2012 until 2018, as its Chairman in 2008 and 2009 and as Vice Chairman in 2006 and 2007. Skills and Qualifications: The Board values his experience as a CEO and in financial reporting matters. Mr. Niblock s experience as a CEO of a large public company allows him to provide the Board with valuable operational and financial expertise. Other current U.S. public company directorships: PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. CEO or senior officer Financial reporting Public company board service Human capital management 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies David T. Seaton ConocoPhillips Committees: Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Fluor Corporation Age: 64 Director Since: March 2020 Committee on Directors Affairs Executive Committee Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (Chair) Mr. Seaton was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Fluor Corporation until 2019. He became CEO and joined Fluor s board of directors in February 2011 and was elected to the role of Chairman of the Board in February 2012. Mr. Seaton held numerous positions in both operations and sales globally since joining the company in 1985. Mr. Seaton serves on the Board of Directors of The Mosaic Company, Newmont Corporation and Salas O Brien. He also serves as a Senior Advisor for the Boston Consulting Group s Infrastructure Practice and 8VC Enterprises LLC. He has served in leadership positions of numerous business associations, including the Business Roundtable, the International Business Council, the American Petroleum Institute, the U.S.-Saudi Arabian Business Council, and the National Association of Manufacturers. In 2011, he was appointed by the U.S. Secretary of Energy to serve as a member of the National Petroleum Council. Mr. Seaton is the former Chairman of the National Board of Governors of the Boys and Girls Clubs of America and previously served in leadership positions for the Boys and Girls Clubs of America. Skills and Qualifications: As a former CEO of a multinational engineering and construction company, Mr. Seaton brings valuable experience and expertise in operational and financial matters. The Board believes Mr. Seaton s international business experience with global issues facing a large, multinational public company makes him well qualified to serve as a member of the Board. Other current U.S. public company directorships: The Mosaic Company Newmont Corporation CEO or senior officer Financial reporting Industry Global Regulatory/government Public company board service Environmental/sustainability Human capital management 30 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies R.A. Walker ConocoPhillips Committees: Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation Age: 69 Director Since: March 2020 Human Resources and Compensation Committee Committee on Directors Affairs Mr. Walker was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation until August of 2019, when the company was purchased by Occidental Petroleum. He joined Anadarko in 2005 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, later serving as President and Chief Operating Officer, before becoming CEO in 2012. Prior to his time at Anadarko, he worked in the oil and gas industry, investment and commercial banking, and as an institutional investor. Mr. Walker is currently Senior Advisor of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. He previously served on the Board of Directors of BOK Financial Corporation, CenterPoint Energy Corporation, Enable Midstream Partners, LP, and Health Care Services Corporation. Skills and Qualifications: In addition to his former role as Chairman and CEO of Anadarko, Mr. Walker has significant energy industry, commercial and investment banking, and asset management experience, as well as technology, regulatory, governmental and international business experiences. He has served on and chaired numerous boards of public and private companies, industry trade associations and philanthropic organizations, bringing a broad range of experience and expertise to the Board. CEO or senior officer Financial reporting Industry Global Regulatory/government Technology Public company board service Environmental/sustainability Human capital management FOR The Board recommends you vote FOR each nominee standing for election as director. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Board Composition and Refreshment We are continuously evaluating the overall balance of the Board, including review of longer-tenured directors with great institutional knowledge as well as new directors with fresh external viewpoints. A great deal of time, rigor and care is put into the Board refreshment process. We are pleased to announce that we added Kathleen A. McGinty to our Board on July 1, 2025. When considering candidates to fill a vacancy on the Board, the priority is finding a candidate with the necessary skills and qualifications. As part of our Board s commitment to regular renewal and refreshment: The Committee on Directors Affairs routinely and on an ongoing basis assesses the Board s composition, taking into consideration any planned retirements from the Board, as well as background, skills and experience; We conduct an annual Board and Committee assessment process; and Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that directors generally may not stand for reelection after they reach the age of 75. Four of the 13 director nominees have joined the Board in the past 5 years. The average age of our director nominees is 64 and the average tenure of our director nominees is 8 years. Board Changes in the Past 5 Years 4 new highly skilled directors have joined our Board 5 directors have left our Board Skills enhanced in the past 5 years CEO or senior officer experience Industry experience Expertise in environmental matters and sustainability Regulatory/Government 32 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Director Onboarding and Education The Board has an orientation and onboarding program for new directors and provides continuing education for all directors that is overseen by the Committee on Directors Affairs. New Director Orientation The orientation program is tailored to the needs of each new director depending on his or her level of experience serving on other boards and knowledge of ConocoPhillips and the oil and gas industry. Materials provided to new directors include information on ConocoPhillips strategic plans, financial matters, corporate governance practices, Code of Business Ethics and Conduct and other key policies and practices. The onboarding process includes a series of meetings with members of senior management and their staff for deep-dive briefings on ConocoPhillips operations and financial strategies and SPIRIT Values. In addition, the orientation program includes a visit to ConocoPhillips headquarters. Continuing Director Education Continuing director education is provided during portions of Board and committee meetings and is focused on topics necessary to assist directors in fulfilling their duties, including regular reviews of compliance and corporate governance developments; business-specific learning opportunities through site visits and Board meetings and briefing sessions on topics that present special risks and opportunities to ConocoPhillips. Education often takes the form of white papers covering timely subjects or topics. As part of the Board s annual evaluation process, directors are asked to identify areas where they feel continuing education would be helpful. Director Education Seminars Directors may attend educational seminars and programs sponsored by external organizations. ConocoPhillips covers the reasonable expenses for a director s participation in outside continuing education approved by the Committee on Directors Affairs. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1: Election of Directors and Director Biographies Board and Committee Evaluations Each year, the Board performs a rigorous full Board evaluation, and each director performs a self-evaluation and an evaluation of each of his or her peers. Generally, the evaluation process described below is managed by the Corporate Secretary s office with oversight by the Committee on Directors Affairs. When appropriate, the Committee on Directors Affairs may decide to retain an independent third party to manage the evaluation process for enhanced refreshment and transparency. 1 Evaluation Questionnaires Formal opportunity for directors to identify potential improvements. Solicit candid feedback from each director regarding the performance and effectiveness of the Board, its committees and individual directors. 2 Individual Interviews Lead Director has an in-depth conversation with each member of the Board. 3 Review of Feedback Lead Director reviews questionnaire and interview responses with Committee on Directors Affairs. Lead Director reviews questionnaire and interview responses with full Board in executive session. 4 Use of Feedback The Committee on Directors Affairs develops recommendations. The Committee on Directors Affairs and the Lead Director identify areas for improvement of individual directors and of the Board as a whole. The Committee on Directors Affairs uses the results of individual director evaluations as a part of the nomination process for the next annual meeting. 5 Changes Implemented As a result of this evaluation process, the Board has strengthened its structure and procedures in the following ways over the past few years: achieved successful transitions of committee leadership roles; provided more materials as pre-read to improve efficiencies at meetings and allow more time for discussion and deliberation; more robust committee reports to the full Board; individual director coaching; and added new highly skilled directors to enhance the Board s composition. In addition to participating in the full Board evaluation, members of each committee also complete a detailed questionnaire annually to evaluate how well the committee is operating and to suggest improvements. Each committee s Chair summarizes the responses and reviews them with the members of each respective committee. The Committee on Directors Affairs reviews these evaluation processes annually and develops any changes it deems necessary to maintain best practices. 34 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips The Committee on Directors Affairs and our Board annually review our governance structure, taking into account any changes in Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) rules, as well as current best practices. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines address the matters shown below, among others. Director qualifications Director responsibilities Board committees Director access to officers, employees and independent advisors Director compensation and stock ownership requirements Director orientation and continuing education Chief Executive Officer evaluation and management succession planning Board performance evaluations The Corporate Governance Guidelines are posted on our website at www.conocophillips.com under Investors Corporate Governance and are available in print upon request (see Available Information and Q A about the Annual Meeting and Voting beginning on page 123 ). Board Leadership Structure Board Overview Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Ryan M. Lance Lead Director: Robert A. Niblock Active engagement by all directors Eleven of our 13 director nominees are independent All members of the Audit and Finance Committee, Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and Committee on Directors Affairs are independent Annual Evaluation of Leadership Structure and Annual Election of Independent Lead Director ConocoPhillips believes that independent board oversight is an essential component of strong corporate performance and enhances stockholder value. The Board believes there is no single organizational model that is the best and most effective in all circumstances. As a result, the Board periodically considers whether the offices of Chairman and CEO should be combined or separated and who should serve in such capacities. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board chooses its Chairman based on what is in the best interest of ConocoPhillips and our stockholders. The Chairman and CEO may, but need not, be the same person. As part of its annual review and evaluation process, the Board reviews its leadership structure and whether combining or separating the roles of Chairman and CEO is in the best interest of ConocoPhillips and our stockholders. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that, in the event the Board determines that it is in the best interest of ConocoPhillips and its stockholders for the offices of Chairman and CEO to be held by the same person (or in the event the office of Chairman is not held by the CEO, but is nonetheless not independent), an independent lead director must be selected from among the non-employee directors. The Board will continue to reexamine its corporate governance policies and leadership structures on an ongoing basis to ensure that they continue to meet our needs. 2026 Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Why We Believe in Our Leadership Structure In 2025, the Board reviewed our leadership structure and determined that continuing with a combined Chairman and CEO, with our independent Lead Director, continues to be in the best interest of ConocoPhillips and our stockholders. The Board believes its current structure and processes ensure our Chairman and CEO is positioned to guide the Board in setting priorities for ConocoPhillips and addressing the risks and challenges we face; this provides for robust, effective and independent oversight of management by the Board and our independent Lead Director. Ryan M. Lance Robert A. Niblock Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lead Director (Since May 2019) Possesses extensive knowledge and deep understanding of the business and challenges we face. Facilitates timely deliberation by the Board of items of the highest priority through his day-to-day insight into our challenges and opportunities. Promotes unity and reliability through consistent leadership direction internally and externally. Serves as a bridge between the Board and management, promoting collaboration while ensuring oversight. Positioned to most effectively execute the strategy for the business to maximize stockholder value. Proven successful in leading ConocoPhillips through business cycles and major transactions, including subsequent integration of acquired businesses. Extensive experience serving on public company boards provides strong background in corporate governance. Deep understanding of our business and extensive institutional knowledge having served as an active director since 2010, including rotations on all of the Committees of the Board. Respected by management and the other Directors, promoting a collaborative environment for decision-making, while enabling strong oversight of executive leadership. Strong working relationship with our Chairman and CEO. Deeply invested in ensuring the effectiveness and independence of the Board, holding in-depth conversations with each director as part of the annual evaluation process. The Board consists of 11 independent directors. Furthermore, each of the Audit and Finance, Human Resources and Compensation, and Directors Affairs committees is made up entirely of independent directors. The Chairs of the Board s committees establish their agendas and review their committee materials in advance of meetings, conferring with other directors and members of management as each deems appropriate. Moreover, each director is free to suggest agenda items and to raise matters that are not on the agenda at Board and committee meetings. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require our Lead Director to preside over an executive session of the non-employee directors at every meeting. Each executive session may include a discussion of the performance of the Chairman and CEO, matters concerning the relationship of the Board with the Chairman and CEO and other members of senior management, and such other matters as the non-employee directors deem appropriate. In addition, our Lead Director presides over a meeting of our independent directors at least once a year as required by the NYSE rules. No formal action of the Board is taken at these executive sessions, although the non-employee directors may subsequently recommend matters for consideration by the full Board. The Board may invite guest attendees for the purpose of making presentations, responding to questions by the directors or providing counsel on specific matters within their areas of expertise. 36 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Lead Director s Responsibilities: Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the Board, and manages the discussion with the Chairman following such executive sessions. Serves as liaison between the Chairman and the non-employee directors. Advises the Chairman of the Board s informational needs and ensures appropriate information is provided to the Board. In consultation with the Chairman, approves meeting agendas for the Board. Approves meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items. Has authority to call meetings of the non-employee directors. Approves the retention of consultants that report directly to the Board. Ensures that the Board s self-assessments are conducted annually to promote efficient and effective Board performance and functioning. Evaluates the performance of the CEO in consultation with the Chair of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee. If requested by stockholders, after consulting with the Chairman and CEO, ensures that he or she will be available for appropriate engagements with those stockholders. Board Independence The Corporate Governance Guidelines contain director independence standards that are consistent with the standards set forth in the NYSE Listed Company Manual to assist the Board in determining the independence of ConocoPhillips non-employee directors. Under such standards, the Board has determined that all non-employee directors, other than Timothy A. Leach, meet the standards regarding independence set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines and are free of any material relationship with ConocoPhillips (either directly or indirectly as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with ConocoPhillips). In making such determination, the Board specifically considered the fact that many of our directors may be directors, retired officers and stockholders of companies with which we conduct business. In addition, some of our directors may serve as employees of, or consultants or advisors to, companies that do business with ConocoPhillips and its affiliates. In all cases, the Board determined that the nature of the business conducted and the interest of the director by virtue of such position were immaterial both to ConocoPhillips and to the director. In recommending that each non-employee director, other than Timothy A. Leach, is independent, our Board, with input from the Committee on Directors Affairs, considered relationships that, while not constituting related-party transactions in which a director had a direct or indirect material interest, nonetheless involved transactions between ConocoPhillips and a company with which a director is affiliated, whether through employment status or by virtue of serving as a director. Included in the Committee s review were the following transactions, which occurred in the ordinary course of business. In all instances, it was determined that the nature of the business conducted and the dollar amounts involved were immaterial, both to ConocoPhillips and the relevant counterparty, and fell within independence standards set forth in the ConocoPhillips Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Director Matters Considered Dennis V. Arriola Ordinary course business transactions with Commercial Metals Company Gay Huey Evans CBE Ordinary course business transactions with S P Global Inc. Kathleen A. McGinty Ordinary course business transactions with Johnson Controls International plc Arjun N. Murti Ordinary course business transactions with Liberty Energy Services Robert A. Niblock Ordinary course business transactions with PNC Financial Services David T. Seaton Ordinary course business transactions with Boston Consulting Group 2026 Proxy Statement 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Related Party Transactions In accordance with SEC and NYSE rules, we maintain a policy on related party transactions ( Related Party Transaction Policy ), which requires the Audit and Finance Committee to review all Reportable Related Party Transactions in advance. A Reportable Related Party Transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which: We (or one of our subsidiaries) was, is or will be a participant; The aggregate amount involved exceeds $120,000 in any fiscal year; and Any person who is, or at any time since the beginning of ConocoPhillips last fiscal year was, an executive officer, director, director nominee or holder of at least 5% of our equity securities (each a Covered Person ), or any of such Covered Person s immediate family members, had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. In accordance with the Related Party Transaction Policy, Covered Persons are required to identify business and financial affiliations involving themselves or their immediate family members that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a Reportable Related Party Transaction. Based on this information, our legal staff, in consultation with the finance team, performs the necessary diligence to determine whether any such Reportable Related Party Transaction exists or will exist, once completed. Upon determining that a transaction is or will be a Reportable Related Party Transaction, all relevant facts and circumstances are presented to the Audit and Finance Committee, which reviews transactions for materiality and determines whether the transaction is in the best interest of ConocoPhillips, before either approving or disapproving it. In making its decision, the Audit and Finance Committee considers whether the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party and the extent of the Covered Person s interest in the transaction, taking into account the conflicts of interest provisions of ConocoPhillips Code of Business Ethics and Conduct and such other factors as it believes are relevant. The Audit and Finance Committee shall prohibit any transactions that it determines are inconsistent with the interests of ConocoPhillips and its stockholders. The Audit and Finance Committee approved the following Reportable Related Party Transactions: Cameron J. Smith, son-in-law of William L. Bullock, Jr., our former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, was employed in a non-executive position. The aggregate value of the compensation paid or accrued to Mr. Smith during fiscal year 2025 was approximately $545,209, consisting of salary (including location premium), annual incentive (earned in fiscal 2025 and paid in fiscal 2026), restricted stock units and employee awards. In addition, Mr. Smith received the standard benefits provided to other non-executive ConocoPhillips employees for his services during fiscal year 2025. Mr. Smith terminated employment at the end of 2025 as part of a staffing reduction and received severance benefits commensurate with those provided to similarly situated terminated employees. Those benefits were paid in 2026 and are included in the figure above. In addition, his previously disclosed restricted stock units were vested and settled as a result of his termination, and he became entitled to a distribution of his company retirement plan benefits. Shane Sirdashney, son of Heather G. Hrap, our Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Real Estate and Facilities Services, was employed in a non-executive position. The aggregate value of the compensation paid or accrued to Mr. Sirdashney during fiscal year 2025 was approximately $163,309, consisting of salary (including location premium), annual incentive (earned in fiscal 2025 and paid in 2026), restricted stock units and employee awards. In addition, Mr. Sirdashney received the standard benefits provided to other non-executive ConocoPhillips employees for his services during fiscal year 2025. Timothy A. Leach continues to serve as a director and also served as an employee of the company until August 31, 2025, but not as an executive officer. Mr. Leach received compensation from the company for the services he provided as an employee from January 1, 2025 through August 31, 2025. Starting in September of 2025 Mr. Leach was compensated for his continued services as a non-employee director. The compensation he received as an employee in 2025 is summarized in footnote (2) beginning on page 53 and the compensation he received as a non-employee director is summarized in the tables with the other non-employee directors beginning on page 53 . 38 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Board Meetings and Committees The Board met six times in 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the Board and applicable committee meetings held in 2025. The Board has five standing committees: The Executive Committee The Audit and Finance Committee The Human Resources and Compensation Committee The Committee on Directors Affairs The Public Policy and Sustainability Committee The Board determined that all of the members of the Audit and Finance Committee, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and the Committee on Directors Affairs are independent directors within the meaning of SEC regulations, the listing standards of the NYSE, and ConocoPhillips Corporate Governance Guidelines. Each committee, other than the Executive Committee, conducts an annual self-evaluation as described under Board and Committee Evaluations on page 34 . The charters for our standing committees can be found on ConocoPhillips website at www.conocophillips.com under Investors Corporate Governance Committees. Stockholders may request printed copies of these charters by following the instructions under Available Information and Q A About the Annual Meeting and Voting beginning on page 123 . The committee memberships as of May 11, 2026, and the respective primary responsibilities of each committee, as well as the number of meetings each committee held in 2025, are shown below. Executive 2025 meetings | 1 Ryan M. Lance, Chair Members Jeffrey A. Joerres Arjun N. Murti Robert A. Niblock David T. Seaton Primary responsibilities The Executive Committee is chaired by the Chairman and CEO. The Executive Committee is also comprised of the Lead Director and each of the Chairs of the other standing committees. Exercises the authority of the full Board between Board meetings on all matters other than: 1) those matters expressly delegated to another committee of the Board; (2) the adoption, amendment or repeal of any of our By-Laws; and (3) matters that cannot be delegated to a committee under statute or our Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws. Audit and Finance 2025 meetings | 9 Arjun N. Murti, Chair Members Dennis V. Arriola Nelda J. Connors Kathleen A. McGinty William H. McRaven Sharmila Mulligan Primary responsibilities Discusses with management, the independent auditors, and the internal auditors the integrity of ConocoPhillips accounting policies, internal controls, financial statements, financial reporting practices, and select financial matters, including our capital structure, complex financial transactions, financial risk management, retirement plans and tax planning. Reviews the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditors and the qualifications and performance of our internal auditors and chief compliance officer. Reviews our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and corporate governance, including our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct. Discusses with management and the chief compliance officer the implementation and effectiveness of ConocoPhillips global compliance and ethics program. Maintains open and direct lines of communication with the Board and our management, internal auditors, independent auditors, and the global compliance and ethics organization. Assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight of enterprise risk management, particularly with regard to: (1) market-based risks; (2) financial reporting; (3) effectiveness of information systems and cybersecurity; and (4) commercial trading. Reviews, and coordinates the review by other committees of, significant corporate risk exposures and steps management has taken to monitor, control and report such exposures. 2026 Proxy Statement 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Human Resources and Compensation 2025 meetings | 7 Jeffrey A. Joerres, Chair Members Dennis V. Arriola Gay Huey Evans CBE William H. McRaven Arjun N. Murti Robert A. Niblock R.A. Walker Primary responsibilities Oversees our executive compensation policies, plans, programs and practices and reviews our retention strategies. Assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to the fair and competitive compensation of our executives and other key employees. Together with the Lead Director, annually reviews the performance of the CEO. Annually reviews and determines compensation for the CEO and our Senior Officers. Reviews and reports to the Board regularly on the succession planning process for the CEO and senior management. Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding human capital strategies, such as leadership development and culture. Oversees our compliance with SEC rules and regulations regarding stockholder approval of certain executive compensation matters. Assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight of enterprise risk management, particularly risks in connection with compensation programs and practices and retention strategies. Directors Affairs 2025 meetings | 5 Robert A. Niblock, Chair Members Gay Huey Evans CBE Jeffrey A. Joerres David T. Seaton R.A. Walker Primary responsibilities Identifies and recommends director candidates to be submitted for election at the Annual Meeting and to fill any vacancies on the Board. Recommends committee assignments to the Board. Reviews and recommends to the Board compensation and benefits policies for non-employee directors. Monitors the orientation and continuing education programs for directors. Conducts an annual assessment of the qualifications and performance of the Board and each of the directors. Assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight of enterprise risk management, particularly risks in connection with Board succession planning, stockholder matters, and governance policies and procedures. Public Policy and Sustainability 2025 meetings | 5 David T. Seaton, Chair Members Nelda J. Connors Timothy A. Leach Kathleen A. McGinty Sharmila Mulligan Primary responsibilities Advises the Board on current and emerging domestic and international public policy issues. Assists the Board in developing and reviewing policies and budgets for charitable and political contributions. Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board on, and monitors compliance with, policies, programs and practices with regard to health, safety, security (excluding cybersecurity), environmental protection, sustainable development and climate-related trends and risks, operations risk management, government relations, political/regulatory risk management and similar matters. Assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight of enterprise risk management, particularly risks in connection with political, safety, sustainable development (social and environmental), and climate-related issues or trends that affect the company and risks related to operational integrity and public policy aspects of our business and the communities where we operate. 40 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Board Oversight of Risk Management The Board has broad oversight for our risk-management programs. In this role, the Board is responsible for ensuring that the risk-management processes designed and implemented by management are functioning as intended and that necessary steps are taken to foster a culture of prudent decision-making throughout the organization. In order to maintain effective Board oversight across the entire enterprise, the Board delegates to individual committees certain elements of its oversight function, as shown below. In addition, the Board delegates authority to the Audit and Finance Committee to manage the risk oversight efforts of the various committees. As part of this authority, the Audit and Finance Committee regularly discusses ConocoPhillips enterprise risk-management policies and facilitates appropriate coordination among committees to ensure that our risk-management programs are functioning properly. The Board receives regular updates from its committees on individual categories of risk, including strategy, reputation, operations, climate change, people, technology, investment, political, legislative, regulatory, and market, and receives a report periodically from the Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee about oversight efforts and coordination. The Board exercises its oversight function with respect to all material risks to ConocoPhillips, which are identified and discussed in our public filings with the SEC. 2026 Proxy Statement 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Managing Cybersecurity Risks Protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our infrastructure, resources and information is a critical part of risk management at ConocoPhillips, which is why we take a multilayered approach. The full Board receives a report on cybersecurity risks annually and the Audit and Finance Committee receives reports on cybersecurity risks multiple times per year. ConocoPhillips has a management-level employee with the role of Chief Information Security Officer who is responsible for overseeing the cybersecurity program and works with a cybersecurity team, including employees responsible for information technology and operational technology (IT/OT) Security Architecture and the Cyber Security Operations Center (CSOC), which is responsible for detection, investigation and response to cybersecurity incidents (collectively, the IT/OT Security Team ). The IT/OT Security Team has a Computer Security Incident Response Plan (CSIRP), which governs the company s response to cybersecurity incidents. These processes and plans include escalation based on a defined incident categorization to the IT/OT Security Team, senior managers and other cybersecurity program stakeholders, including senior leadership, the Audit and Finance Committee, and internal and external legal advisors. In addition to a CSIRP, ConocoPhillips maintains a robust set of IT/OT Security policies, standards and procedures to govern our program and to identify, assess and manage the risks and effects of, and to recover from, cyber-related threats. These policies and procedures are reviewed and updated regularly to help protect and enhance our security posture. ConocoPhillips has a third-party risk management program designed to identify, assess and mitigate risks associated with third-party service providers, including cybersecurity risks. Managing Sustainability-Related Risks Our commitment to sustainability includes identifying, assessing and managing Sustainable Development (SD) risks through a process that is a mandatory, auditable, annual requirement for Business Units (BUs) and select corporate functions. The output informs the corporate enterprise risk management (ERM) system and key business-planning processes for the company, including our overarching corporate strategy. Board of Directors Executive Leadership Team Sustainable Development Leadership Team Operations Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Sustainability and Public Policy Executive Council Business Unit Presidents Function Heads Sustainable Development Team Business Unit Leadership Subject Matter Experts Functional Leadership Global SD Issues Working Groups Our comprehensive risk governance framework extends from the Board of Directors through executive and senior management to the working levels in each of our BUs. This framework provides oversight of our sustainable development positions and related strategic planning and risk management policies and standards. 42 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Managing Climate-Related Risks Oil and natural gas are expected to remain essential parts of the energy supply mix in coming decades across a broad range of energy demand scenarios. We intend to maintain our key market role through remaining competitive and resilient to transition-related risks in any scenario. The objective of our Climate-related Risk Strategy is to manage climate-related risk, optimize opportunities and better equip the company to respond to evolving investor sentiment, technologies for emissions reduction, alternative energy technologies and uncertainties such as government policies. Scenario analysis is an important aspect of our strategic planning process that enables us to: Gain a better understanding of external factors that impact our business. Identify leading indicators and trends. Test the robustness of our strategy across different business environments. Communicate risks appropriately. Inform how we position our business as technologies and markets evolve. Combined with our focus on developing the lowest cost of supply resources and low GHG intensity assets, we believe our Climate-related Risk Strategy is an effective way for our company to be resilient and competitive into the future. Managing Succession Planning Risks Management succession planning is a fundamental and ongoing part of the Board s responsibilities and is reviewed by the full Board regularly. In addition, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee reviews and reports to the Board regularly on the succession-planning process for the CEO and senior management for normal course of business, both short- and long-term, and in situations for which the CEO or senior management unexpectedly become unable to perform the responsibilities of their positions. Our robust, evergreen process ensures we have the right talent in place to deliver on our strategy. Stockholder Engagement and Board Responsiveness ConocoPhillips is committed to engaging in constructive and meaningful conversations with stockholders and to building and managing long-term relationships based on mutual trust and respect. The Board values the input and insights of our stockholders and believes that consistent and effective Board-stockholder communication strengthens the Board s role as an active, informed and engaged fiduciary. Board Oversight of Engagement In an effort to continuously improve ConocoPhillips governance processes and communications, the Committee on Directors Affairs has adopted Board and Shareholder Communication and Engagement Guidelines. All directors are expected to participate in the Annual Meeting, and we anticipate that all of the director nominees will participate in the Annual Meeting in May. We also support an open and transparent process for stockholders and other interested parties to contact the Board in between annual meetings as noted under Communications with the Board of Directors on page 51 . 2026 Proxy Statement 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips The Board-Driven Stockholder Engagement Process 44 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Ongoing Engagement and Board Reporting Executives and management from ConocoPhillips investor relations, sustainable development, human resources and legal groups and, when appropriate, directors meet with stockholders regularly on a variety of topics. Management provides reports to the Board and its committees regarding the key themes and results of these conversations, including typical investor concerns and questions, emerging issues and pertinent corporate governance matters. In 2025, we actively reached out to investors owning approximately 50% of our stock to invite them to in-depth discussions with our engagement team. We gained valuable feedback during these discussions, which was shared with the Board and its relevant committees. Board Responsiveness Our Board is committed to constructive engagement with investors. We regularly evaluate and respond to the views expressed by our stockholders. This dialogue has led to enhancements in our corporate governance, environmental, social and executive compensation activities that the Board believes are in the best interest of ConocoPhillips and our stockholders. We contacted stockholders representing approximately We held meetings with stockholders representing approximately We engaged with stockholders representing approximately 50% 24% 80% of shares outstanding of shares outstanding of our institutional investor base Our 2025 Governance Leadership Team Vice President Deputy General Counsel, Corporate Tech/IP Vice President, Investor Relations Vice President, Sustainable Development General Manager, Compensation and Benefits Independent Lead Director, Robert A. Niblock (select attendance) Topics Discussed Our strategy and value proposition Executive compensation Governance Sustainability Human capital management 2026 Proxy Statement 45 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips What We Learned Strategy Stockholders appreciated the opportunity to be updated on our strategy. Sustainability Stockholders recognized the quality of our disclosures and efforts to improve transparency. Most stockholders wanted clarity around our decision to remove the timeline around our net-zero operational emissions ambition. Stockholders expressed a strong interest in progress toward our 2030 emissions intensity targets and appreciated our Zero Routine Flaring achievements and new flaring intensity commitment. Executive Compensation Most stockholders either had no questions or concerns about our compensation or indicated support of programs and recent changes. Human Capital Management Stockholders remain interested in human capital management topics and expressed interest in succession planning. Some stockholders were interested to hear more about announced cost reductions and impacts to the workforce. Governance Stockholders were interested in our board refreshment and candidate selection process and were pleased with the election of Kathleen A. McGinty to our Board. See Board Composition and Refreshment on page 32 . For the 2026 Proxy Statement, we received a stockholder proposal asking stockholders to vote in favor of the Board adopting a policy and amending the governing documents as necessary to require that two separate people hold the office of the Chairman of the Board and the office of the CEO. In 2023, a similar proposal failed to receive significant support, with only approximately 25% of stockholders indicating support for the proposal as submitted. During engagements in 2025, a majority of our stockholders did not express concern about our current governance structure. Code of Business Ethics and Conduct ConocoPhillips has adopted a worldwide Code of Business Ethics and Conduct, which applies to all directors, officers and employees. The Code of Business Ethics and Conduct is designed to help resolve ethical issues in an increasingly complex global business environment and covers topics such as conflicts of interest, insider trading, competition and fair dealing, discrimination and harassment, confidentiality, payments to government personnel, anti-boycott laws, U.S. embargoes and sanctions, compliance procedures, employee complaint procedures, expectations for supervisors, internal investigations, use of social media, and money laundering. In accordance with good corporate governance practices, we periodically review and revise the Code of Business Ethics and Conduct as necessary. The Code of Business Ethics and Conduct is posted on our website at www.conocophillips.com under Investors Corporate Governance . Any amendments to the Code of Business Ethics and Conduct or waivers of it for our directors and executive officers will be posted on our website promptly to the extent required by law. Stockholders may request printed copies of our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct by following the instructions located under Available Information and Q A About the Annual Meeting and Voting beginning on page 123 . 46 ConocoPhillips TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Commitment to Our Culture We believe our performance is not merely about what we do, but how we do it. The way we do our work is what sets us apart and drives our performance. We run our business under a set of guiding principles we call our SPIRIT Values Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork. See Human Capital Management on page 48 . We know that our people are one of our greatest assets. Our reputation and integrity require that each employee, officer, director and those working on our behalf maintain personal responsibility for ethical business conduct. We respect one another and have created an inclusive environment that reflects the different backgrounds, experiences, ideas and perspectives of our employees. We recognize that a strong corporate culture is critical to our long-term success. Senior management is influential in defining and shaping our corporate culture and sets the expectations and tone for an ethical work environment. Our Board also provides valuable oversight in assessing and monitoring our corporate culture. ConocoPhillips has a long-standing commitment to ensuring respectful, fair and nondiscriminatory treatment for all employees and maintaining a workforce that is free from all forms of unlawful conduct. Policies and Training Board Oversight Internal Resources Investigative Processes Code of Business Ethics and Conduct; mandatory annual attestations completed by all employees. Workplace Harassment Prevention Training required for all employees. Audit and Finance Committee provides oversight to the Global Compliance Ethics ( GC E ) organization. Five regularly scheduled in-person Committee/Board meetings throughout the year, plus additional Committee meetings as needed. Compliance program activity, key metrics and aggregate investigative updates shared with the Audit and Finance Committee. Multiple avenues to seek guidance or report workplace ethical concerns. Ethics Helpline, accessible by phone or online. Employees can report concerns to supervisors or Human Resources representatives or directly to GC E. Fair and confidential investigative processes conducted by an independent investigator. Anonymous reporting always available; zero tolerance for retaliation. GC E reviews all investigation summaries and recommendations to ensure global consistency. 2026 Proxy Statement 47 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at ConocoPhillips Human Capital Management Our strategy, performance, culture and reputation are fueled by our workforce. The people of ConocoPhillips have always been the heart of our company, and we recognize that attracting, retaining and developing a world-class workforce is a competitive imperative within our complex industry. Governance Our Executive Leadership Team (ELT) and Board of Directors help set our human capital management (HCM) strategy and drive accountability for meaningful progress. Our HCM programs are managed by our human resources function with support from business leaders across the company and are regularly reviewed by the Board of Directors. Key Elements of Our HCM Strategy We depend on our workforce to successfully execute our company s strategy, and we recognize the importance of creating a workplace where our people feel valued. Our HCM approach is built around three pillars that we believe are necessary for success: a compelling culture, attracting a world-class workforce, and valuing our people. Each of these pillars is described in more detail below and is subject to oversight by the HRCC. Values and Principles Our HCM approach is based on our core SPIRIT Values and is responsive to feedback from key stakeholders. Our SPIRIT Values Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork set us apart, align our workforce and provide a foundation for our culture. These values set the tone for how we interact with all our stakeholders, internally and externally. We believe a safe organization is a successful organization and we prioritize personal and process safety across the company. A Compelling Culture Attracting a World-Class Workforce Valuing Our People SPIRIT Values guide our actions and behaviors. Performance and accountability are core to our culture, supported by consistent, fair and merit-based practices. Employee engagement surveys are used to establish meaningf