=== EQT_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
tm261383-1_nonfiling - none - 37.3634083s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 EQT Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) N/A (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter from Our CEO Dear Fellow Shareholders, You are invited to join us at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be held on Tuesday, April 14, 2026, at 9 a.m. Eastern Time. Our 2026 Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual-only meeting format by live webcast. 2025 was a defining year for American energy and for EQT. At a time when global demand for reliable, affordable, and low-emissions energy accelerated, our Qrew delivered exceptional results by executing with discipline, urgency, and purpose. We strengthened America s energy leadership on the global stage, expanded our core Appalachian footprint, and continued to prove that operational excellence and environmental responsibility are not competing priorities, but reinforcing ones. On the global front, we advanced our mission to Unleash U.S. LNG in a meaningful way. During 2025, we finalized three long-term LNG offtake agreements totaling more than 4.5 million tonnes per annum. These agreements will connect reliable, secure U.S. natural gas to end users around the world beginning in 2030 and beyond. These partnerships support cleaner air, more stable energy supplies, and a safer world, while reinforcing America s role as the world s most reliable energy supplier. At home, 2025 underscored an unmistakable truth: the next era of American innovation depends on American energy. We participated in the groundbreaking Pittsburgh Energy and Innovation Summit hosted by Senator McCormick and attended by President Trump and five Cabinet members, resulting in more than $90 billion in private investment commitments in the state. We built on that momentum with two groundbreaking natural gas agreements among the largest single-site transactions in North America. In partnership with the Frontier Group of Companies, we re supplying natural gas to the redevelopment of the Bruce Mansfield Power Plant into a next-gen gas-fired facility, powering America s energy future and Pennsylvania s economy. With Homer City Redevelopment, we re enabling the nation s largest natural gas-powered data center campus, a critical project to meet the surging demands of artificial intelligence and high-performance computing. We further strengthened EQT s leadership position in the region with the acquisition of Olympus Energy. This transaction expanded our operational footprint, enhanced our high-quality resource base, and provided additional runway to execute with the efficiency and reliability our Qrew is known for. Olympus Energy added more than 90,000 net acres of core drilling inventory, primarily in Allegheny and Westmoreland counties, and meaningfully deepens our presence in Southwest Pennsylvania. Integration was swift and decisive. Within just over a month of closing, we achieved full operational integration the fastest in our history and immediately delivered performance improvements, including drilling deep Utica wells roughly 30% faster than historical benchmarks, saving approximately $2 million per well. TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter from Our CEO Financially, our results in 2025 demonstrated the durability of our integrated model. In 2025, we generated more than $5.1 billion of net cash provided by operating activities and more than $2.9 billion of free cash flow (1) , even after transaction costs and one-time items. We used that cash flow to continue strengthening our balance sheet, reducing total debt by more than $1.5 billion and net debt by more than $1.4 billion (1) versus year-end 2024, while also returning capital to shareholders. In recognition of that strength, we increased our quarterly dividend by 5%, extending our compounded annual dividend growth rate to approximately 8% since 2022. Operationally, the Qrew once again delivered record-setting performance. In 2025, we realized per-unit operating costs of $1.05 per Mcfe (2) , among the lowest in EQT s history, and a continued testament to our integrated operating model. We set multiple company records for drilling and completions efficiency, reduced capital spending below guidance while increasing production expectations, and continued to capture synergies across our integrated upstream and midstream assets. These results were not one-off wins they reflect a repeatable execution model with a long runway ahead. Taken together, 2025 reinforced EQT s role as a cornerstone of American energy leadership. We are supplying the molecules that power economic growth, technological innovation and global security while doing so with industry-leading emissions performance and a relentless focus on efficiency. As demand for energy continues to grow, we believe that EQT is uniquely positioned to meet this moment. Thanks to the extraordinary efforts of our Qrew, we entered 2026 stronger than ever: well positioned to become a global LNG supplier of scale, the leading natural gas producer in the U.S., and a trusted partner in powering America s future. Your vote is important. We urge you to read the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement carefully and vote in accordance with the Board of Directors recommendations on all proposals. I would like to thank you personally for your continued confidence in our company. Toby Z. Rice President and Chief Executive Officer February 26, 2026 (1) Free cash flow and net debt are non-GAAP financial measures. See Appendix A for the definitions and reconciliations of, and other important information regarding, these non-GAAP financial measures. (2) Mcfe means thousand cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of natural gas liquids ( NGLs ) and oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas. TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of EQT Corporation You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of EQT Corporation. The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be a virtual-only meeting. Date and Time Virtual-only Annual Meeting Record Date Our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held on Tuesday, April 14, 2026, beginning promptly at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. The annual meeting will be accessible online, with shareholders having the ability to vote and/or submit questions, at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ EQT2026 . The close of business on February 5, 2026 is the record date for determining the shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the annual meeting and any adjournment, postponement, or continuation thereof. You are being asked to vote on the following proposals: Items of Business 1 Election of the 10 director nominees named in the proxy statement to serve a one-year term expiring at the Company s 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 2 Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation 3 Approval of a proposed amendment to the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 4 Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be a virtual meeting, conducted exclusively by live webcast. You will be able to attend and participate in the virtual 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, vote your shares electronically, and submit questions during the meeting by visiting the website address listed above on the meeting date and time described in the accompanying proxy statement. Please see the Questions and Answers About the 2026 Annual Meeting section, which provides additional information on how to participate in our virtual annual meeting. We urge each shareholder to promptly sign and return the enclosed proxy card or to use telephone or Internet voting. On behalf of the Board of Directors, Timothy C. Lulich Deputy General Counsel, Corporate and Securities and Corporate Secretary February 26, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of EQT Corporation Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to Be Held on April 14, 2026 Our proxy statement is attached. Financial and other information concerning EQT Corporation is contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Report ). The proxy statement and the 2025 Annual Report are available free of charge at www.proxyvote.com. TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Table of Contents 1 2026 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 13 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS 13 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 14 Director Nominees 19 Director Time Commitment Considerations 19 Board Meetings 19 Board Committees 20 Audit Committee 21 Corporate Governance Committee 22 Management Development and Compensation Committee 22 Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Committee 23 Board Leadership Structure 24 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 25 Enterprise Risk Management 25 Cybersecurity Risk Oversight 26 Director Nominations 26 General Process for Director Nominations 27 Shareholder Nominations 27 Our Board Composition 28 Contacting the Board 28 Governance Principles 30 Director Independence 32 Related Person Transactions 32 Review, Approval, or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 33 Governance Policy for the Management of Potential Conflicts of Interest Involving the Rice Investment Group 34 Transactions with Related Persons 37 Directors Compensation 37 Cash Compensation 38 Equity-Based Compensation 38 Equity Ownership Guidelines for Directors 39 Director Deferred Compensation 39 Other 39 2025 Directors Compensation Table 41 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 41 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 43 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 43 Executive Summary 50 Compensation Philosophy 52 The Compensation Process 54 Determining Compensation 58 2025 Compensation Decisions 66 Other Compensation Components 69 Compensation Committee Report 70 Compensation Policies and Practices and Risk Management 72 Compensation Tables 72 Summary Compensation Table 73 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 74 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 75 Option Exercised and Stock Vested 75 Pension Benefits and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 75 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control 83 PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE 83 Pay Versus Performance Table 85 Narrative Discussion of Relationship Between CAP and Financial Performance Measures 88 PAY RATIO DISCLOSURE 89 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN MATTERS 89 Proposal 3 Approval of a Proposed Amendment to the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 102 Equity Compensation Plan Information 103 AUDIT MATTERS 103 Proposal 4 Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 104 Auditor Fees 105 Report of the Audit Committee 106 EQUITY OWNERSHIP 106 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 107 Security Ownership of Management 109 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING 109 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 118 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 118 Other Matters 118 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K APPENDICES A-1 Appendix A B-1 Appendix B C-1 Appendix C TABLE OF CONTENTS Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to Be Held on April 14, 2026 We have elected to furnish our proxy statement and the 2025 Annual Report to certain of our shareholders over the Internet pursuant to the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), which allows us to reduce costs associated with the 2026 Annual Meeting. Beginning on or about March 2, 2026, we will mail to certain of our shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of proxy materials containing instructions regarding how to access our proxy statement and 2025 Annual Report online (the eProxy Notice ). The eProxy Notice contains instructions regarding how you can elect to receive printed copies of the proxy statement and the 2025 Annual Report. All other shareholders will receive printed copies of the proxy statement and the 2025 Annual Report, which will be mailed to such shareholders on or about March 2, 2026. Cautionary Statements This proxy statement contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Statements that do not relate strictly to historical or current facts are forward-looking and are usually identified by the use of words such as anticipate, estimate, could, would, will, may, forecast, approximate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, and other words of similar meaning, or the negative thereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, forward-looking statements contained in this proxy statement include the matters discussed regarding expectations of performance under compensation plans; anticipated financial and operational performance of EQT Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Company ); the Company s ability to achieve the intended operational, financial and strategic benefits from any recently completed strategic transactions; the Company s reserves estimates; the projected volume and timing of liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) offtake and tolling commitments subject to final investment decisions and the anticipated benefits of the Company s LNG offtake agreements; the Company s ability to successfully implement and execute its operational and organizational strategies, initiatives and goals, and achieve the anticipated results of such strategies, initiatives and goals (including, without limitation, the Company s financial, sustainability and safety goals and growth initiatives associated with LNG exports, midstream infrastructure and data center development). The forward-looking statements contained in this proxy statement involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The Company has based these forward-looking statements on current expectations and assumptions about future events, taking into account all information currently known by the Company. While the Company considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory, and other risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and beyond the Company s control. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: volatility of commodity prices; the costs and results of drilling and operations; uncertainties about estimates of reserves, identification of drilling locations and the ability to add proved reserves in the future; the assumptions underlying production forecasts; the quality of technical data; the Company s ability to appropriately allocate capital and other resources among its strategic opportunities; access to and cost of capital; the Company s hedging and other financial contracts; inherent hazards and risks normally incidental to drilling for, producing, transporting and storing natural gas, natural gas liquids ( NGLs ) and oil; operational risks and hazards incidental to the gathering, transmission and storage of natural gas as well as unforeseen interruptions; cyber security risks and acts of sabotage; availability and cost of drilling rigs, completion services, equipment, supplies, personnel, oilfield services and sand and water required to execute the Company s exploration and development plans, including as a result of inflationary pressures and tariffs; risks associated with operating primarily in the Appalachian Basin; the ability to obtain environmental and other permits and the timing thereof; construction, business, economic, competitive, regulatory, judicial, TABLE OF CONTENTS environmental, political and legal uncertainties related to the development and construction by the Company or its joint ventures of pipeline and storage facilities and transmission assets and the optimization of such assets; the Company s ability to renew or replace expiring gathering, transmission or storage contracts at favorable rates, on a long-term basis or at all; risks relating to the Company s joint venture arrangements; government regulation or action, including regulations pertaining to methane and other greenhouse gas emissions; negative public perception of the fossil fuels industry; increased consumer demand for alternatives to natural gas; environmental and weather risks, including the possible impacts of climate change; and disruptions to the Company s business due to recently completed or pending divestitures, acquisitions and other significant strategic transactions. These and other risks and uncertainties are described under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, and in other documents the Company files from time to time with the SEC. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and except as required by law, the Company does not intend or undertake to correct or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Websites Website addresses referenced in this proxy statement are inactive textual references only, and the content on the referenced websites specifically does not constitute a part of this proxy statement and is not incorporated by reference herein. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information about EQT Corporation ( EQT, the Company, we, us, or our ) and the upcoming 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ). As it is only a summary, please review the complete proxy statement and EQT s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Report ) before you vote. The proxy statement and the 2025 Annual Report will be first mailed or released to shareholders on or about March 2, 2026. 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Time and Date Place Record Date Tuesday, April 14, 2026 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time Virtual meeting via live webcast accessible at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ EQT2026 If you owned common stock of EQT Corporation as of the close of business on Thursday, February 5, 2026, the record date, you may vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting Admission You are entitled to attend and vote during the virtual 2026 Annual Meeting if you were an EQT shareholder as of the close of business on the record date or if you hold a valid proxy for the 2026 Annual Meeting. To participate in the 2026 Annual Meeting as an authenticated shareholder, you must visit the website address listed above and enter a valid control number for the meeting. Your control number can be found on the proxy card, notice, or email distributed to you. Anyone may attend the 2026 Annual Meeting as a guest and no control number will be required; however, only authenticated shareholders may submit their votes or questions during the virtual annual meeting. Even if you plan to attend the virtual meeting, we encourage you to vote by proxy as soon as possible. Voting Matters and Board Recommendations Agenda Item Board Voting Recommendation See Page 1 Election of 10 directors, each for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders FOR EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE 13 2 Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation FOR 41 3 Approval of a proposed amendment to the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan FOR 89 4 Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR 103 EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary How to Vote Please review the proxy statement and vote your shares as soon as possible. We offer a number of ways for you to vote your shares. Voting instructions are included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and the proxy card. If you are a beneficial owner and your shares are held by a bank, broker, or other nominee (i.e., in street name ), you should follow the voting instructions provided to you by that firm. Although most banks and brokers now offer voting by mail, telephone, and on the Internet, availability and specific procedures, including voting deadlines, will depend on their voting arrangements. We offer the following methods to vote your shares: BY TELEPHONE BY INTERNET BY MAIL VIRTUAL MEETING Call toll-free 1-800-690-6903 in the USA, US territories, or Canada Visit 24/7 www.proxyvote.com Complete, sign, and date your proxy card and send by mail in the enclosed postage-paid envelope Attend the virtual annual meeting as an authenticated shareholder and cast your vote online during the virtual meeting Have your proxy card or notice with your control number available and follow the instructions The deadline to vote by phone, or by internet, if you are not attending the virtual meeting, is 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 13, 2026 If you vote by telephone or electronically, you do not need to return a proxy card 2 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Director Nominees Our Board of Directors (the Board ) is pleased to nominate the director candidates listed below. Each director nominee has consented to being named in this proxy statement and to serve as a director if elected. Name and Principal Occupation Age Director Since Ind. Other Current Public Company Boards Current Committee Membership A CG MDC PPCR VICKY A. BAILEY President, Anderson Stratton International, LLC 73 2024 2 LEE M. CANAAN Founder and Portfolio Manager, Braeburn Capital Partners 69 2019 1 FRANK C. HU Former Investment Analyst and Vice President, Capital World Investors 64 2021 1 DR. KATHRYN J. JACKSON Former Director of Energy and Technology Consulting, KeySource, Inc. 68 2019 3 THOMAS F. KARAM Chief Executive Officer, Karbon Capital Partners 67 2024 1 JOHN F. MCCARTNEY Chairman, Quantuck Advisors LLP 73 2019 2 DANIEL J. RICE IV Chief Executive Officer, NET Power Inc. 45 2017 1 TOBY Z. RICE President and Chief Executive Officer, EQT Corporation 44 2019 ROBERT F. VAGT Former President, The Heinz Endowments 78 2024 1 HALLIE A. VANDERHIDER Former Managing Director, SFC Energy Management LP 68 2019 1 Committee Chair Committee Member Independent Chair of the Board Audit Committee Financial Expert Independent Director A Audit CG Corporate Governance MDC Management Development and Compensation PPCR Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Snapshot of Director Nominees Our director nominees are highly qualified and, collectively, bring a diverse and complementary mix of skills, experiences, and backgrounds, with independent directors comprising 80% of the Board. As reflected in the graphics below, our Board also benefits from gender and racial and ethnic diversity. (1) This chart highlights the number of directors with particular skills and experience in each area, as informed by their education, background, and professional experience. 4 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Governance Highlights Corporate Governance Practices Board Practices Shareholder-Friendly Governance Provisions Other Best Practices Independent Board Chair Each director attended 75% or more of the total number of meetings of the Board and their respective committees during 2025 Regular, frequent meetings of independent directors in executive session without EQT management present, with our independent Board Chair presiding Annual review by the Board of EQT s major risks, including, but not limited to, cybersecurity risks Corporate Governance Guidelines limit the number of other public company boards on which directors may serve (see Director Time Commitment Considerations below) All directors stand for election annually Majority voting standard for uncontested director elections Extensive and regular shareholder engagement and support Shareholder right to convene special meetings at a 25% threshold Shareholders may remove directors from office outside of the annual meeting process Proxy access right Double-trigger payout rights under long-term incentive awards, meaning that such awards do not automatically accelerate upon a change of control Meaningful equity ownership guidelines for executive officers and non-employee directors Prohibition against hedging and pledging of EQT securities by executive officers and directors Mandatory compensation recoupment or clawback policy applicable to all executive officers EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Sustainability Highlights We are committed to responsibly developing our world-class asset base in the core of the Appalachian Basin while supporting reliable natural gas supply for domestic and global demand. Our approach emphasizes safe and reliable operations, environmental stewardship, job creation, and long-term value creation for our communities and the broader economy. We recognize decarbonization as a sustainability issue impacting all industries and actively address climate-related risks and opportunities through Board and management oversight. In 2025, we advanced initiatives aligned with our strategic priorities and long-term value creation objectives. Environmental Social Governance Achieved net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions (1) in advance of our 2025 target Continued as a leading producer of certified responsibly sourced natural gas ( RSG ), having obtained certification of more than 1,300 Bcfe (2) of our production in 2025 (3) Received an OGMP 2.0 Gold Standard rating for the fourth year in a row in 2025 Recycled over 93% of our produced water during the last three years Joined Carbon Measures, a global coalition working to develop a more accurate, ledger-based carbon emissions accounting framework capable of tracking product-level emissions across the value chain, reflecting our commitment to high-quality data and transparent reporting At the request of the Sustainable Markets Initiative, CEO Toby Z. Rice joined leaders from the Oil and Gas Decarbonization Charter to brief senior U.K. stakeholders on EQT s methane reduction efforts Paid over $1 billion in royalties to local landowners in 2025 In a record-breaking year of volunteerism, EQT employees volunteered over 35,000 hours in our local communities in 2025, representing an 87% increase compared to 2024 More than $7.7 million in grants, scholarships, and matching contributions provided by the EQT Foundation in 2025 Expanded capacity-building support across our footprint by awarding more than $667,000 to 32 nonprofit organizations during our second annual Capacity Grants cycle in 2025 Continued focus on improving the safety of our employees and contractors EQT was again named a National Top Workplace for 2025 for the fifth consecutive year Active sustainability oversight by our Board: Sustainability oversight is embedded in Board committee charters The Corporate Governance Committee and the Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Committee provide oversight, guidance, and perspective on our climate risks and initiatives Our Board regularly receives reports from management regarding sustainability matters Our management-level ESG Committee, chaired by our Chief Legal and Policy Officer, meets quarterly, and is responsible for management-level oversight of sustainability matters, with the newly established environmental, social, and governance subcommittees meeting regularly to develop recommendations on our sustainability initiatives (1) EQT s net zero achievement was based on (i) EQT s 2024 Scope 1 GHG emissions, as reported to the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) under the EPA s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program Subpart W for the onshore petroleum and natural gas production segment and the gathering and boosting segment, plus (ii) EQT s 2024 Scope 2 GHG emissions using the location-based method and the EPA s Emissions Generation Resource Integrated Database s state emission factors for EQT s operating areas, minus (iii) carbon offsets generated by EQT during calendar year 2024. EQT s net zero claim did not include Scope 3 GHG emissions or emissions from Equitrans Midstream Corporation ( Equitrans ) and its related assets, which were acquired by the Company on July 22, 2024. 6 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary (2) Bcfe means billion cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of NGLs and oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas. (3) Based on certificates provided under both the EO100 Standard for Responsible Energy Development, which focuses on ESG performance, and the MiQ methane standard. OUR COMMITMENT TO LEADING EFFORTS IN METHANE MANAGEMENT Reducing global methane emissions Employing best practices that limit our methane emissions Achieved net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions (1) target ahead of schedule. Received an OGMP 2.0 Gold Standard rating for four consecutive years (2022-2025). Promises Made, Promises Delivered EQT s 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) Report, published in June 2025, reflects EQT s transformative progress over the last five years, culminating in net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions (1) across the Company s legacy operations, ahead of its 2025 goal. The report also showcases how natural gas is playing a leading role in shaping the energy future, reinforcing its critical role in the energy mix, both domestically and abroad. (1) References to EQT being net zero in the 2024 ESG Report were based on (i) EQT s 2024 Scope 1 GHG emissions, as reported to the EPA under the EPA s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program Subpart W for the onshore petroleum and natural gas production segment and the gathering and boosting segment, plus (ii) EQT s 2024 Scope 2 GHG emissions using the location-based method and the EPA s Emissions Generation Resource Integrated Database s state emission factors for EQT s operating areas, minus (iii) carbon offsets generated by EQT during calendar year 2024. EQT s net zero claim did not include Scope 3 GHG emissions or emissions from Equitrans. Sustainability Reporting We expect to publish our 2025 Sustainability Report in July 2026. Our 2024 ESG Report provides additional discussion of sustainability matters that are important to us, including why sustainability matters to us and what we are doing to continually improve our sustainability performance. You can find our 2024 ESG Report by visiting esg.eqt.com . The results of the sustainability materiality assessment and information included in our 2024 ESG Report should not be construed as a characterization regarding the materiality or financial impact of such information. The information on the 2024 ESG Report webpage, the 2024 ESG Report, or any other information on the EQT website that we may refer to herein is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form any part of, this proxy statement. Any targets or goals discussed in the 2024 ESG Report and in this proxy statement may be aspirational, and as such, no guarantees or promises are made that these goals will be met. Furthermore, certain statistics and metrics disclosed in this proxy statement and in the 2024 ESG Report are estimates and may be based on assumptions that turn out to be incorrect. EQT does not undertake or assume any obligation to update or revise such information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Human Capital At EQT, our people are central to our ability to deliver long-term value for shareholders and stakeholders. Our culture, talent strategy, and leadership expectations are designed to support safe operations, strong execution, and sustained performance across the enterprise. EQT s culture is anchored in clear expectations for leadership, accountability, and performance. Our Employee Value Proposition Connected by Purpose, Powered by People reflects the connection between our mission, our people, and the work we do every day. This framework informs how we hire, lead, and develop our teams and sets consistent standards across the organization. Employee engagement remains strong and stable, reflecting continued alignment to our cultural standards and confidence in leadership. Voluntary turnover remains low, demonstrating talent stability and retention in a competitive labor market. We actively use employee feedback to inform development priorities, communication improvements, and targeted training efforts. We focus on retaining, promoting, and developing talent to meet both near-term operational needs and long-term strategic objectives. EQT s newly redesigned career ladders provide clarity on role expectations, growth opportunities, and advancement pathways across departments. Leadership development remains a priority, and in 2025, new development programs were rolled out to strengthen communication, accountability, and alignment to EQT s cultural standards. Leadership expectations are explicit and performance driven, aligning teams to the mission, empowering employees with clarity and resources, and driving results through focused metrics. (1) Employee engagement was measured through an employee engagement survey conducted by Energage, LLC in October 2025. Additionally, our cloud-based, digital work environment enables a modern, innovative, collaborative, and digitally-enabled work environment, which we use to, among other things, enhance our shared culture by engaging directly with our employees by sharing Company updates and personal accomplishments. We also leverage this platform to solicit suggestions and comments from all employees. We believe that this helps promote real-time feedback and a greater degree of employee engagement, laying the technological foundation for the success of our remote workforce. EQT is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a highly skilled and engaged workforce by fostering a culture that supports employees physical, mental, emotional, and financial well-being, while promoting fair and equitable compensation practices. We believe these priorities are critical to sustaining a workplace of choice and to supporting long-term value creation. To help ensure our programs continue to meet the evolving needs of our employees, we conduct an annual benefits survey and use the feedback received to inform ongoing enhancements to our total 8 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary rewards offerings. In 2025, we implemented several meaningful updates to our benefits program aimed at improving affordability, flexibility, and long-term financial security. These enhancements included the introduction of an employer-funded Health Savings Account (HSA) contribution to help eligible employees offset upfront healthcare costs, the removal of the tobacco surcharge, and the expansion of 401(k) eligible earnings to include short-term incentive pay. We also implemented applicable SECURE 2.0 provisions for the 401(k) plan and introduced an in-plan Roth conversion, providing additional flexibility for eligible employees seeking to maximize Roth retirement savings. In addition, we launched an Executive Physical Program to support proactive health management and preventative care for eligible leaders. Beyond these enhancements, EQT continues to offer subsidized medical, dental, and vision coverage, a discretionary Company contribution and matching program for 401(k) retirement savings, Company-paid life and accident insurance, access to an employee stock purchase plan, paid maternity and paternity leave, flexible work arrangements, volunteer time off, and a Company match on employee donations to qualified non-profit organizations. Our flexible 9/80 work schedule further supports work-life balance by allowing employees to choose arrangements that best meet their personal and professional needs. Equity ownership is also a central element of EQT s human capital strategy. In 2025, EQT expanded participation in its Equity for All program to include legacy Equitrans employees, reinforcing our commitment to broad-based ownership. Through this program, all permanent employees receive equity awards that are in addition to, and not in lieu of, existing compensation opportunities, aligning employee interests with long-term shareholder value creation. Together, EQT s benefits, equity ownership, and compensation practices demonstrate our continued commitment to fostering an inclusive, supportive, and ownership-driven workplace that enables employees to thrive and contribute to the Company s long-term success. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Shareholder Engagement Our executive and investor relations team is highly engaged and accessible to shareholders. The team not only welcomes interactions, but also actively seeks feedback. During 2025, our team engaged in over 830 interactions with shareholders (with CEO/CFO participation in over 70% of meetings), including meetings with over 250 individual firms covering more than 50% (1) of our shareholder base. Additionally, the team participated in 16 energy conferences, 8 non-deal roadshows, 14 energy industry forums, and daily/weekly investor relations facilitated meetings. During 2025, our shareholder engagement program addressed numerous topics that were of interest to our shareholders, including: material operational efficiency gains; continued strong well performance; our production management and strategic curtailment program; our announced in-basin midstream growth projects and ability to grow production; the execution of our LNG strategy; the outlook for natural gas demand growth; and the broader natural gas macro environment. (1) As of September 30, 2025. Shareholder Say-on-Pay Approval at the 2025 Annual Meeting 98% Shareholder Say-on-Pay Approval 10 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary EQT Business Highlights Our operations strategy centers on the execution of large-scale, multi-pad projects, which we refer to as combo-development. Further enhancing our operations strategy is our robust midstream pipelines and services, which are synchronized with the timing of our development plan. Our synchronized development plan supports an integrated business model that keeps development costs low and limits our need to hedge future production. We believe that our operational strategy is key to delivering sustainably low well costs and higher returns on invested capital. Our business model enables us to generate durable free cash flow across commodity price cycles and we have implemented a robust capital allocation strategy directed at responsibly developing our assets and positioning us for organic growth, while also returning capital to our shareholders through a combination of debt retirements, a base dividend, and opportunistic share repurchases. We are focused on maintaining and strengthening our investment grade credit metrics, which improve our access to reliable, low-cost capital throughout market cycles. We believe that our proprietary digital work environment, the size and contiguity of our asset base, and our robust midstream pipeline network uniquely position us to execute on a multi-decade inventory of combo-development projects in our core acreage position. Our operational strategy employs this differentiation to advance our mission of being the operator of choice for all stakeholders, while simultaneously helping to address energy security and affordability both domestically and globally. In 2025, we maintained our focus on achieving peak performance, generating meaningful value for our shareholders. We have outlined below a few of our 2025 business highlights. 2025 Business Highlights Achieved sales volume of 2,382 Bcfe, with an average realized price of $3.19 per Mcfe. Generated $5.1 billion of net cash provided by operating activities and $2.9 billion of free cash flow. (1) Successfully completed the Olympus Energy Acquisition. (2) Increased total proved reserves by 1,782 Bcfe, or 7%, compared to 2024. Successfully retired $1.4 billion aggregate principal of senior notes. Distributed $390 million in aggregate dividends to our shareholders. Increased quarterly base dividend by 5% to $0.165 per share ($0.66 per share annualized). (1) Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix A for the definition and reconciliation of, and other important information regarding, this non-GAAP financial measure. (2) The Olympus Energy Acquisition refers to the Company s 2025 acquisition of certain oil and gas properties and related assets and contracts from Olympus Energy LLC, Hyperion Midstream LLC and Bow Arrow Land Company LLC. PERFORMING FOR ALL STAKEHOLDERS Executing on financial guidance Capturing accretive opportunities Strengthening our balance sheet Delivering on capital return strategy Returning capital to shareholders Executing with vision and purpose The above information is described more fully in the Company s 2025 Annual Report, which we filed with the SEC on February 18, 2026. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Summary Executive Compensation Highlights Compensation Philosophy EQT firmly believes in pay for performance. Our executive compensation programs are designed to incentivize our executives to implement and execute our corporate strategy. Our executive compensation programs continue to be tied to our financial performance, support our commitment to good compensation governance, and provide market-based opportunities to attract, retain, and motivate our executives in an intensely competitive market for qualified talent. 2025 COMPENSATION MIX (1) Reflects 2025 compensation, as reported in the Summary Compensation Table, for our named executive officers ( NEOs ) other than our Chief Executive Officer. Specifically, this graphic illustrates the average of the percentages of salary, annual incentive, and equity award for 2025 for each of Messrs. Knop, Bolen, and Jordan and Ms. Fenton, as presented in the Summary Compensation Table. Company contributions to the 401(k) plan were treated as part of salary for purposes of this illustration (other than the qualified non-elective corrective contribution to the 401(k) plan for Mr. Jordan described in footnote (4) to the Summary Compensation Table, which was not included). For a further discussion of the alignment of the NEOs compensation with EQT s performance and the Management Development and Compensation Committee s philosophy on executive compensation, see Compensation Philosophy under the section entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 12 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Proposal 1 Election of Directors Our entire Board stands for election at each annual meeting of shareholders, consistent with EQT s governing documents. Each director who is elected at the annual meeting of shareholders will serve a one-year term until the next year s annual meeting and the election of a successor or until the director s earlier death, resignation, or removal. Our current Board consists of 10 members. The current terms of all 10 directors expire at the 2026 Annual Meeting, and all 10 of such directors have been nominated, consented to being named in this proxy statement, and agreed to stand for reelection at the 2026 Annual Meeting. We encourage shareholders to review the information provided in the sections below for detailed information about our 10 director nominees, the composition of our Board, and our director nomination process. The persons named as proxies will vote for each of the director nominees, unless you vote against or abstain from voting for or against one or more of the director nominees. Each of the 10 director nominees have agreed to serve if elected, and the Board has no reason to believe that any director nominee will be unavailable to serve. In the event that a director nominee is unable or declines to serve on the Board at the time of the 2026 Annual Meeting, the persons named as proxies intend to vote for a substitute director nominee proposed by the Board, unless the Board decides to reduce the size of the Board. Each director nominee must be elected by a majority of the votes cast for, and votes may not be cumulated. In addition, in accordance with our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended effective October 16, 2025, each director has submitted an irrevocable conditional resignation to be effective if they receive a greater number of votes against than votes for in an uncontested election. If this occurs, the Board will decide whether to accept the tendered resignation no later than 90 days after certification of the votes. The Board s determination will be made without the participation of any director nominee whose resignation is under consideration with respect to the election and the Board s explanation of its decision will be promptly disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each director nominee to serve for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Nominees Information with respect to our director nominees is as of February 26, 2026. COMMITTEES Corporate Governance Management Development and Compensation Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Vicky A. Bailey Age 73 Independent Director since July 2024 SUMMARY President of Anderson Stratton International, LLC, a strategic consulting and governmental relations firm (2005 to present) Former director of EQT Corporation (2004 to 2018) and Equitrans Midstream Corporation (2018 until its acquisition by EQT in 2024) Former director of Cheniere Energy (2005 to 2023) Former Assistant Secretary, U.S. Department of Energy (domestic policy and international affairs) (2001 to 2004) Former Commissioner, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (1993 to 2000) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Occidental Petroleum Corp. (NYSE: OXY), a global oil and gas exploration and production company (2022 to present) TXNM Energy, Inc. (NYSE: TXNM) (formerly PNM Resources, Inc.), an energy holding company with regulated electric utilities in New Mexico and Texas (2019 to present) QUALIFICATIONS The Board values Ms. Bailey s substantial regulatory and senior management experience in the energy industry, which enables her to provide valuable insights into issues facing the Company s regulated transmission business and interactions with regulatory agencies and with respect to energy policy issues. Ms. Bailey brings significant public company board experience. COMMITTEES Audit Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Lee M. Canaan Age 69 Independent Director since July 2019 SUMMARY Founder and Portfolio Manager, Braeburn Capital Partners, LLC, a private investment management firm (2003 to present) Member of the Board of Aethon Energy, LLC, a privately-held exploration and production company (2018 to present) Former Director of PHX Minerals Inc., a non-operated oil and gas minerals holding company (2015 to 2025) Former Director of ROC Energy Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company (2021 to 2023) QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Canaan s energy expertise and extensive experience in capital markets, financial analysis, mergers and acquisitions, and strategic and business turnarounds, as well as her current and prior public-company board experience, provide significant value and perspectives to the Board. 14 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters COMMITTEES Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Audit Management Development and Compensation Frank C. Hu Age 64 Independent Director since October 2021 SUMMARY Former Investment Analyst and Vice President, Capital World Investors, an investment group in the Capital Group Companies, Inc. (2003 to 2017) Former Manager of Project Finance, Corporate Treasury, Unocal Corporation (2002 to 2003) Former Global Energy Practice Consultant, McKinsey Company (2000 to 2002) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Viper Energy, Inc. (NYSE: VNOM) (formerly Viper Energy Partners LP), a subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc. that owns mineral and royalty interests primarily in the Permian Basin (2022 to present) QUALIFICATIONS The Board values Mr. Hu s robust experience in the finance and oil and gas industry. His combined strengths of executive leadership and experience managing downstream and business development segments, together with his strong oil and gas investment background, bring valuable perspectives and experience to the Board. COMMITTEES Audit Corporate Governance Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Dr. Kathryn J. Jackson Age 68 Independent Director since July 2019 SUMMARY Former Director of Energy and Technology Consulting, KeySource, Inc. (2015 to 2021) Former Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, RTI International Metals (acquired by Alcoa Corporation) (2014 to 2015) Former Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Research and Technology, Westinghouse Electric Company, LLC (2009 to 2014) Former Director of Rice Energy Inc. (April 2017 until its acquisition by EQT in November 2017) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Cameco Corporation (NYSE: CCJ), a global provider of uranium fuel (2017 to present) Portland General Electric Company (NYSE: POR), a fully integrated energy company (2014 to present) Rice Acquisition Corporation 3 (NYSE: KRSP), a special purpose acquisition company (2025 to present) QUALIFICATIONS The Board values Dr. Jackson s expertise in regulatory, legislative, and public policy issues. Her innovation, technology, and engineering skills, in addition to her experience with generation facilities and large energy trading and utility operations, are highly beneficial to the Board. Dr. Jackson also has extensive experience serving on a number of public company boards. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters INDEPENDENT CHAIR OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Thomas F. Karam Age 67 Independent Director since July 2024 SUMMARY Chief Executive Officer, Karbon Capital Partners Corp., a special purpose acquisition company (2025 to present) Former Executive Chairman of Equitrans Midstream Corporation (2024 until its acquisition by EQT on July 22, 2024) Former Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Equitrans Midstream Corporation (July 2019 through 2023) and former President and Chief Executive Officer of Equitrans Midstream Corporation (September 2018 to July 2019) Former President, Midstream (August 2018 to the spin-off of Equitrans Midstream Corporation in November 2018 (the ETRN Spin-off ) and former director of EQT (November 2017 to the ETRN Spin-off) Founder and former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (2014 until sale of its general partner to Energy Transfer Partners in 2016) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Karbon Capital Partners Corp., a special purpose acquisition company (2025 to present) QUALIFICATIONS Having served as a senior executive and entrepreneur in the midstream sector for over 25 years, the Board values Mr. Karam s extensive executive leadership and midstream business experience. The Board also benefits from Mr. Karam s deep knowledge and understanding of the former Equitrans Midstream Corporation business assets. COMMITTEES Management Development and Compensation Audit Corporate Governance John F. McCartney Age 73 Independent Director since July 2019 SUMMARY Chairman, Quantuck Advisors LLP, an investment management firm (1998 to present) Former non-executive Chairman of the Board of Huron Consulting Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: HURN), a management consulting firm (2010 to 2024) Former Director of Rice Energy, Inc. (2015 until its acquisition by EQT in 2017) Former Director of Datatec Limited, an international ICT solutions and services company (2007 to 2023) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Granite Ridge Resources, Inc. (NYSE: GRNT), a non-operated oil and natural gas exploration and production company (2022 to present) Huron Consulting Group Inc. (Nasdaq: HURN), a global professional services firm (2004 to present) QUALIFICATIONS The Board values the extensive experience Mr. McCartney brings to the Board. Having served as chairman and vice chairman of the boards of numerous public and private companies, his demonstrated ability to oversee every aspect of a public company, and his deep governance and accounting experience, are invaluable to the Company. 16 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters COMMITTEES Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Daniel J. Rice IV Age 45 Director since November 2017 SUMMARY Chief Executive Officer, NET Power Inc. (NYSE: NPWR), an energy technology company (2023 to present) Partner, Rice Investment Group (2018 to present) Former Chief Executive Officer and Director of Rice Energy Inc. (2013 until its acquisition by EQT in 2017) and Rice Midstream Management LLC, the general partner of Rice Midstream Partners LP (2014 to 2017) Former Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Rice Energy Inc. (2008 to 2013) and Chief Operating Officer, Rice Energy Inc. (2012 to 2013) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS NET Power Inc. (NYSE: NPWR) (2023 to present) QUALIFICATIONS With over a decade of experience in the natural gas industry, coupled with his experiences as the Chief Executive Officer of NET Power Inc. and Rice Energy Inc., the Board highly values Mr. Rice s senior leadership insights, as well as his extensive oil and gas industry expertise. PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Toby Z. Rice Age 44 Director since July 2019 SUMMARY President and Chief Executive Officer, EQT Corporation (2019 to present) Partner, Rice Investment Group (2018 to present) Founder and Director, Energy Corps (nonprofit focused on eliminating energy poverty in undeveloped areas of the world) (2025 to present) Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Rice Energy Inc. (2013 until its acquisition by EQT in 2017) Co-founder and Former Chief Executive Officer, Rice Energy Inc. (2007 to 2013) Former Director of Rice Energy Inc. (2013 until its acquisition by EQT in 2017) QUALIFICATIONS The Board holds in high esteem Mr. Rice s experience and strong leadership skills. His considerable operational, technical, cultural, and executive experience in the oil and gas industry, including Mr. Rice s prior service as an executive and director of Rice Energy Inc., provides the Board with insight into the business and strategic priorities of the Company. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters COMMITTEES Audit Corporate Governance Management Development and Compensation Robert F. Vagt Age 78 Independent Director since July 2024 SUMMARY Former director of both EQT Corporation (2017 to 2018) and Equitrans Midstream Corporation (2018 until its acquisition by EQT in 2024) Former director, Rice Energy Inc. (2014 to 2017) Former President, The Heinz Endowments (2008 to 2014) Former President, Davidson College (1997 to 2007) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Kinder Morgan, Inc. (NYSE: KMI), an energy infrastructure company (2012 to present) QUALIFICATIONS The Board values Mr. Vagt s significant executive and operational oil and gas industry experience, as well as the experience and broad perspectives he brings from his professional background serving in both the public and private sectors and as a director of both upstream and midstream businesses. Mr. Vagt also has extensive public company board experience. COMMITTEES Corporate Governance Management Development and Compensation Hallie A. Vanderhider Age 68 Independent Director since July 2019 SUMMARY Former Managing Director, SFC Energy Management LP, an oil and gas private equity firm (2016 to 2022) Former Managing Partner, Catalyst Partners LLC (2013 to 2016) Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Black Stone Minerals Company, L.P. (2007 to 2013) Former Director, Noble Midstream GP LLC, the general partner of Noble Midstream Partners LP, a master limited partnership that provided oil, natural gas, and water-related midstream services (2016 to 2021) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Oil States International (NYSE: OIS), a global provider of manufactured products and services to the oil and natural gas, industrial, and military sectors (2019 to present) QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Vanderhider s in-depth knowledge of energy finance and her demonstrated management and operational experience, including her prior roles as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Accounting Officer in the oil and gas industry, adds to our Board s deep bench of experience and knowledge. Ms. Vanderhider also has extensive board experience. 18 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Time Commitment Considerations In evaluating nominees to serve on our Board, the Corporate Governance Committee and the Board consider, among other things, potential time constraints on a director nominee s ability to effectively fulfill their duties as a director of EQT, especially with respect to the director nominee s expected time commitments serving as a director and/or executive of other public companies. EQT s Corporate Governance Guidelines: prohibit a non-employee director of EQT from serving concurrently on the boards of more than four publicly traded companies (including EQT s Board); and prohibit any EQT director who serves as the Chief Executive Officer of a publicly traded company (including EQT) from serving concurrently on the boards of more than two publicly traded companies (including EQT s Board). Board Meetings In 2025, the Board held five regular meetings and four special meetings. The independent directors met three times in executive session without management present and with our independent Board Chair presiding. Each director attended 75% or more of the total number of meetings of the Board and his or her respective committees. While the Company does not have a formal policy on director attendance at annual meetings, it strongly encourages its directors to attend the annual meeting of shareholders. All then-serving directors attended the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting ), which was held in a virtual-only meeting format. Board Committees The Board maintains four standing committees, each of which is described below. The responsibilities of each standing committee are set forth in a written charter. Committee charters are reviewed annually by the Corporate Governance Committee and the Board. The current members and chair of each standing committee are presented below. The Corporate Governance Committee and the Board annually review, and the Board annually appoints, the members and the chair of each standing committee, with any changes to committee membership or committee chairs typically made effective as of immediately following the Company s annual shareholders meeting (though the Board may, from time to time, also make changes to committee membership or committee chairs outside of this normal annual process). The Board may form new committees, disband existing committees, and delegate additional responsibilities to a committee. All standing committee charters are available on our website at ir.eqt.com/investor-relations/governance. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Audit Committee Meetings Held in 2025: 6 MEMBERS Lee M. Canaan Frank C. Hu Dr. Kathryn J. Jackson John F. McCartney Robert F. Vagt PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The Audit Committee: oversees the accounting and financial reporting processes and related disclosure matters; oversees the audits and integrity of financial statements; oversees the qualifications, independence, and performance of our registered public accountants; oversees the qualifications and performance of the internal audit function; reviews and makes recommendations regarding risks relating to cybersecurity, and such of the Company s other Tier 1 risks as may be delegated to the Audit Committee by the Board; and oversees compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including EQT s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Audit Committee has the sole authority to appoint and replace the Company s registered public accountant, and may engage other advisors (including independent counsel). For additional information regarding Audit Committee responsibilities, see Report of the Audit Committee and Board s Role in Risk Oversight. INDEPENDENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Each member of the Audit Committee is: independent under our Corporate Governance Guidelines and applicable NYSE listing standards (including the enhanced independence standards for audit committee members under the NYSE listing standards) and SEC rules; and financially literate under the applicable NYSE listing standards. The Board has determined that Ms. Canaan and Messrs. Hu, McCartney and Vagt each qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. The designation as an audit committee financial expert does not impose upon such designees any duties, obligations, or liabilities that are greater than those of any other member of the Audit Committee and the Board. 20 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Corporate Governance Committee Meetings Held in 2025: 6 MEMBERS Vicky A. Bailey Dr. Kathryn J. Jackson John F. McCartney Robert F. Vagt Hallie A. Vanderhider PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The Corporate Governance Committee: establishes and recommends to the Board the requisite skills and characteristics of individuals qualified to serve as members of the Board; identifies individuals qualified to become Board members and recommends director nominees for each annual meeting of shareholders; develops and recommends to the Board a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines; recommends membership for each committee of the Board, including committee chairs; recommends an appropriate compensation structure for the directors, including administration of equity plans for directors; coordinates the Board s assignment of risk oversight duties among the Board and its committees; addresses conflicts of interest, related person transactions, and independence; and makes other recommendations to the Board regarding the governance of EQT. INDEPENDENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Each member of the Corporate Governance Committee is independent under the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the applicable NYSE listing standards. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Management Development and Compensation Committee Meetings Held in 2025: 7 MEMBERS John F. McCartney Vicky A. Bailey Frank C. Hu Robert F. Vagt Hallie A. Vanderhider PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The Management Development and Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee ): reviews and approves the performance and compensation of our executive officers; reviews and approves all compensation plans, including employment and severance agreements for our executive officers; identifies and approves goals and objectives relevant to our CEO s compensation and annually reviews the CEO s performance against such goals and objectives; oversees and, where required by law, administers benefit plans, incentive-based compensation plans, and other equity-based plans; and reviews the Company s succession plan for all executive officers. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES (CONT.) The Compensation Committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate one or more compensation consultants, independent legal counsel, or other advisors. It may also obtain advice and assistance from internal legal, accounting, human resources, and other advisors. Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee has the power to form and delegate authority to subcommittees and to delegate authority to one or more members of the Compensation Committee or to employees and committees consisting of employees of the Company, subject to applicable rules and regulations. INDEPENDENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Each member of the Compensation Committee is: independent under the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the applicable NYSE listing standards (including the enhanced independence standards for compensation committee members under the NYSE listing standards); and a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Committee Meetings Held in 2025: 4 MEMBERS Frank C. Hu Vicky A. Bailey Lee M. Canaan Dr. Kathryn J. Jackson Daniel J. Rice IV PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Committee reviews and provides guidance and perspective to management and the Board regarding the Company s approach, programs, policies, and practices relating to matters of public policy, corporate responsibility, safety, and sustainability. 22 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Board Leadership Structure We separate the roles of Board Chair and CEO, and our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that our Board Chair be an independent director to aid in the Board s oversight of management. The Board believes that there are advantages to having an independent director serve as Board Chair, including supporting the independent oversight of the Company, facilitating relations among the Board, the CEO, and other senior management, assisting the Board in reaching consensus on particular strategies and policies, fostering robust evaluation processes, and supporting the efficient allocation of oversight responsibilities between the independent directors and management. Pursuant to the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the independent Board Chair has the following responsibilities: presides at all meetings of the Board and at all meetings of the independent directors in executive session; presides at shareholder meetings, including the annual meeting of shareholders, either directly or by designating the Company s President and CEO to lead the annual meeting; manages the Board to ensure that it operates effectively and encourages active engagement by all the members of the Board; communicates the overall viewpoints and feedback of the Board to the CEO in a manner that respects the confidentiality of individual director viewpoints and feedback, and promotes effective relationships and open communication between individual non-employee directors and the CEO; determines, with the CEO and taking full account of the issues and concerns of all directors, the agenda for meetings of the Board and ensures that there is sufficient time for decision-making by the Board; ensures that members of the Board receive accurate, timely, and clear information, in particular about the Company s performance, to enable the Board to make sound decisions and provide effective oversight and advice to promote the success of the Company; monitors effective implementation of the Board s decisions; consults with the Corporate Governance Committee and the CEO to set the annual calendar of topics to be covered at Board meetings, and reviews meeting agendas; provides input to the Compensation Committee in connection with the evaluation of the CEO s performance; ensures that the performance of each director, the Board, and each of the Board committees is evaluated at least annually; serves as the designated director to speak with major shareholders (when requested) to ensure that the Board develops an understanding of shareholder views and receives, on the Board s behalf, communications from interested parties; serves in an increased role in crisis management, as appropriate; and establishes and maintains a close relationship of trust with the CEO by providing support and advice while respecting executive responsibility and leadership. The Board annually appoints the independent Board Chair to serve for a one-year term, but an independent director may serve multiple consecutive terms upon recommendation of the Corporate Governance Committee and approval of the Board. Thomas F. Karam currently serves as our independent Board Chair, a position he has held since the 2025 Annual Meeting. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Board s Role in Risk Oversight 24 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Enterprise Risk Management The Company primarily manages enterprise risk through an Enterprise Risk Committee, which is chaired by our Chief Legal and Policy Officer and includes each of our executive officers. The Enterprise Risk Committee meets periodically throughout the year to review, prioritize, and address major risk exposures and to consider new or emerging risks. The results of the risk assessment are reported annually to the Board. Cybersecurity Risk Oversight Management of cybersecurity risk remains an important area of focus for our Company. At the management level, we maintain an Enterprise Risk Committee, composed of key members of our senior management, that oversees the identification and management of corporate-level risks, including cybersecurity risks, using the COSO Enterprise Risk Management Framework. Our Enterprise Risk Committee has delegated to our Chief Information Officer primary responsibility for identifying, assessing, and managing cybersecurity-related risks. Our Information Security team, which is led by our Vice President, Information Technology and overseen at the executive level by our Chief Information Officer, manages our enterprise cybersecurity program and is responsible for managing all reported cybersecurity threats and addressing matters relating to cybersecurity risk, information security, and technology risks. The Board, with a primary focus on policy, oversight, and strategic direction, oversees management s development and maintenance of the enterprise cybersecurity program and its actions to identify, assess, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity threats to the Company. The Board has delegated to its Audit Committee primary responsibility for regular oversight of cybersecurity risks at the Board-level, and this delegation is reflected in the Audit Committee s Charter. Our Chief Information Officer and our Vice President, Information Technology provide regular quarterly reports to the Audit Committee regarding cybersecurity matters and our enterprise cybersecurity program. The Board receives regular reports from the Audit Committee Chair, including with respect to cybersecurity matters, as appropriate. Our Board would be promptly informed upon identification of any material cybersecurity event. Please refer to Item 1C. Cybersecurity in Part I of our 2025 Annual Report for additional information regarding cybersecurity matters. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Nominations General Process for Director Nominations The Corporate Governance Committee identifies and recommends to the Board the requisite skills and characteristics of individuals qualified to serve as members of the Board and recommends to the Board the director nominees for election at each annual meeting of shareholders. The Corporate Governance Committee typically considers new director nominees following the resignation or retirement of a director or to fill an evolving skill or expertise need identified by the Board. The Corporate Governance Committee will consider candidates from a variety of sources, including recommendations from shareholders, directors, and members of management, and has in the past utilized third-party search firms to assist in identifying potential director candidates. The Corporate Governance Committee evaluates all potential director nominees using the same criteria, regardless of the source of the director nominee. Accordingly, all potential director nominees, including individuals recommended by shareholders for consideration as possible director candidates, are assessed using the guidelines outlined below. Possible director nominees satisfying the guidelines are then further evaluated to identify, in the judgment of the Corporate Governance Committee, the best match for the Board. The Corporate Governance Committee retains the right to modify the guidelines, including the criteria for evaluating the qualifications of potential director nominees, from time to time. Individual Qualifications Possesses integrity, competence, insight, creativity, and dedication, together with the ability to work with colleagues while challenging one another to achieve superior performance Has attained a prominent position in their field of endeavor Possesses broad business experience Has the ability to exercise sound business judgment Is able to draw on their past experience relative to significant issues facing the Company Has experience in the Company s industry or in another industry or endeavor with practical application to the Company s needs Has sufficient time and dedication for preparation and participation in Board and committee deliberations Has no conflict of interest Meets such standards of independence and financial knowledge as may be required or desired Possesses attributes deemed to be appropriate given the then-current needs of the Board Composition of the Board as a Whole Diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and skills aligned with our business needs Demographic diversity across race and ethnicity, gender, and age 26 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Shareholder Nominations Shareholder Recommendations Shareholders may recommend individuals for consideration as potential director nominees by the Corporate Governance Committee in connection with its ongoing evaluation of Board composition and succession planning. Recommendations should be submitted to the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee, care of the Company s Corporate Secretary (see How do I contact EQT s Corporate Secretary below). Shareholder Director Nominations A shareholder seeking to nominate an individual for election to the Company s Board must submit a written notice containing the information required by the Company s Bylaws. Such notice must be delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the Company s principal executive offices no earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and no later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting. Proxy Access Nominations Pursuant to Section 1.11 of the Company s Bylaws, a shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders, owning in the aggregate at least 3% of the voting power entitled to vote in the election of directors continuously for at least three years (as of both the date the notice is received by the Company and the record date for the annual meeting), may nominate and include in the Company s proxy statement director nominees constituting the greater of (i) two directors and (ii) the largest whole number that does not exceed 20% of the Board. To utilize proxy access, the eligible shareholder or shareholder group must expressly elect, at the time of providing the written notice pursuant to Section 1.11 of the Bylaws, to have its nominee included in the Company s proxy materials. Such written notice must be delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the Company s principal executive offices no earlier than the close of business on the 150th day and no later than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the one-year anniversary of the date that the Company mailed its proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting, and must include all information required by the Company s Bylaws. Additional Information The foregoing is intended to summarize certain requirements applicable to shareholder recommendations and nominations of director candidates. Shareholders should review the Company s Bylaws for a complete description of the applicable procedures and requirements. Copies of the Bylaws are available upon written request to the Corporate Secretary. Our Board Composition Consistent with our core values, our Board fosters a culture that recognizes the value of diverse backgrounds, skills, and experiences. The Board believes this brings a broad range of perspectives that enhances the quality of dialogue, supports effective decision-making, and strengthens the overall culture in the boardroom. Our Board benefits from the varied professional backgrounds, skills, and experiences of our directors (see the Snapshot of Director Nominees section above for a visual summary of the Board s collective expertise). In addition, the Board reflects meaningful demographic diversity, with 50% of our director nominees self-identifying as racially, ethnically, or gender diverse. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters We believe our Board benefits from a broad range of backgrounds, skills, and experiences. While we do not have a formal policy addressing diversity, the benefits afforded by including individuals with diverse backgrounds, skills, and experiences continue to be an important consideration in evaluating the Board s overall composition. We welcome ongoing dialogue on this topic with our investors. Contacting the Board Interested parties may communicate directly with members of our Board, individually or as a group, through email or written correspondence, as detailed below. Interested parties may communicate directly with the Board (and with the independent Board Chair and our other independent directors, individually or as a group) by sending an email to: independentchair@eqt.com The Corporate Secretary or an appropriate individual on his staff will receive the communications and promptly deliver the communications to the appropriate director or directors, unless the communications are junk mail, spam, or mass mailings. Interested parties may also write to the independent Board Chair, the entire Board, any Board committee, or any individual director by addressing such communication to the applicable director or directors, in care of the Corporate Secretary: Prior to July 1, 2026: EQT Corporation c/o Corporate Secretary 625 Liberty Avenue Suite 1700 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 Effective Beginning July 1, 2026: EQT Corporation c/o Corporate Secretary 2200 Energy Drive Canonsburg, PA 15317 Our independent Board Chair serves as the presiding director for each executive session of the non-management directors and of the independent directors. Interested parties may contact our independent Board Chair through email or written correspondence, as detailed above. Governance Principles Our Board and senior leadership team believe that strong and effective corporate governance is essential to our overall success. Our Board reviews our major governance policies, practices, and processes regularly in the context of current corporate governance trends, investor feedback, regulatory changes, and recognized best practices. The foundation of our corporate governance program is providing transparent disclosure to all stakeholders on an ongoing and consistent basis, with a focus 28 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters on delivering long-term shareholder value. The following chart provides an overview of our corporate governance structure and processes, including key aspects of our Board operations. Governance Principle EQT s Practice 1 Accountability to shareholders All directors are elected annually, which reinforces our Board s accountability to shareholders Eligible shareholders that satisfy all applicable requirements may include their director nominees in our proxy materials 2 Proportionate and appropriate shareholder voting rights EQT has one class of voting stock We believe in a one share, one vote standard We do not have a poison pill We have a majority voting standard for uncontested director elections 3 Regular and proactive shareholder engagement Our investor relations team maintains an active, ongoing dialogue with investors and portfolio managers year-round on matters of business performance and results Our management team engages with our largest shareholders governance teams on governance, strategy, compensation, human capital management, and sustainability matters During 2025, our team met with shareholders representing more than 50% ownership of our outstanding shares (as of September 30, 2025) Our directors are available to participate in shareholder engagement when it is helpful or requested 4 Independent Board leadership structure Our Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines require an independent Board Chair All members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Corporate Governance Committee are independent 5 Effective Board policies and practices Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require a majority of our directors to be independent (eight of the 10 director nominees are independent) Our Board is composed of accomplished professionals with deep and diverse experiences, skills, and knowledge relevant to our business, resulting in a high-functioning and engaged Board (a matrix of relevant director skills is presented in our 2026 Proxy Statement Summary above) The Board seeks to achieve diversity among its members (see Our Board Composition above) Each standing Board committee has a charter that is publicly available on the Company s website and that meets applicable legal requirements and reflects good corporate governance The Company has a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees (including executive officers) and directors of the Company The Corporate Governance Committee reviews the Company s governance policies and practices annually and makes recommendations for changes, as appropriate, to the Board All directors attended 75% or more of the combined total of Board and applicable committee meetings in 2025 EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Governance Principle EQT s Practice The Board s non-management and independent directors meet regularly in executive session, with the independent Board Chair presiding over all such executive sessions The Board and each of the standing committees engage in meaningful annual self-assessments that involve, among other matters, consideration of individual director performance The Company s directors are encouraged to participate in continuing educational programs relating to corporate governance and business-related issues, and the Company provides funding and/or reimbursement for these activities 6 Management incentives that are aligned with the long-term strategy of the Company We require robust stock ownership for our directors (five times annual cash retainer), President and CEO (eight times base salary), and other NEOs (three times base salary) Our executive compensation program has historically been well supported by shareholders, as is evidenced by last year s say-on-pay vote, which received 98% shareholder support The Compensation Committee annually reviews and approves incentive program design, goals, and objectives for alignment with compensation and business strategies and reviews and certifies performance and funding Our compensation philosophy and practices are focused on designing management incentive compensation programs to align incentive compensation opportunity with achieving the Company s short- and long-term goals and creating long-term shareholder value The Company maintains a corporate governance page on its website that includes key information about its corporate governance practices, including: A copy of the charter of each standing committee of the Board Our Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Our Human Rights Policy The corporate governance page can be found at ir.eqt.com/investor-relations/governance The Company will provide copies of its Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Human Rights Policy, and any of the Board committee charters to any shareholder, free of charge, upon written request to the Corporate Secretary. Director Independence Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, a majority of our directors must be independent. For a director to be considered an independent director, the Board must annually determine that he or she has no material relationship (other than their service as a director) with the Company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization that has a material relationship with the Company). To assist it in determining director independence, the Board established guidelines, which are included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and conform to the independence requirements under the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) listing standards. 30 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters The Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances in making an independence determination. The Board has determined certain relationships to be categorically immaterial, provided that the director otherwise meets the mandatory independence standards under the NYSE listing standards, as specified in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. Based on the independence standards set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are consistent with the independence standards of the NYSE, the Board has determined that the following directors have met such standards and are independent of the Company and its management: Mses. Bailey, Canaan, and Vanderhider, Dr. Jackson and Messrs. Hu, Karam, McCartney, and Vagt. Additionally, the Board determined that each of Mses. Beebe, Carrig, and Powers and Mr. McManus, each of whom served on the Board during 2025 prior to the 2025 Annual Shareholders Meeting, was independent of the Company and its management during their tenures as directors. With respect to Ms. Bailey and Messrs. Karam and Vagt, each of whom previously served as a director of Equitrans prior to the Company s acquisition of Equitrans in July 2024, in making the affirmative determination that each such director has no material relationship (other than their respective services as directors) with the Company, the Board considered the transactions described under Related Person Transactions Equitrans Midstream Corporation Acquisition in the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement. The Board determined that Mr. Toby Z. Rice (who is an executive officer of the Company) and Mr. Daniel J. Rice IV (who is an immediate family member (brother) of Mr. Toby Z. Rice, an executive officer of the Company) are not independent. Director ownership of Company stock is encouraged and, consistent with NYSE listing standards, is not in itself a basis for determining that a director is not independent, provided that such ownership may preclude participation on the Audit Committee if its magnitude is sufficient to make the director an affiliated person of the Company, as described in the Audit Committee charter. See Equity-Based Compensation under the caption Directors Compensation for a description of the equity ownership guidelines for directors. During the preceding three fiscal years, the Company made no contributions to any tax-exempt organization of which any independent director of the Company is an executive officer. Except as noted above with respect to the familial relationship of Mr. Daniel J. Rice IV and Mr. Toby Z. Rice, there are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Related Person Transactions Review, Approval, or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons Under the Company s Related Person Transaction Approval Policy (the Related Person Transaction Policy ), management, with the assistance of EQT s Legal Department, is responsible for determining whether a transaction between the Company and a Related Person (as defined below) constitutes a Related Person Transaction (as defined below). This determination is based on a review of all facts and circumstances regarding the transaction, as well as information provided in the annual director and executive officer questionnaires. Upon determination that a transaction is a Related Person Transaction that has not been approved by the Corporate Governance Committee or the full Board, the material facts regarding the transaction are reported to the Corporate Governance Committee for its review. The Corporate Governance Committee then determines whether to approve, revise, reject, or take other action with respect to the Related Person Transaction. Under the Related Person Transaction Policy, a Related Person Transaction is generally a transaction in which the Company or a subsidiary is a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and a Related Person has a direct or indirect material interest. A Related Person is generally any person who is a director or executive officer of the Company, any nominee for director, any shareholder known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of the Company s voting securities, and any immediate family member (as defined by the SEC) of any of the foregoing persons. Under the Related Person Transaction Policy, the following transactions are deemed to be automatically pre-approved and do not need to be brought to the Corporate Governance Committee for approval: transactions involving employment of an executive officer by the Company, as long as the executive officer is not an immediate family member of another executive officer or director of the Company and the compensation paid to the executive officer was approved by the Compensation Committee; transactions involving compensation and benefits paid to a director for service as a director of the Company; transactions on competitive business terms with another company in which the only relationship of a director or immediate family member of a director is as an employee or executive officer, a director, or a beneficial owner of less than 10% of that company s shares, provided that the amount involved does not exceed the greater of $1,000,000 or 2% of the other company s consolidated gross revenue; transactions in which the interest of the Related Person arises solely from the ownership of a class of equity securities of the Company, and all holders of that class of equity securities receive the same benefit on a pro rata basis; transactions in which the rates or charges involved are determined by competitive bids; transactions involving the rendering of services as a common or contract carrier or public utility at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental regulation; transactions involving services as a bank depositary of funds, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust indenture, or similar services; and charitable contributions, grants, or endowments by the Company or the Company s charitable foundation to a charitable or non-profit organization, foundation, or university in which a Related Person s only relationship is as an employee or a director or trustee, if the aggregate amount involved does not exceed the greater of $1,000,000 or 2% of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue. The Related Person Transaction Policy does not limit or affect the application of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and related policies, which require directors and executive officers to 32 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters avoid engaging in any activity or relationship that may interfere, or have the appearance of interfering, with the performance of the directors or executive officers duties to the Company. Such policies require all directors and executive officers to report and fully disclose the nature of any proposed conduct or transaction that involves, or could involve, a conflict of interest and to obtain approval before any action is undertaken. Governance Policy for the Management of Potential Conflicts of Interest Involving the Rice Investment Group BACKGROUND Messrs. Toby Z. Rice and Daniel J. Rice IV are each a partner in Rice Investment Group L.P. ( RIG ), a multi-strategy fund founded in January 2018 that invests in all verticals of the oil and natural gas sector. In the months prior to the Company s 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2019 Annual Meeting ), Mr. Toby Z. Rice was a member of the Rice Team, an activist campaign that sought to transform the Company, in part, through management change, including by electing Mr. Toby Z. Rice as President and CEO. During this campaign, the positions of Messrs. Toby Z. Rice and Daniel J. Rice IV as partners in RIG were disclosed and highlighted as a potential source of conflicts by then-incumbent management. At the 2019 Annual Meeting, the Rice Team received the approval of over 80% of the Company s shareholders, with Messrs. Toby Z. Rice and Daniel J. Rice IV being elected to the Board, and, immediately following the 2019 Annual Meeting, Mr. Toby Z. Rice was named President and CEO. On July 10, 2019, representatives of RIG reached out to portfolio companies in which RIG held an investment interest and requested that, as a result of the appointment of Mr. Toby Z. Rice as President and CEO of the Company, they voluntarily effect a moratorium on soliciting business with the Company and its subsidiaries until such time as Board-approved governance procedures were developed and implemented. Furthermore, Mr. Toby Z. Rice resigned from all director positions of RIG portfolio companies and relinquished his position on the RIG investment committee. Given Mr. Toby Z. Rice s position as a beneficiary of the Rice Energy 2016 Irrevocable Trust, a New Hampshire trust for the benefit of the children and descendants of Daniel J. Rice III and his wife, Kathleen L. Peto (the Rice Trust ), and the Rice Trust s limited partner interest in RIG, any transactions between a business in which RIG holds an investment interest or any subsidiaries of such business (a RIG Portfolio Company ), on the one hand, and the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other hand, with a value in excess of $120,000 may trigger disclosure obligations as related party transactions under the Company s Related Person Transaction Policy and applicable SEC regulations. RIG GOVERNANCE POLICY Consistent with the requirements of our Related Person Transaction Policy and the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and at the direction of the Corporate Governance Committee, we developed, and the Corporate Governance Committee reviewed and approved, the Governance Policy for the Management of Potential Conflicts of Interest Involving the Rice Investment Group (the RIG Governance Policy ). The purpose of the RIG Governance Policy is to establish appropriate corporate governance procedures designed to ensure that potential conflicts of interest that may arise from time to time by virtue of the business activities of RIG are properly and timely disclosed to the Corporate Governance Committee and, when appropriate, submitted to the Corporate Governance Committee for review and possible approval. The RIG Governance Policy describes various circumstances in which potential conflicts of interest may arise from time to time in respect of directors, executive officers, employees, and consultants who are partners in RIG (such persons, RIG Related Persons ) and establishes specific processes and procedures with which all directors, officers, employees, and consultants of the Company must comply. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters The requirements of this policy are intended to be consistent with the requirements of, and to support compliance with, the existing Related Person Transaction Policy and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The RIG Governance Policy implements specific requirements and processes to be followed when we become aware of a potential business relationship proposed to be entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and a RIG Portfolio Company, on the other hand. The RIG Governance Policy implements procedures designed to promptly identify potential business transactions with RIG Portfolio Companies for escalation to the Corporate Governance Committee, regardless of the dollar amount involved, and implements a periodic review and certification process designed to support compliance with the policy. In the event that we become aware of a business transaction involving the Company or its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and a RIG Portfolio Company, on the other hand, that was not pre-approved in accordance with the RIG Governance Policy (whether through the periodic review and certification process or otherwise), the transaction will be promptly brought to the attention of the Corporate Governance Committee for review and consideration pursuant to the Related Person Transaction Policy irrespective of the dollar amount involved (i.e., even if less than the $120,000 threshold stated in the Related Person Transaction Policy). Consistent with the Related Person Transaction Policy, the Corporate Governance Committee will consider all relevant facts and circumstances respecting such transaction, and will evaluate all options available to the Company, including ratification, revision, or termination of such transaction, and will take such course of action as the Corporate Governance Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances. The RIG Governance Policy similarly sets forth procedures supporting the review by the Corporate Governance Committee of pre-existing transactions between the Company or its subsidiaries and a potential new RIG Portfolio Company in which RIG may be seeking to make an investment. The policy prohibits Mr. Toby Z. Rice from serving (i) on the RIG investment committee and (ii) as a member of the board of directors/board of managers of any RIG Portfolio Company, in each case, until such time as he ceases to serve as an executive officer of the Company. Consistent with the requirements of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the RIG Governance Policy also expressly prohibits the RIG Related Persons from holding an interest, whether directly or indirectly through their interest in RIG, in a business that is in competition with the Company, as defined under the RIG Governance Policy. The Corporate Governance Committee regularly reviews the business descriptions of each RIG Portfolio Company, as well as the description of the Company s business as set forth for purposes of the RIG Governance Policy, to ensure compliance with this requirement. Transactions with Related Persons Based on information provided by the Company s directors and executive officers and assessments by the Company s management, the Corporate Governance Committee determined that there were no Related Person Transactions in 2025 requiring disclosure in this proxy statement, other than those disclosed below. RIG COMPANIES Cold Bore Technology Inc. In mid-2020, EQT s Completions Department identified Cold Bore Technology Inc. ( Cold Bore ), a completions optimization technology vendor, as a candidate for a vendor product trial of its Smart Pad product. RIG holds an approximately 19% equity ownership interest in Cold Bore. As required by the RIG Governance Policy, in March 2020, the Company s Vice President of Completions met with the Company s Chief Financial Officer and representatives from the Company s legal, compliance, and operating services departments to review and assess potential benefits to the Company of exploring the proposed product trial. After considering the potential benefits to the Company, this group 34 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters determined that the opportunity to pursue the proposed product trial with Cold Bore should be presented to the Corporate Governance Committee. Accordingly, in April 2020, the Corporate Governance Committee reviewed and considered the proposed business opportunity with Cold Bore, taking into consideration the various factors specified in the Company s Related Person Transactions Policy, including the potential benefits to the Company of the transaction, the proposed terms of the transaction, and the terms available to unaffiliated third parties generally, and was informed of and considered RIG s interest in Cold Bore, and determined that it was in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to approve the Company s engagement of Cold Bore for the product trial. Following this review and approval by the Corporate Governance Committee, the Company entered into an agreement with Cold Bore for the product trial. In early 2021, the results of the Cold Bore product trial were presented to and reviewed by the Corporate Governance Committee. After considering the results of the product trial, the Corporate Governance Committee considered a proposed post-trial engagement of Cold Bore for its Smart Pad product. Taking into consideration the various factors specified in the Company s Related Person Transactions Policy, as noted in the preceding paragraph, the Corporate Governance Committee annually reviewed and approved the engagement of Cold Bore. In early 2025, the Corporate Governance Committee again reviewed the Company s engagement of Cold Bore, including the anticipated benefits of the Company s continued use of Cold Bore s Smart Pad product and, taking into consideration the various factors specified in the Company s Related Person Transactions Policy, the Corporate Governance Committee approved the continued engagement of Cold Bore by the Company. During 2025, the Company paid Cold Bore consideration in the aggregate amount of approximately $2,544,000. ComboCurve, Inc. In mid-2020, EQT s Asset Performance team identified Inside Petroleum, Inc. (now known as ComboCurve, Inc.) ( ComboCurve ), a vendor for a cloud-based asset management platform supporting, among other things, auto-decline curve analysis, daily calculations, and reserves and economic scenario modeling, as a candidate for a 30-day trial license agreement. RIG holds an approximately 20% equity ownership interest in ComboCurve. As required by the RIG Governance Policy, in July 2020, the Company s Vice President, Asset Performance, met with the Company s Chief Financial Officer and representatives from the Company s legal, compliance, and operating services departments to review and assess potential benefits to the Company of exploring the proposed trial license. After considering the potential benefits to the Company, this group determined that the opportunity to pursue the proposed trial license with ComboCurve should be presented to the Corporate Governance Committee. Accordingly, in July 2020, the Corporate Governance Committee reviewed and considered the proposed trial license with ComboCurve, taking into consideration the various factors specified in the Company s Related Person Transactions Policy, including the potential benefits to the Company of the transaction, the proposed terms of the transaction, and the terms available to unaffiliated third parties generally, and was informed of and considered RIG s interest in ComboCurve, and determined that it was in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to approve the Company s engagement of ComboCurve for the trial license. Following this review and approval by the Corporate Governance Committee, the Company entered into an agreement with ComboCurve for the trial license. In October 2020, the Company s Vice President, Asset Performance, updated the Corporate Governance Committee on the results of the ComboCurve product trial and presented a proposal for the Company to enter into a post-trial license agreement for the Company s use of the ComboCurve product. The Corporate Governance Committee reviewed the proposed license arrangement, including the anticipated benefits to the Company, and, taking into consideration the various factors specified in the Company s Related Person Transactions Policy, the Corporate Governance Committee approved the Company s entry into a license with ComboCurve. The Corporate Governance Committee annually reviewed and approved the Company s license with ComboCurve, including the anticipated benefits of the Company s continued use of ComboCurve s EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters licensed product, and, taking into consideration the various factors specified in the Company s Related Person Transactions Policy, the Corporate Governance Committee authorized the annual renewal of the license arrangement with ComboCurve. In 2024, the Corporate Governance Committee again reviewed the Company s license with ComboCurve as set forth above, taking into consideration the various factors specified in the Company s Related Person Transactions Policy, and following such review, the Corporate Governance Committee authorized a two-year renewal of the license arrangement with ComboCurve for 2024 and 2025. During 2025, the Company paid ComboCurve consideration in the aggregate amount of approximately $492,000. OTHER Certain immediate family members of Mr. Todd M. James, the Company s Chief Accounting Officer, are parties to existing leases for natural gas exploration and production previously entered into with the Company prior to Mr. James becoming an employee of the Company. During 2025, pursuant to the terms of these previously existing leases, the Company made royalty payments to these individuals in the aggregate amount of approximately $203,000. Consistent with the requirements of the Related Person Transaction Approval Policy, the foregoing transactions were reviewed and ratified by the Corporate Governance Committee. 36 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Directors Compensation Compensation of our non-employee directors is reviewed annually by the Corporate Governance Committee and approved by the Board. No compensation is paid to employee directors for their service as directors. Mr. Toby Z. Rice s compensation for service as an executive officer is set forth in the Summary Compensation Table below. In October 2024, the Corporate Governance Committee, with support from the independent compensation consultant, Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC ( Meridian ), conducted a peer company benchmarking review of total compensation for non-employee directors (the 2024 Director Compensation Review ). Specifically, Board and committee cash retainer fees, chair premiums, and long-term equity incentive awards were evaluated using, as the comparative benchmark, levels of total compensation paid to directors of the companies that comprise the Company s Compensation Peer Group (see the section captioned Benchmarking within the Compensation Discussion and Analysis), together with general industry market statistics from Meridian s internal database for companies in the S P 500 Index as an additional reference point. Based on the 2024 Director Compensation Review, the Corporate Governance Committee determined to make the following changes to the design of non-employee director cash compensation for 2025: Non-employee director annual cash retainer amount was increased by $15,000; Independent Board Chair annual cash retainer amount was increased by $15,000; Management Development and Compensation Committee Chair annual cash retainer amount was increased by $5,000; Audit Committee member annual cash retainer amount was decreased by $5,000; Annual cash retainer for service on then-existing special Board committees was decreased by $2,500; and Annual cash retainer for serving as a member (other than as Chair) of each of the Corporate Governance Committee, the Management Development and Compensation Committee, and the Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Committee was eliminated. In adopting these changes, the Board concluded that the non-employee director compensation program would serve to remain effective in recruiting and retaining qualified, experienced, and skilled non-employee directors. Cash Compensation As a result of the changes for 2025 discussed above, the structure and amount of our 2025 non-employee director cash retainer fees is set forth below. Non-Employee Director Compensation (1) 2025 ($) Board member 100,000 Independent Board Chair (2) 165,000 Committee Chairs Audit Committee 25,000 Management Development and Compensation Committee 20,000 Corporate Governance Committee 15,000 Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility Committee 15,000 Committee member (excluding Chair) Audit Committee member 5,000 Special committees (3) 2,500 (1) All annual cash retainer amounts are paid in installments on a quarterly basis. EQT CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters (2) The Independent Board Chair retainer is in addition to the cash retainer paid for service as a Board member and is paid in installments on a quarterly basis. (3) During 2025, the Board had four special committees: the Special Litigation Committee; the Special Financing Transactions Committee (dissolved in April 2025); the Special Hedge Transactions Committee (dissolved in April 2025); and the Innovation Committee (formed in April 2025). For 2025, non-employee directors serving on the Special Litigation Committee, the Special Financing Transactions Committee, and the Special Hedge Transactions Committee were paid an annual cash retainer fee of $2,500 per special committee (paid in installments on a quarterly basis). Equity-Based Compensation Equity-Based Compensation 2025 ($) Restricted Stock Unit Award 210,000 The Board determined not to make any changes to the value or form of the annual equity-based compensation paid to non-employee directors for 2025. Consistent with 2024, for 2025, the Corporate Governance Committee recommended, and the Board approved, an annual grant of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to each non-employee director in the amount of $210,000. An annual equity grant is made to each non-employee director elected at the Company s annual shareholders meeting, with this grant made immediately following their election at such meeting. Non-employee directors appointed to the Board mid-year generally receive an equity grant upon joining the Board, the value of which is prorated to reflect their period of service during the year of joining, as part of their compensation for serving on the Board through the date of the next annual shareholders meeting. Accordingly, on April 16, 2025, each non-employee director elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting received a grant of 4,070 RSUs (the 2025 Grant ). The 2025 Grant was determined by dividing (x) the $210,000 annual grant value by (y) an amount equal to the average of the closing stock price of the Company s common stock on each trading day within the 30 calendar day period preceding April 15, 2025 ($51.63) and rounding the result up to the nearest 10 shares. The 2025 Grant will vest upon the occurrence of the 2026 Annual Meeting and is subject to forfeiture if a director voluntarily ceases to serve on the Board prior to that date. Each RSU is equal in value to one share of Company common stock. Unvested RSUs do not have voting rights. Any dividends paid on shares of the Company s common stock are credited quarterly in the form of additional RSUs. Non-employee directors may elect to defer payment of their RSUs under the Company s director deferred compensation plan, which is discussed below. Equity Ownership Guidelines for Directors Our equity ownership requirements for non-employee directors must be satisfied within five years of joining the Board 5 times annual cash retainer The non-employee directors are subject to equity ownership guidelines, which require them to hold shares (or share equivalents, including deferred stock units and RSUs) with a value equal to five times the annual cash retainer. Once the target level of ownership is achieved by a director, that individual will not be expected to acquire additional shares in the event the Company s stock price decreases, provided that the underlying number of shares held by the individual at the time of achieving compliance with the equity ownership guidelines has not been reduced. Under the guidelines, directors have up to five years from joining the Board to satisfy the ownership guidelines. As of the date of this proxy statement, each non-employee director had satisfied the Company s equity ownership guidelines or was on track to satisfy the guidelines within the five-year ramp-up period. 38 | ir.eqt.com TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Deferred Compensation The Company has deferred compensation plans for non-employee directors. Prior to January 1, 2020, stock units awarded to non-employee directors were automatically deferred under the Company s 2005 Directors Deferred Compensation Plan ( 2005 DDCP ). Non-e