=== EQT_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors make an investment in us speculative or risky and should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. Note that additional risks not presently known to us or that are currently considered immaterial may also have a negative impact on our business and operations. If any of the events or circumstances described below actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer and the trading price of EQT common stock or other securities could decline. Risks Associated with Natural Gas Upstream, Midstream and Processing Operations Drilling for, producing, gathering, transmitting, storing and processing natural gas are high-risk and costly activities with many uncertainties. Our future financial position, cash flows and results of operations depend on the success of our operating activities, which are subject to numerous risks beyond our control. Many factors may curtail, delay, suspend or cancel our scheduled drilling projects, the development schedule of wells which we do not operate but in which we have a working interest (referred to as non-operated wells), and our gathering, transmission, storage and processing operations, including the following: • delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with regulatory requirements, including limitations resulting from permitting, wastewater disposal, emission of GHGs, and limitations on hydraulic fracturing; • shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, rigs, pipe, materials, qualified personnel, water (for hydraulic fracturing activities) or other natural resources needed for our operations; • supply chain disruptions or labor shortage impacts; • equipment failures, accidents or other unexpected operational events; • lack of available gathering and water facilities or delays in the construction of gathering and water facilities; • aging infrastructure and mechanical or structural problems; • failure of equipment, facilities or new technology; • damage to pipelines, wells and storage assets, facilities, equipment, environmental controls and surrounding properties, and pipeline blockages or other operational interruptions, caused or exacerbated by natural phenomena, weather conditions, acts of sabotage, vandalism and terrorism; • security risks, including cybersecurity incidents; • inadvertent damage from construction, vehicles, and farm and utility equipment; • lack of available capacity on interconnecting transportation pipelines; • adverse weather conditions, such as flooding, droughts, freeze-offs, fires, landslides, blizzards and ice storms; • issues related to compliance with environmental regulations; • environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil and diesel spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring radioactive materials, and unauthorized discharges of brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, toxic gases or other pollutants into the surface and subsurface environment; • leaks, migrations or losses of natural gas as a result of issues regarding pipeline and/or storage equipment or facilities and, including with respect to storage assets, as a result of undefined boundaries, geologic anomalies, limitations in then-applied industry-standard testing methodologies, operational practices (including as a result of regulatory requirements), natural pressure migration and wellbore migration or other factors relevant to such storage assets; • declines in natural gas, NGLs and oil market prices; • limited availability of financing at acceptable terms; • ongoing litigation or adverse court rulings; • public opposition to our operations; • title, surface access, coal mining and right of way issues; and • limitations in the market for natural gas, NGLs and oil. Any of these risks can cause a delay or suspension of our operations, including our development program or the scheduled development of non-operated wells in which we have a working interest, or result in substantial financial losses, personal injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution, environmental contamination and other regulatory penalties. 34 Table of Contents The location of certain segments of our wells and pipeline systems in or near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the damages resulting from these risks. Accidents or other operating risks have resulted, and in the future could result, in loss of service available to our pipeline customers. Customer impacts arising from service interruptions on segments of our pipeline systems and/or our assets have included and/or may include, without limitation and as applicable, curtailments, limitations on our ability to satisfy customer contractual requirements, obligations to provide reservation charge credits to customers and solicitation of our existing customers by third parties for potential new projects that would compete directly with our existing services. Such circumstances could adversely impact our ability to retain customers and negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, we cannot control or otherwise influence the development schedule of non-operated wells in which we have a working interest. Adjustments to our planned development schedule or the development schedule of non-operated wells in which we have a working interest could impact our future sales volume, operating revenues and expenses, per unit metrics and capital expenditures. We are subject to risks associated with the operation of our wells, pipelines and facilities. Our business is subject to all of the inherent hazards and risks normally incidental to drilling for, producing, transporting, storing, processing, gathering and compressing natural gas, NGLs and oil, such as fires, explosions, slips, landslides, blowouts, and well cratering; pipe and other equipment and system failures; delays imposed by, or resulting from, compliance with regulatory requirements; formations with abnormal or unexpected pressures; shortages of, or delays in, obtaining equipment, pipe and qualified personnel or in obtaining water and other natural resources for hydraulic fracturing activities; adverse weather conditions, such as freeze offs of wells and pipelines due to cold weather; issues related to compliance with environmental regulations; environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil and diesel spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring radioactive materials, and unauthorized releases of brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, wastewater, toxic gases or other pollutants into the environment, especially those that reach surface water or groundwater; inadvertent third-party damage to our assets; and natural disasters. We also face various risks or threats to the operation and security of our or third parties' facilities and infrastructure, such as processing plants, compressor stations and pipelines. Any of these risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury and/or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, equipment and natural resources, pollution or other environmental damage, loss of hydrocarbons, disruptions to our operations, regulatory investigations and penalties, suspension of our operations, repair and remediation costs, and loss of sensitive confidential information. Moreover, in the event that one or more of these hazards occur, there can be no assurance that a response will be adequate to limit or reduce damage. As a result of these risks, we are also sometimes a defendant in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. There can be no assurance that the insurance policies we maintain to limit our liability for such losses will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage or that such levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices or to cover all risks. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable, and we may elect not to obtain insurance for any or all of these risks if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by insurance could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Additionally, our investment in midstream infrastructure development and maintenance programs is intended, among other items, to connect our wells to other existing gathering and transmission pipelines and can involve significant risks, including those relating to timing, cost overruns and operational inefficiency. Significant portions of our natural gas production are dependent on a small number of key compression and processing stations. An operational issue at any of those stations would materially impact our production, cash flows and results of operation. Significant portions of our assets have been in service for several decades. There could be unknown events or conditions, or increased maintenance or repair expenses and downtime, associated with our assets that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Significant portions of our transmission and storage systems have been in service for several decades. The age and condition of these systems has contributed to, and could result in, adverse events, or increased maintenance or repair expenditures, and downtime associated with increased maintenance or repair activities, as applicable. Any such adverse events or any significant increase in maintenance and repair expenditures or downtime, or related loss of revenue, due to the age or condition of our systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 35 Table of Contents Expanding our business by constructing new midstream assets subjects us to construction, business, economic, competitive, regulatory, judicial, environmental, political and legal uncertainties that are beyond our control. The development and construction by us or our joint ventures of pipeline and storage facilities and the optimization of such assets involve numerous construction, business, economic, competitive, regulatory, judicial, environmental, political and legal uncertainties that are beyond our control, require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital and expose us to risks. Those risks include, but are not limited to: • physical construction conditions, such as topographical, or unknown or unanticipated geological, conditions and impediments; • construction site access logistics; • crew availability and productivity and ability to adhere to construction workforce drawdown plans; • adverse weather conditions; • project opposition, including delays caused by landowners, advocacy groups or activists opposed to our projects and/or the natural gas industry through lawsuits or intervention in regulatory proceedings; • evolving regulatory or legal requirements and related impacts therefrom, including additional costs of compliance; • the application of time of year or other regulatory restrictions affecting construction; • failure to meet customer contractual requirements; • environmental conditions; • vandalism and acts of sabotage; • the lack of available skilled labor, equipment and materials (or escalating costs in respect thereof, including as a result of inflation and/or tariffs, particularly on steel and aluminum); • issues regarding availability of or access to connecting infrastructure; and • the inability to obtain necessary rights-of-way or approvals and permits from regulatory agencies on a timely basis or at all (and maintain such rights-of-way, approvals and permits once obtained). Risks inherent in the construction of these types of projects, such as unanticipated geological conditions, challenging terrain in certain of our construction areas and severe or continuous adverse weather conditions, have adversely affected, and in the future could adversely affect, project timing, completion and costs, as well as increase the risk of loss of human life, personal injury, significant damage to property or environmental contamination. Most notably, certain of these risks have been realized in the construction of MVP Mainline, including construction-related risks and adverse weather conditions, and such risks or other risks may be realized in the future which may further adversely affect the timing and/or cost of MVP Mainline, MVP Southgate and MVP Boost. Given such risks and uncertainties, our midstream projects or those of our joint ventures may not be completed on schedule, within budgeted cost or at all. As a further example, public participation, including by pipeline infrastructure opponents, in the review and permitting process of projects, through litigation or otherwise, has previously introduced, and in the future could introduce, uncertainty and adversely affect project timing, completion and cost. Further, civil protests regarding environmental justice, environmental health and safety, and social issues or challenges in project permitting processes related to such issues, including proposed construction and location of infrastructure associated with fossil fuels, poses an increased risk and may lead to increased litigation, legislative and regulatory initiatives and review at federal, state, tribal and local levels of government or permitting delays that could prevent or delay the construction of such infrastructure and realization of associated revenues. Additionally, construction expenditures on projects generally occur over an extended period, yet we will not receive revenues from, or realize any material increases in cash flow as a result of, the relevant project until it is placed into service. Moreover, our cash flow from a project may be delayed or may not meet our expectations, including as a result of taxes which could potentially be calculated based on excess expenditures, inclusive of maintenance, incurred during extended court-driven construction delays. Furthermore, we may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in production and/or demand in a region in which such growth does not materialize or is delayed beyond our expectations. As a result, new facilities may not be able to attract enough throughput to achieve our expected investment return. Such issues in respect of the construction of midstream assets could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 36 Table of Contents A terrorist attack or armed conflict targeting our systems or natural gas infrastructure generally could materially adversely impact our operations. Growing geopolitical instability and armed conflicts (including in Venezuela, Russia and Ukraine, and the Middle East) has resulted in energy infrastructure becoming a more prominent target of attack by terrorists and conflicting countries. Natural gas, NGLs and oil related facilities, including those operated by us or our service providers, could be direct targets of physical or cyber-attacks, and, if infrastructure integral to our operations is destroyed or damaged, we may experience a significant disruption in our operations. Any such disruption could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Costs for insurance and other security may increase as a result of increased threats, and certain insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain, if available at all. Potential physical effects of climate change could disrupt our upstream, midstream and processing activities, cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to those effects, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Many scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth's atmosphere produce climate changes that may have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, fires, floods, droughts, and other extreme climatic events. If any such effects were to occur, they have the potential to cause physical damage to our assets or affect the availability of water and thus could have an adverse effect on our operations. Potential adverse effects could include disruption of our production activities; delays in getting our and our customers' produced natural gas and NGLs to market or possibly shut-in as a result of physical damage to pipelines, other midstream infrastructure and processing facilities; increases in our costs of operation or reductions in the efficiency of our operations; reduced availability of electrical power, road accessibility, and transportation facilities; impacts on our personnel, supply chain, distribution chain or customers; and potentially increased costs for insurance coverages in the aftermath of such effects. Such physical effects could also adversely affect or delay demand for our products and midstream services or cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for, or responding to, the effects of climatic or weather events themselves. Further, energy demand could increase or decrease as a result of extreme weather conditions. A decrease in energy use due to weather or climatic changes may affect our financial condition through decreased revenues. Any one of these factors has the potential to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. Our ability to mitigate the physical impacts of adverse weather conditions depends in part upon our disaster preparedness and response along with our business continuity planning. Our drilling locations are scheduled out over many years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of when they are drilled, if at all. Our management team has specifically identified and scheduled certain well locations as an estimation of our future multi-year drilling activities on our existing acreage. These well locations represent a significant part of our business strategy. Our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including natural gas, NGLs and oil prices; the availability and cost of capital; drilling and production costs; the availability of drilling services and equipment; drilling results; lease expirations; topography; gathering system and pipeline transportation costs and constraints; access to and availability of sand and water and corresponding materials sourcing and distribution systems, including railroads; coordination with coal mining; regulatory approvals; and other factors. Because of these uncertain factors, we do not know if the drilling locations we have scheduled will ever be drilled or if we will be able to produce natural gas, NGLs or oil from these or any other drilling locations. In addition, if production is not established within the spacing units covering our undeveloped acres in accordance with the requisite timeframe set forth in the applicable lease, our leases for such acreage will expire. Further, certain of the horizontal wells we intend to drill in the future may require pooling or unitization with adjacent leaseholds controlled by third parties. If these third parties are unwilling to pool or unitize such leaseholds with ours, the total locations we can drill may be limited. As such, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified. Failure to timely develop our leased real property could result in increased capital expenditures and/or impairment of our leases. Mineral rights are typically owned by individuals who may enter into property leases with us to allow for the development of natural gas. Such leases expire after an initial term, typically five years, unless certain actions are taken to preserve the lease. If we cannot preserve a lease, the lease terminates. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 5% of our net undeveloped acres are subject to leases that could expire over the next three years. Lack of access to capital, changes in government regulations, changes in future development plans or commodity prices, reduced drilling activity, or the reduction in the fair value of undeveloped properties in the areas in which we operate could impact our ability to preserve, trade or sell our leases prior to their expiration, resulting in the termination or impairment of leases for properties that we have not developed. 37 Table of Contents We evaluate capitalized costs of unproved oil and gas properties at least annually to determine recoverability on a prospective basis. Indicators of potential impairment include changes brought about by economic factors, potential shifts in our business strategy and historical experience. The likelihood of an impairment of unproved oil and gas properties increases as the expiration of a lease term approaches and drilling activity has not commenced. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we recorded impairment and expiration of leases of $51.2 million, $97.4 million and $109.4 million, respectively. Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities are located, which could disrupt our operations and future development. We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines, storage systems and facilities have been constructed, and we have been, and in the future could be, subject to more onerous terms, and/or increased costs or delays, in attempting (or by virtue of the need to attempt) to acquire or to maintain use rights to land. Although many of these rights are perpetual in nature, we occasionally obtain the rights to construct and operate our pipelines and other facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time or in a manner in which certain facts could give rise to the presumption of the abandonment of the pipeline or other facilities. As has been the case in the past, if we were to be unsuccessful in negotiating or renegotiating rights-of-way or easements, we might have to institute condemnation proceedings on our FERC-regulated assets, the potential for which may have a negative effect on the timing and/or terms of FERC action on a project's certification application and/or the timing of any authorized activities, or relocate our facilities for non-regulated assets. It is possible that Congress may amend Section 7 of the NGA to limit, modify or remove the ability to utilize condemnation. It is also possible that a court may limit, modify or remove an operator's ability to utilize condemnation under Section 7 of the NGA. A loss of rights-of-way, lease or easements or a relocation of our non-regulated assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. Additionally, even when we own an interest in the land on which our pipelines, storage systems and facilities have been constructed, agreements with correlative rights owners have caused us to, and in the future may require that we, relocate pipelines and facilities or shut in storage systems and facilities to facilitate the development of the correlative rights owners' estate, or pay the correlative rights owners the lost value of their estate if they are not willing to accommodate development. We may incur losses as a result of title defects in the properties we lease. Our inability to cure any title defects in our leases in a timely and cost-efficient manner may delay or prevent us from utilizing the associated mineral interest or developing planned midstream infrastructure, which may adversely impact our ability in the future to increase our production and reserves or meet customer demands for midstream services. The existence of a material title deficiency can render a lease worthless and can adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. The amount and timing of actual future natural gas, NGLs and oil production is difficult to predict and may vary significantly from our estimates, which may reduce our earnings. Because the rate of production from natural gas and oil wells, and associated NGLs, generally declines as reserves are depleted, our future success depends upon our ability to develop additional reserves that are economically recoverable and to optimize existing well production, and our failure to do so may reduce our earnings. Additionally, a failure to effectively and efficiently operate existing wells may cause our production volume to fall short of our projections. Our drilling and subsequent maintenance of wells can involve significant risks, including those related to timing, cost overruns and operational inefficiency, and these risks can be affected by the availability of capital, leases, rigs, equipment, a qualified work force, and adequate capacity for the treatment and recycling or disposal of wastewater generated in our operations, as well as weather conditions, natural gas, NGLs and oil price volatility, regulatory approvals, title and property access problems, geology, equipment failure or accidents and other factors. Drilling for natural gas and oil can be unprofitable, not only due to dry wells, but also as a result of productive wells that perform below expectations or that do not produce sufficient revenues to return a profit. Low natural gas, NGLs and oil prices may further limit the types of reserves that we can develop and produce economically. Except to the extent that we acquire additional properties containing proved reserves, conduct successful exploration and development activities or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, our proved reserves will decline as reserves are produced. Our future natural gas, NGLs and oil production, therefore, is highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves that are economically recoverable. We cannot be certain that we will be able to find or acquire and develop additional reserves at an acceptable cost. Without continued successful development or acquisition activities, together with efficient operation of existing wells, our reserves and production, together with associated revenues, will decline as a result of our current reserves being depleted by production. 38 Table of Contents Our proved reserves are estimates that are based on many assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Any significant change in these underlying assumptions will greatly affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. Reserve engineering is a subjective process involving estimates of underground accumulations of natural gas, NGLs and oil and assumptions concerning future prices, production levels and operating and development costs, some of which are beyond our control. These estimates and assumptions are inherently imprecise, and we may adjust our estimates of proved reserves based on changes in these estimates or assumptions. As a result, estimated quantities of proved reserves and projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may prove to be inaccurate. Any significant variance from our assumptions could greatly affect our estimates of reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of natural gas, NGLs and oil, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net cash flows. To the extent we experience a sustained period of reduced commodity prices, there is a risk that a portion of our proved reserves could be deemed uneconomic and no longer be classified as proved. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, actual production, revenues and costs to develop reserves will likely vary from our estimates and these variances could be material. Numerous changes over time to the assumptions on which our reserve estimates are based, as described above, often result in the actual quantities of natural gas, NGLs and oil we ultimately recover being different from our reserve estimates. The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves is not the same as the current market value of our estimated natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves. You should not assume that the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves is the current market value of our estimated natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, we based the discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves on the twelve-month unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for the preceding twelve months without giving effect to derivative transactions. Actual future net cash flows from our reserves will be affected by factors such as the actual prices we receive for natural gas, NGLs and oil, the amount, timing and cost of actual production and changes in governmental regulations or taxation. The timing of both our production and our incurrence of expenses in connection with the development and production of oil and gas properties will affect the timing and amount of actual future net revenues from proved reserves, and thus their actual present value. In addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating the standardized measure may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with our operations or the natural gas, NGLs and oil industry in general. N

=== EQT_2026-04-22.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors There are no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in the "Risk Factors" section of EQT's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. 39 Table of Contents Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities None. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities We did not repurchase any equity securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the first quarter of 2026. On December 13, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program) authorizing us to repurchase shares of EQT common stock for an aggregate purchase price of up to $1 billion, excluding fees, commissions and expenses. On September 6, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a $1 billion increase to the Share Repurchase Program, pursuant to which approval we are authorized to repurchase shares of EQT common stock for an aggregate purchase price of up to $2 billion, excluding fees, commissions and expenses. The Share Repurchase Program was originally scheduled to expire on December 31, 2023; however, on April 26, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a one-year extension of the Share Repurchase Program. Further, on December 18, 2024, we announced that our Board of Directors approved an additional two-year extension of the Share Repurchase Program. As a result of the most recent extension, the Share Repurchase Program will expire on December 31, 2026, but it may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program may be made from time to time in amounts at prices we deem appropriate and will be subject to a variety of factors, including the market price of EQT common stock, general market and economic conditions, applicable legal requirements and other considerations. As of March 31, 2026, we had purchased shares for an aggregate purchase price of $622.1 million, excluding fees, commissions and expenses, under the Share Repurchase Program since its inception, and the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the Share Repurchase Program is $1.4 billion. Item 5. Other Information Other than as described below, during the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or "officers" (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" (as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). Name and Title Action Date of Adoption or Termination Character of Trading Arrangement Aggregate Number of Securities to be Purchased or Sold Duration of Trading Arrangement Toby Z. Rice Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Adopted 03/06/2026 Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (1) Indeterminable (2) 06/05/2026 – 09/15/2026 (3) (1) This trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act (the Rule), and, among other things, only permits transactions upon expiration of the applicable mandatory cooling-off period under the Rule. (2) The number of shares of EQT common stock to be sold under this trading arrangement is not currently determinable and will vary depending on the market price of EQT common stock. This trading arrangement provides for the sale of a number of shares of EQT common stock, at certain minimum threshold prices specified therein, that is sufficient to generate aggregate gross proceeds of $15.0 million. (3) This trading arrangement permits transactions beginning on June 5, 2026 and through the earliest to occur of the following: (a) the close of trading on September 15, 2026, (b) the date on which sales pursuant thereto generate aggregate gross proceeds of $15.0 million and (c) the occurrence of another termination event specified therein. 40 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description Method of Filing 3.01(a) Restated Articles of Incorporation of EQT Corporation (as amended through November 13, 2017). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (#001-3551) filed on November 14, 2017. 3.01(b) Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation of EQT Corporation (effective May 1, 2020). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (#001-3551) filed on May 4, 2020. 3.01(c) Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation of EQT Corporation (effective July 23, 2020). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (#001-3551) filed on July 23, 2020. 3.01(d) Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation of EQT Corporation (effective July 18, 2024). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (#001-3551) filed on July 18, 2024. 3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws of EQT Corporation (Amended through October 16, 2025). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (#001-3551) filed on October 20, 2025. 10.01 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of PipeBox LLC, dated January 16, 2026. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.03(b) to Form 10-K (#001-3551) for the year ended December 31, 2025. 31.01 Rule 13(a)-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. Filed herewith as Exhibit 31.01. 31.02 Rule 13(a)-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. Filed herewith as Exhibit 31.02. 32 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. Furnished herewith as Exhibit 32. 101 Interactive Data File. Filed herewith as Exhibit 101. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 41 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. EQT CORPORATION (Registrant) By: /s/ Jeremy T. Knop Jeremy T. Knop Chief Financial Officer Date: April 22, 2026 42 