=== [ER] jde-peets-half-year-results-2024-report.pdf ===
¡ Amsterdam, 31 July 2024 JDE Peet’s reports half-year results 2024 Strong, broad-based performance across top-line, profitability and cash flow Key items1 • Organic sales up +3.6% (5-yr CAGR: +5.0%), driven by +2.4% price and +1.2% volume/mix • Reported sales up +5.6% to EUR 4,210 million • Organic adjusted gross profit up +9.0% • Organic adjusted EBIT up +17.5% (5-yr CAGR: +4.4%); A&P slightly up organically • Free cash flow of EUR 315 million; net leverage at 3.1x • Underlying EPS of EUR 0.76; Basic EPS of EUR 0.74 • FY 24 outlook raised A message from Luc Vandevelde, Interim CEO of JDE Peet’s "I am very pleased with this strong set of results for the first half of 2024. We delivered robust, broad-based performance across top-line, profitability and cash flow, despite operating in a challenging environment that continues to be characterised by rising green coffee prices and a growing demand for more affordable offerings. In the first half, we continued to make good progress in our strategic priorities, achieving double-digit growth in E-commerce and China, continued good performance for Peet's and L'OR Barista. The integration of Maratá and Caribou is also well underway, with both delivering results that are in line with our expectations. This overall strong performance underscores the strength of our business, bolstered by our multi-channel approach, diverse high-quality product offerings, powerful brands, leading market positions, and the resilience of our organisation. Given our strong H1 performance and our expectations for H2 – including the continued inflation and volatility in green coffee prices and the additional pricing this will require - we are confident in raising our full-year outlook across top-line, profitability and cash flow, also enabling us to bring down our net leverage to below 3x within 12 months after closing Maratá and Caribou." 1 This press release contains Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), which are not recognised measures of financial performance under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these APMs to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures, refer to Reconciliation of non-IFRS information on page 7. | 1 Outlook 2024 Taking into account the strong performance in H1 24 as well as the expectations for H2, including the continued inflation and volatility in green coffee prices and the additional pricing this will require, the company increases its outlook for full-year 2024: • Organic sales growth at the higher end 

=== [ER] jde-peets-full-year-results-2023-report.pdf ===
9 Amsterdam, 21 February 2024 JDE Peet’s reports full-year results 2023 Strong H2 23, marking the return to the long-term profitability algorithm Key items1 • Organic sales up +3.9% (H2 23: +4.3%), with positive volume/mix momentum in H2 • Organic adj. EBIT up +1.1% (H2 23: +5.5%); up more than 6% FY when excluding Russia's performance • Organic adj. gross profit increased +2.9% (H2 23: +4.7%), from premiumisation and efficiencies • Free cash flow of EUR 522 million and leverage of 2.7x, despite currency headwinds • Underlying EPS of EUR 1.51, with strong operating result offset by fair value changes of derivatives & FX • GHG emissions reduced by 9% in 2023, cumulating to -21% in Scope 1 & 2 and -9% in Scope 3 vs 2020 • Proposal to pay a cash dividend of EUR 0.70 per share in two equal instalments A message from Fabien Simon, CEO of JDE Peet’s “We concluded 2023 with a very strong second semester, marked by an acceleration of JDE Peet’s organic top line and adjusted EBIT growth. We are back to our long-term profitability algorithm, excluding Russia's performance. While the Coffee industry had been confronted with compounding disruptions over the last 3 years, our 2023 performance is the result of the agility and disciplined execution of the transformation we went through since 2021, to become a more global, more digital, and more sustainable company. We are rediscovering the power of our brands. While we stepped-up investments, execution and innovation, we have brought back relevance for our consumers and customers. As a result, we have gained market shares globally in 2023 across the premium coffee categories of Single-Serve, Instant and Beans. In 2023, JDE Peet’s was recognised as an innovation leader (GlobalData), as well as an industry mover in sustainability (S&P Global). We brought industry-first innovation with home-recyclable paper packs for instant coffee, and are leading progress on deforestation by leveraging AI and inclusive ecosystems at origin countries. We are holding ground in Europe, growing double-digit in China, and are accelerating our globalisation organically, and more recently inorganically in the largest global coffee markets in value (US) and in cups (Brazil). Strengthening our fundamentals, our brands and our innovation capabilities is elevating our premium growth trajectory and brings confidence in our ability to create sustaining long-term shareholder returns and societal value.” 1 This press release contains certain non-IFRS fi

=== [ER] jde-peets-half-year-results-2023-report.pdf ===
JDE Peet’s reports half-year results 2023 Focus and disciplined execution of strategy, leading to in-market outperformance Key items1 • Organic sales up +3.5% (+2.4% reported), driven by +6.8% price and volume/mix of -3.3% • Organic gross profit up +0.9% and high single-digit growth of advertising spend • Organic adjusted EBIT down -3.0% to EUR 581 million • Free cash flow of EUR 14 million due to normalisation of working capital; net leverage at 2.8x • Underlying EPS of EUR 0.85 • FY 23 outlook updated A message from Fabien Simon, CEO of JDE Peet’s In the first half of 2023, we delivered resilient financial performance in a category that is globally adjusting in the aftermath of the pandemic, and coping with persistent inflation. Against this backdrop and despite an industry volume decline in Europe, we delivered mid-single-digit top-line growth, driven by our premium product portfolio, E-commerce acceleration and strong performance in the US and in emerging markets. We continue to be guided by our renewed strategic framework to become more global, more digital and more sustainable. We are now very pleased to witness the in-market outperformance of JDE Peet's globally from the disciplined execution of our strategic priorities. In a fast evolving environment, we remain focused and nimble. In the first half of 2023, we have initiated the transition of an omni-channel organisation in Europe, and towards a local portfolio in Russia. In parallel, we will increase our global consumer reach, with the intended acquisition of Maratá's coffee & tea platform in Brazil and the launch of L’OR Barista in the US. While anticipating an acceleration of our organic sales growth in H2, we expect the business environment to remain volatile. As there is uncertainty of the impact of the transition from international brands to local brands in Russia, we believe it is more appropriate to guide our full year organic adjusted EBIT growth in the range of a low single-digit increase and low single-digit decrease. The tangible progress of our transformation - brand health, team engagement, gross profit and sustainability, just to name a few - is positioning us well to deliver sustained shareholder returns and societal value." 1 This press release contains certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios, which are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS finan

=== [ER] jde-peets-half-year-results-2022-report.pdf ===
JDE Peet’s reports half-year results 2022 Successfully navigating the macro backdrop, with another strong set of quality results Key items1 • Organic sales up +15.7% (+19.7% reported), driven by +15.9% price and stable volume/mix of -0.2% • Organic gross profit up +1.4%, coupled with increasing investments for growth (organic SG&A +4.2%) • Organic adjusted EBIT down -2.1% to EUR 631 million • Free cash flow increased to EUR 696 million; leverage at 2.78x incl. EUR 500 million share buyback • Underlying EPS up +18.3% to EUR 1.05 • Amplifying progress on sustainability commitments, with step-change in responsible sourcing • FY 22 outlook confirmed A message from Fabien Simon, CEO of JDE Peet’s “Half-way through 2022, we delivered very well on our commitments, despite unprecedented economic and geopolitical disruptions, exacerbated by the tragic war in Ukraine. Our strong set of results is a testament to the resilient growth profile of JDE Peet’s, supported by powerful brands, leading market positions and talented teams around the world. We are successfully navigating through supply chain disruptions, pandemic effects and mounting inflation, while keeping course of our value creation agenda, centred around quality and inclusive revenue growth. E-commerce sales kept growing organically at a double-digit rate, as did revenue in the U.S. and in China inhome, while we are accelerating the store expansion there. Confronted with an exceptional level of cost inflation, we stepped-up efficiencies, and leveraged portfolio and revenue management. We implemented affordable price increases of less than 1 euro-cent per cup, on average. As a result, the absolute gross profit held up well year-over-year. Not only did we lead on pricing, delivered double-digit earnings growth per share and further increased our investments for growth, but we also amplified our sustainability agenda, with the ambition to elevate the industry standard, targeting 80% responsibly sourced coffee by the end of 2022. Based on the progress made in the first half of 2022, we remain confident to reach our full-year outlook, while we continue to navigate, with humility and agility, the unpredictable inflationary environment, geo-political unrest and ongoing effects of the pandemic." 1 This press release contains certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios, which are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to 

=== [ER] jde-peets-half-year-results-2021-report.pdf ===
JDE Peet’s reports half-year results 2021 Good progress and broad-based performance, delivered in a quality way Key items1 • Total organic sales grew 4.2%, supported by In-Home momentum (+4.9%) and fuelled by Single Serve and Beans growing double-digit. E-commerce grew by 30% In-Home • Away-from-Home returned to profitability, despite largely stable sales base on average for H1 (+0.7%) although with visible positive reopening effects in Q2 • Organic adjusted EBIT grew 0.8% to EUR 636 million, with gross profit margin expansion • Free cash flow of EUR 553 million and net debt reduced to EUR 4,660 million • Leverage reduced to 2.98x, from 3.23x at the end of FY 20 • Underlying EPS grew 12.9%, mainly supported by operational improvements • Positive market share performance across technologies and continued progress on Sustainability • Confident to reach FY 21 outlook A message from Fabien Simon, CEO of JDE Peet’s “I would like to thank all our teams around the world for their perseverance while successfully navigating our company through all the ongoing challenges and complexity and for delivering this strong set of results. We are pleased with our first-half 2021 results, across all key metrics, including top-line, profitability, cash generation and in-market performance. Guided by our refreshed strategy, we delivered 4.2% organic sales growth, in a quality way, with a gross profit margin expansion of 26 basis points that enabled JDE Peet's to reinvest behind its powerful portfolio of brands and future growth opportunities. In the first half of the year, we also continued to evolve our business portfolio. We announced partnerships with J.M. Smucker in the US and with Pret A Manger in the UK, the acquisition of Campos in Australia and the divestment of two small businesses in the Netherlands and France. We also significantly optimised our financial position and capital structure, reducing our leverage to below 3x, and our average cost of debt to around 1.5%, from our successful refinancing and inaugural bond issue. Looking at our Sustainability agenda, I am very pleased that in June, our European manufacturing footprint reached Zero Landfill status. Based on the progress made in the first half of 2021 and our current expectations for the remainder of the year, we remain confident to reach our outlook for the year, being intentional on managing inflation and navigating the enduring uncertainty of the pandemic." 1 This press release contains certain non-IFRS fi

=== [ES] jde-peets-half-year-results-2025-presentation.pdf ===
HALF-YEAR RESULTS 2025 30 JULY 2025 AGENDA H1 25 HIGHLIGHTS RAFA OLIVEIRA STRATEGIC UPDATE RAFA OLIVEIRA H1 25 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE YANG XU FY 25 OUTLOOK YANG XU QUESTIONS & ANSWERS IMPORTANT INFORMATION Presentation The condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements of JDE Peet’s N.V. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”). In preparing the financial information in these materials, except as otherwise described, the same accounting principles are applied as in the consolidated financial statements of the Group as of, and for, the year ended 31 December 2024 and the related notes thereto. All figures in these materials are unaudited. In preparing the financial information included in these materials, most numerical figures are presented in millions of euro. Certain figures in these materials, including financial data, have been rounded. In tables, negative amounts are shown in parentheses. Otherwise, negative amounts are shown by "-" or "negative" before the amount. Non-IFRS Measures These materials contain non-IFRS financial measures (the “Non-IFRS Measures”), which are not liquidity or performance measures under IFRS. These Non-IFRS Measures are presented in addition to the figures that are prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Group's use of Non-IFRS Measures may vary significantly from the use of other companies in its industry. The measures used should not be considered as an alternative to profit (loss), revenue or any other performance measure derived in accordance with IFRS or to net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of liquidity. For further information on Non-IFRS Measures, see the definitions in the press release and adjusted EBIT as described in segment information in the condensed consolidated unaudited interim financial statements. Forward-looking Statements These materials contain forward-looking statements as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 concerning the financial condition, res