=== [ER] jde-peets-half-year-results-2024-report.pdf ===
¡ Amsterdam, 31 July 2024 JDE Peet’s reports half-year results 2024 Strong, broad-based performance across top-line, profitability and cash flow Key items1 • Organic sales up +3.6% (5-yr CAGR: +5.0%), driven by +2.4% price and +1.2% volume/mix • Reported sales up +5.6% to EUR 4,210 million • Organic adjusted gross profit up +9.0% • Organic adjusted EBIT up +17.5% (5-yr CAGR: +4.4%); A&P slightly up organically • Free cash flow of EUR 315 million; net leverage at 3.1x • Underlying EPS of EUR 0.76; Basic EPS of EUR 0.74 • FY 24 outlook raised A message from Luc Vandevelde, Interim CEO of JDE Peet’s "I am very pleased with this strong set of results for the first half of 2024. We delivered robust, broad-based performance across top-line, profitability and cash flow, despite operating in a challenging environment that continues to be characterised by rising green coffee prices and a growing demand for more affordable offerings. In the first half, we continued to make good progress in our strategic priorities, achieving double-digit growth in E-commerce and China, continued good performance for Peet's and L'OR Barista. The integration of Maratá and Caribou is also well underway, with both delivering results that are in line with our expectations. This overall strong performance underscores the strength of our business, bolstered by our multi-channel approach, diverse high-quality product offerings, powerful brands, leading market positions, and the resilience of our organisation. Given our strong H1 performance and our expectations for H2 – including the continued inflation and volatility in green coffee prices and the additional pricing this will require - we are confident in raising our full-year outlook across top-line, profitability and cash flow, also enabling us to bring down our net leverage to below 3x within 12 months after closing Maratá and Caribou." 1 This press release contains Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), which are not recognised measures of financial performance under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these APMs to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures, refer to Reconciliation of non-IFRS information on page 7. | 1 Outlook 2024 Taking into account the strong performance in H1 24 as well as the expectations for H2, including the continued inflation and volatility in green coffee prices and the additional pricing this will require, the company increases its outlook for full-year 2024: • Organic sales growth at the higher end of its medium-term range of 3 - 5% (increased); • Organic adjusted EBIT growth of around 10% (increased); • Free cash flow of at least EUR 850 million (increased); • Net leverage below 3x (improved); • Stable dividend (unchanged) Sustainability JDE Peet's continues to demonstrate resilience and agility as a responsible and sustainable company, delivering financial and operational results while advancing on our ESG objectives. In the first half of 2024, JDE Peet's aligned its GHG emissions reduction ambition to be net-zero in 2050, including the new Forestry, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) target, and validated by SBTi: • A 43% reduction in absolute Scope 1 & 2 emissions by 20302 • A 30% reduction in absolute forest, land and agriculture (FLAG) emissions by 20302 • 25% reduction in absolute Scope 3 emissions by 2030, from a 2020 base year (industrial non-FLAG). We also continue to progress on our preparedness for the EU Deforestation Regulation (EUDR). This new regulation requires companies to demonstrate as of January 2025, that, among others, all green coffee imports into the EU, have not been harvested from land deforested after 31 December 2020 (the EUDR cutoff date). In collaboration with Enveritas, we initiated a groundbreaking project in 2023 to map coffee-related deforestation globally. To date, more than 90% of the world's coffee growing-areas have been mapped, revealing that less than 0.07% of the coffee-related plots show deforestation after 31 December 2020 . We are engaging with local operators, governments, NGOs and farmers in multiple countries to effectively mitigate and prevent deforestation. 2 from a 2020 base year | 2 FINANCIAL REVIEW HALF-YEAR 2024 in EUR million (unless otherwise stated) Sales Gross Profit 1 Adjusted gross profit 3,988 Organic change 3.6% Reported change 5.6% 1,683 1,542 8.5% 9.1% 6M 2024 6M 2023 4,210 1,636 1,490 9.0% 9.8% Operating profit 672 323 104.9% 108.0% Adjusted EBIT1 692 581 17.5% 19.2% Profit for the period 360 193 — 86.5% 1 Underlying profit for the period 370 411 — -10.0% Basic EPS (EUR)2 0.74 0.41 — 80.5% 0.76 0.85 — -10.6% 1,2,3 Underlying EPS (EUR) 1 Alternative Performance Measure. Refer to Reconciliation of non-IFRS information on page 7 2 Based on weighted average number of shares outstanding 3 Underlying earnings (per share) exclude all adjusting items (net of tax) Total reported sales increased by 5.6% to EUR 4,210 million. Excluding a -1.8% effect related to foreign exchange and 3.9% related to scope and other changes, sales increased by 3.6% on an organic basis. Organic sales growth was driven by a price effect of 2.4% and a volume/mix effect of 1.2%. In-Home sales increased organically by 3.4% and in Away-from-Home by 4.2%. The 5-year organic CAGR for sales was 5.0%. Total adjusted EBIT increased organically by 17.5% to EUR 692 million. The increase was driven by an organic increase of 9.0% in adjusted gross profit, including a one-off EUR 16 million insurance payout related to a warehouse issue that impacted performance at Peet's in H1 23, and disciplined cost control. A&P was broadly around the same level as in the same period last year, increasing slightly on an organic basis. The 5year organic CAGR for adjusted EBIT was 4.4%. Including the effects of foreign exchange and scope changes, adjusted EBIT increased by 19.2%. Operating profit more than doubled to EUR 672 million, which is partially explained by EUR 238 million lower adjusting items compared to the same period last year. Profit for the period increased by 86.5% to EUR 360 million. Underlying profit - excluding all adjusting items net of tax - decreased by 10.0% to EUR 370 million. This performance was mainly driven by an unfavourable non-cash, non-tax deductible impact of EUR 113 million from a fair value change in the company's equity derivatives, due to the decrease in the share price in H1 24. Excluding the aforementioned fair value change, the underlying effective tax rate would have been around 25% and

=== [ER] jde-peets-full-year-results-2023-report.pdf ===
9 Amsterdam, 21 February 2024 JDE Peet’s reports full-year results 2023 Strong H2 23, marking the return to the long-term profitability algorithm Key items1 • Organic sales up +3.9% (H2 23: +4.3%), with positive volume/mix momentum in H2 • Organic adj. EBIT up +1.1% (H2 23: +5.5%); up more than 6% FY when excluding Russia's performance • Organic adj. gross profit increased +2.9% (H2 23: +4.7%), from premiumisation and efficiencies • Free cash flow of EUR 522 million and leverage of 2.7x, despite currency headwinds • Underlying EPS of EUR 1.51, with strong operating result offset by fair value changes of derivatives & FX • GHG emissions reduced by 9% in 2023, cumulating to -21% in Scope 1 & 2 and -9% in Scope 3 vs 2020 • Proposal to pay a cash dividend of EUR 0.70 per share in two equal instalments A message from Fabien Simon, CEO of JDE Peet’s “We concluded 2023 with a very strong second semester, marked by an acceleration of JDE Peet’s organic top line and adjusted EBIT growth. We are back to our long-term profitability algorithm, excluding Russia's performance. While the Coffee industry had been confronted with compounding disruptions over the last 3 years, our 2023 performance is the result of the agility and disciplined execution of the transformation we went through since 2021, to become a more global, more digital, and more sustainable company. We are rediscovering the power of our brands. While we stepped-up investments, execution and innovation, we have brought back relevance for our consumers and customers. As a result, we have gained market shares globally in 2023 across the premium coffee categories of Single-Serve, Instant and Beans. In 2023, JDE Peet’s was recognised as an innovation leader (GlobalData), as well as an industry mover in sustainability (S&P Global). We brought industry-first innovation with home-recyclable paper packs for instant coffee, and are leading progress on deforestation by leveraging AI and inclusive ecosystems at origin countries. We are holding ground in Europe, growing double-digit in China, and are accelerating our globalisation organically, and more recently inorganically in the largest global coffee markets in value (US) and in cups (Brazil). Strengthening our fundamentals, our brands and our innovation capabilities is elevating our premium growth trajectory and brings confidence in our ability to create sustaining long-term shareholder returns and societal value.” 1 This press release contains certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios, which are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures, see page 7 of this press release. | 1 Sustainability We continued to achieve meaningful results for each of the three pillars of our Common Grounds programme, that embodies our ambition to positively impact people, our planet, and the future of coffee & tea, and is driven by our purpose "To unleash the possibilities of coffee & tea for a better future". During the year, we made strong progress on our goal towards 100% responsibly sourced green coffee by 2025, reaching 83.8% (2022: 77%). By year end, we had a portfolio of 63 active projects, through which we have reached more than 108,000 additional smallholder farmers, bringing the total number of smallholder farmers we have reached since 2015, to 700,900. 100% of the palm oil we used in 2023 was responsibly sourced, and we are on track to reach our goal towards 100% responsibly sourced tea in 2025. We also continued to make strong progress in reducing our footprint with a reduction of -21% in Scope 1 & 2 emissions and -9% in Scope 3 emissions versus base year 2020. We also substantially increased our sustainability ambitions by defining a comprehensive strategic plan to deliver on our long-term targets, including new and stronger SBTi goals to net-zero, and we have built an integrated carbon accounting platform to track and accelerate the delivery of our Sustainability objectives. In 2023, our pay-equity gap remained below 1%, which is well under the future's EU directive's threshold of 5%, and 41% of all leadership positions within JDE Peet's were held by women. Outlook 2024 JDE Peet's expects the following for 2024: • Organic sales growth at the lower end of the medium-term range of 3 to 5% • Mid-single-digit organic adjusted EBIT growth, excluding Russia's performance; Total company: low single-digit growth in H1 and mid-single-digit growth in H2 • Net leverage of around 3x (including Maratá and Caribou transactions) supported by Free Cash Flow above the level of FY 23 • A stable dividend Dividend JDE Peet's' Board proposes to pay a dividend of EUR 0.70 per share in cash related to FY 23. The dividend will be paid in two instalments of EUR 0.35 each. The first payment date will be on Friday, 12 July 2024, with the ex-dividend date on Monday, 8 July 2024 and the record date on Tuesday, 9 July 2024. The second payment date will be on Friday, 24 January 2025, with the ex-dividend date on Monday, 20 January 2025 and the record date on Tuesday, 21 January 2025. The dividend proposal is subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on Thursday, 30 May 2024. | 2 FINANCIAL REVIEW FULL-YEAR 2023 in EUR m (unless otherwise stated) FY 2023 FY 2022 Sales 8,191 8,151 3.9% 0.5% Adjusted EBIT 1,128 1,227 1.1% -8.1% 734 936 — -21.6% 1.51 1.91 — -20.9% 0.76 1.57 — -51.6% Underlying profit for the period Underlying EPS (EUR) 1, 2 Reported basic EPS (EUR) Organic change Reported change 1 Underlying earnings (per share) exclude all adjusting items (net of tax) 2 Based on 485,747,602 shares (excluding treasury shares) outstanding at 31 December 2023 (2022: 485,235,677) Total reported sales increased by 0.5% to EUR 8,191 million. Excluding a -3.7% effect related to foreign exchange and 0.3% related to scope and other changes, total sales increased by 3.9% organically. Organic sales growth reflects a price effect of 4.7% and a volume/mix effect of -0.8%. Volume/mix sequentially improved from -3.3% in H1 to 1.8% in H2. In-Home sales increased by 3.3% and sales in Away-from-Home increased by 6.4%. Adjusted EBIT increased organically by more than 6%, excluding Russia's performance. Including Russia's performance, total adjusted EBIT increased organically by 1.1% to EUR 1,128 million supported by an organic increase in adjusted gross profit of 2

=== [ER] jde-peets-half-year-results-2023-report.pdf ===
JDE Peet’s reports half-year results 2023 Focus and disciplined execution of strategy, leading to in-market outperformance Key items1 • Organic sales up +3.5% (+2.4% reported), driven by +6.8% price and volume/mix of -3.3% • Organic gross profit up +0.9% and high single-digit growth of advertising spend • Organic adjusted EBIT down -3.0% to EUR 581 million • Free cash flow of EUR 14 million due to normalisation of working capital; net leverage at 2.8x • Underlying EPS of EUR 0.85 • FY 23 outlook updated A message from Fabien Simon, CEO of JDE Peet’s In the first half of 2023, we delivered resilient financial performance in a category that is globally adjusting in the aftermath of the pandemic, and coping with persistent inflation. Against this backdrop and despite an industry volume decline in Europe, we delivered mid-single-digit top-line growth, driven by our premium product portfolio, E-commerce acceleration and strong performance in the US and in emerging markets. We continue to be guided by our renewed strategic framework to become more global, more digital and more sustainable. We are now very pleased to witness the in-market outperformance of JDE Peet's globally from the disciplined execution of our strategic priorities. In a fast evolving environment, we remain focused and nimble. In the first half of 2023, we have initiated the transition of an omni-channel organisation in Europe, and towards a local portfolio in Russia. In parallel, we will increase our global consumer reach, with the intended acquisition of Maratá's coffee & tea platform in Brazil and the launch of L’OR Barista in the US. While anticipating an acceleration of our organic sales growth in H2, we expect the business environment to remain volatile. As there is uncertainty of the impact of the transition from international brands to local brands in Russia, we believe it is more appropriate to guide our full year organic adjusted EBIT growth in the range of a low single-digit increase and low single-digit decrease. The tangible progress of our transformation - brand health, team engagement, gross profit and sustainability, just to name a few - is positioning us well to deliver sustained shareholder returns and societal value." 1 This press release contains certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios, which are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures, see page 7 of this press release. JDE Peet's | 1 Broad-based progress made on our strategic Sustainability agenda In the first half of 2023, we have made good progress against our strategic Sustainability roadmap and multiyear objectives. Our long-term Sustainability agenda is now deeply embedded across the entire organisation and in our strategic decision making. Our carbon accounting system has been rolled out and enables us to track our carbon footprint up to the individual SKU level and allows to have a full view of our carbon reduction performance alongside financial performance. During this semester, we announced, among others, the intention to launch a new, fully compostable coffee capsule, which allows for an uncompromising high-quality in-cup experience, and we announced the intention to launch a new paper pack for our soluble coffee ranges, which is recyclable and is the first of its kind in the coffee market. Moreover, the coffee from this new paper pack will generate the lowest carbon footprint within our existing range of products. In addition, JDE Peet's has become a member of the ILO Child Labour Platform, to tackle the root causes of child labour in the coffee supply chain, and we published our Water Stewardship Policy and our Nutrition Policy. Update on Russia Since the start of the war, JDE Peet's has sought to ensure that its business in Russia is operated as a standalone business to the greatest extent possible. The company has now taken the next step by transitioning to a local portfolio of brands, which resulted in a non-cash impairment of EUR 185 million of the Jacobs brand in H1 23 and is expected to lead to meaningfully lower contribution from Russia in H2 23. Outlook 2023 JDE Peet's expects the business environment to remain volatile and vulnerable for the remainder of 2023. As there is uncertainty on the impact of the transition from international brands to local brands in Russia, the company now expects to deliver the following for full-year 2023: • Organic sales growth at the high end of its medium-term range of 3 - 5% (unchanged) • Adjusted EBIT to fall within the range of a low single-digit organic increase and a low single-digit organic decline (updated) • Net leverage below 3.0x, with Free Cash Flow of around EUR 400 million, post normalisation of working capital, confirming an ongoing run-rate of EUR 1 bn on a 3-yr average (additional) • A stable dividend (unchanged) JDE Peet's | 2 FINANCIAL REVIEW HALF-YEAR 2023 in EUR m (unless otherwise stated) 6M 2023 6M 2022 3,988 3,896 3.5% 2.4% 581 631 -3.0% -7.9% 411 523 - -21.4% Underlying EPS (EUR) 0.85 1.05 - -19.6% Reported basic EPS (EUR)2 0.41 1.02 - -59.8% Sales Adjusted EBIT Underlying profit for the period 1, 2 Organic change Reported change 1 Underlying earnings (per share) exclude all adjusting items (net of tax) 2 Based on weighted average number of shares outstanding Total reported sales increased by 2.4% to EUR 3,988 million. Excluding a -1.6% effect related to foreign exchange and 0.4% related to scope and other changes, total sales increased by 3.5% on an organic basis, with 3 out of 4 segments growing between 5% and 10% organically. Organic sales growth reflects a price effect of 6.8% and a volume/mix effect of -3.3%. In-Home sales increased organically by 2.2% and in Awayfrom-Home by 9.0%, resulting in a 4-yr organic CAGR of 6.7% for In-Home sales and 0.6% for Away-fromHome sales. Total adjusted EBIT decreased organically by 3.0% to EUR 581 million as an increase in gross profit was offset by an increase in SG&A. Including the effects of foreign exchange and scope changes, adjusted EBIT decreased by 7.9%. Underlying profit - excluding all adjusting items net of tax - decreased by 21.4% to EUR 411 million. This performance was mainly driven by an unfavourable impact from fair value changes in derivatives and forex and a lower level of operating profit, and includes an underlying effective tax rate of 23.5%. Net leverage 

=== [ER] jde-peets-half-year-results-2022-report.pdf ===
JDE Peet’s reports half-year results 2022 Successfully navigating the macro backdrop, with another strong set of quality results Key items1 • Organic sales up +15.7% (+19.7% reported), driven by +15.9% price and stable volume/mix of -0.2% • Organic gross profit up +1.4%, coupled with increasing investments for growth (organic SG&A +4.2%) • Organic adjusted EBIT down -2.1% to EUR 631 million • Free cash flow increased to EUR 696 million; leverage at 2.78x incl. EUR 500 million share buyback • Underlying EPS up +18.3% to EUR 1.05 • Amplifying progress on sustainability commitments, with step-change in responsible sourcing • FY 22 outlook confirmed A message from Fabien Simon, CEO of JDE Peet’s “Half-way through 2022, we delivered very well on our commitments, despite unprecedented economic and geopolitical disruptions, exacerbated by the tragic war in Ukraine. Our strong set of results is a testament to the resilient growth profile of JDE Peet’s, supported by powerful brands, leading market positions and talented teams around the world. We are successfully navigating through supply chain disruptions, pandemic effects and mounting inflation, while keeping course of our value creation agenda, centred around quality and inclusive revenue growth. E-commerce sales kept growing organically at a double-digit rate, as did revenue in the U.S. and in China inhome, while we are accelerating the store expansion there. Confronted with an exceptional level of cost inflation, we stepped-up efficiencies, and leveraged portfolio and revenue management. We implemented affordable price increases of less than 1 euro-cent per cup, on average. As a result, the absolute gross profit held up well year-over-year. Not only did we lead on pricing, delivered double-digit earnings growth per share and further increased our investments for growth, but we also amplified our sustainability agenda, with the ambition to elevate the industry standard, targeting 80% responsibly sourced coffee by the end of 2022. Based on the progress made in the first half of 2022, we remain confident to reach our full-year outlook, while we continue to navigate, with humility and agility, the unpredictable inflationary environment, geo-political unrest and ongoing effects of the pandemic." 1 This press release contains certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios, which are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures, see page 7 of this press release. | 1 Advancing on Sustainability Through its Common Grounds sustainability programme, JDE Peet's has embarked on a journey built on authenticity, to support inclusive and regenerative behaviours from farm to cup and to embrace circular practices across the entire value chain. The sustainability programme consists of three pillars: Responsible Sourcing, fostering thriving agricultural supply chains; Minimised Footprint, to reduce the company's environmental impact; and Connected People, to engage the company's employees and its communities. Through its responsible sourcing and supplier engagement programme, JDE Peet's is committed to a sustainable supply of coffee & tea from various origins that supports farming communities’ vision of prosperity and contributes to healthy ecosystems. Under this programme, JDE Peet's has significantly accelerated its journey towards responsibly sourcing 100% of its coffee by 2025 as the company substantially increased its responsibly sourced coffee target from 30% to 80% by the end of 2022. JDE Peet's also made good progress in reducing its carbon footprint. In the first half of 2022, for instance, the company increased the use of renewable electricity in manufacturing to more than 40%. In addition, the company further improved the gender diversity of the Board through the appointments of three female Board members during the 2022 AGM. Outlook 2022 JDE Peet's expects the business environment to remain volatile for the remainder of 2022 as input cost inflation, geo-political unrest and certain effects of the pandemic persist. Within this context, the company continues to expect to deliver double-digit organic sales growth, with disciplined pricing for inflation, while aiming for a stable level of gross profit compared to last year. The company will continue to invest in its people and strategic growth opportunities, while keeping a tight focus on other cost items, and expects to deliver free cash flow of at least EUR 1 billion. FINANCIAL REVIEW HALF-YEAR 2022 in EUR m (unless otherwise stated) 6M 2022 6M 2021 3,896 3,254 15.7% 19.7% 631 636 -2.1% -0.8% 523 446 - 17.3% Underlying EPS (EUR) 1.05 0.89 - 18.3% Reported basic EPS (EUR)2 1.02 0.76 - 33.9% Sales Adjusted EBIT Underlying profit for the period 1, 2 Organic change Reported change 1 Underlying earnings (per share) exclude all adjusting items (net of tax) 2 Based on weighted average number of shares outstanding Total reported sales increased by 19.7% to EUR 3,896 million. Excluding a positive effect of 3.7% related to foreign exchange and 0.3% related to scope and other changes, total sales increased by 15.7% on an organic basis. Organic sales growth was driven by 15.9% in price and stable volume/mix of -0.2%. In-Home sales increased by 12.0% and sales in Away-from-Home increased by 33.7%, on an organic basis. Total adjusted EBIT decreased by 0.8% to EUR 631 million on a reported basis. Excluding the effects of foreign exchange and scope and other changes, the Adjusted EBIT decreased organically by 2.1%, as slightly higher gross profit was offset by increased investments in advertising, digital and emerging markets capabilities, which, in turn, was partially offset by lower promotions. The organic increase in gross profit was driven by ongoing cost discipline, simplification, revenue management and pricing to offset inflation. Underlying profit - excluding all adjusting items net of tax - increased by 17.3% to EUR 523 million, supported by lower interest expenses as a result of deleveraging and lower average cost of debt, following the company's refinancing in 2021, as well as by a reduction of other finance expenses, a favourable impact from derivatives, and an increase in financial income. | 2 Net leverage increased slightly from 2.7x at the end of FY 21 to 2.8x net debt to adjusted EBITDA at the end of H1 22, as the company allocated EUR 500 million to 

=== [ER] jde-peets-half-year-results-2021-report.pdf ===
JDE Peet’s reports half-year results 2021 Good progress and broad-based performance, delivered in a quality way Key items1 • Total organic sales grew 4.2%, supported by In-Home momentum (+4.9%) and fuelled by Single Serve and Beans growing double-digit. E-commerce grew by 30% In-Home • Away-from-Home returned to profitability, despite largely stable sales base on average for H1 (+0.7%) although with visible positive reopening effects in Q2 • Organic adjusted EBIT grew 0.8% to EUR 636 million, with gross profit margin expansion • Free cash flow of EUR 553 million and net debt reduced to EUR 4,660 million • Leverage reduced to 2.98x, from 3.23x at the end of FY 20 • Underlying EPS grew 12.9%, mainly supported by operational improvements • Positive market share performance across technologies and continued progress on Sustainability • Confident to reach FY 21 outlook A message from Fabien Simon, CEO of JDE Peet’s “I would like to thank all our teams around the world for their perseverance while successfully navigating our company through all the ongoing challenges and complexity and for delivering this strong set of results. We are pleased with our first-half 2021 results, across all key metrics, including top-line, profitability, cash generation and in-market performance. Guided by our refreshed strategy, we delivered 4.2% organic sales growth, in a quality way, with a gross profit margin expansion of 26 basis points that enabled JDE Peet's to reinvest behind its powerful portfolio of brands and future growth opportunities. In the first half of the year, we also continued to evolve our business portfolio. We announced partnerships with J.M. Smucker in the US and with Pret A Manger in the UK, the acquisition of Campos in Australia and the divestment of two small businesses in the Netherlands and France. We also significantly optimised our financial position and capital structure, reducing our leverage to below 3x, and our average cost of debt to around 1.5%, from our successful refinancing and inaugural bond issue. Looking at our Sustainability agenda, I am very pleased that in June, our European manufacturing footprint reached Zero Landfill status. Based on the progress made in the first half of 2021 and our current expectations for the remainder of the year, we remain confident to reach our outlook for the year, being intentional on managing inflation and navigating the enduring uncertainty of the pandemic." 1 This press release contains certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios, which are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures, see page 6 of this press release. | 1 Sustainability We continued to make good progress on our Sustainability agenda in the first half of 2021. In March, when we refinanced our bank facilities, we connected EUR 2.5 bn of our investment grade facilities to our sustainability ambitions. That same month, we also committed to adopt a Science-Based Target and we are on track to announce a science-based greenhouse gas reduction target through SBTi in the second half of this year. In manufacturing, our facility in Gavle, Sweden, was the first one to achieve the PAS2060 certification for carbon neutrality in March, and in June, all our manufacturing facilities in Europe reached the Zero Landfill status for the first time. Outlook 2021 Although vaccination programmes around the world continue to support the gradual lifting of lockdown measures, the COVID situation remains highly volatile and uncertain as, unfortunately, spikes in infection rates in a number of countries continue to lead to new lockdowns. This continues to limit the visibility and predictability regarding the timing and the pace of the recovery in our Away-from-Home businesses. Within this context, we continue to expect organic sales growth of 3 to 5% in FY 21, assuming a gradual recovery in Away-from-Home. We also continue to expect organic adjusted EBIT to grow in the low singledigit range in FY 21, as we step up our investments for growth, notably in marketing and innovation support. Our commitment to reduce our leverage to below 3x net debt to EBITDA was achieved by the end of June. FINANCIAL REVIEW HALF-YEAR 2021 in EUR m (unless otherwise stated) Sales Adjusted EBIT Underlying profit for the period Underlying EPS (EUR) 1, 2 Reported basic EPS (EUR) 6M 2021 6M 2020 3,254 3,236 4.2% 0.5% 636 642 0.8% -1.0% 446 393 - 13.5% 0.89 0.79 - 12.9% 0.76 0.44 - 72.7% Organic change Reported change 1 Underlying earnings (per share) exclude all adjusting items (net of tax) 2 Based on 501,446,549 shares outstanding (H1 20: 498,719,501) on 30 June In H1 21, total sales increased by 4.2% on an organic basis. Our In-Home businesses continued to deliver strong organic sales growth of 4.9% while sales in Away-from-Home remained relatively stable (+0.7%) as the positive effects of re-openings in a limited number of countries in the course of H1 21 was largely offset by new lockdowns in a number of other markets. Total organic sales growth reflects a volume/mix effect of 3.7% and 0.4% in price. Changes in scope and other changes decreased sales by 0.2% while foreign exchange had a negative impact of 3.5%. Total reported sales increased by 0.5% to EUR 3,254 million. Adjusted EBIT increased organically by 0.8% to EUR 636 million driven by increased gross profit which was partially re-invested in marketing, innovations and growth capabilities. Adjusted SG&A increased organically by EUR 61 million. Including the effects of foreign exchange and scope changes, adjusted EBIT decreased by 1.0%. Underlying profit - excluding all adjusting items net of tax - increased by 13.5% to EUR 446 million supported by lower interest expenses as a result of deleveraging and lower average cost of debt, as well as a reduction of other finance expenses. Net leverage improved to 2.98x net debt to adjusted EBITDA from 3.23x at the end of FY 20. | 2 In the first half of 2021, both Moody's and Standard & Poor's assigned investment grade ratings with a stable outlook to JDE Peet's, underscoring our operating strength, strong financial discipline, and continued progress on deleveraging. Our liquidity position remains strong, with total liquidity of EUR 2 billion consisting of a cash position of EUR 0.5 billion and available committed RCF facilities of EUR 1.5 billion. FINANCIAL REVIEW HALF-Y

=== [ER] jde-peets-full-year-results-2021-report.pdf ===
JDE Peet’s reports full-year results 2021 High-quality growth, elevating the power of the company portfolio Key items1 • FY 21 organic sales up +6.1%, accelerating to +7.9% in H2 • Deliberate increase in investments for growth (>EUR 110 mln), self-funded by gross profit up +5% • Solid market shares, while leading on price increases in the majority of geographies and categories • Organic adjusted EBIT up +1.5% to EUR 1,304 million • Free cash flow increased to EUR 1,368 million and leverage reduced to below 2.7x • Underlying EPS up +13.7% to EUR 1.79 • Stepping up the progress on sustainability and raising the ambition • Proposal to pay a cash dividend of EUR 0.70 per share in two equal instalments A message from Fabien Simon, CEO of JDE Peet’s “I am very pleased with JDE Peet’s' performance in 2021. We delivered on all our commitments, in a highquality way, in another year of unexpected global disruptions. I would like to thank our teams and partners for their resilience and exceptional agility in managing the challenging operating conditions. 2021 marked the year where we refocused on our founding entrepreneurial values. We set out our new strategic framework, re-invested in our powerful portfolio, and reinforced our operational discipline, including taking the lead on pricing in the majority of our markets. As a result, our organic sales growth accelerated, the absolute margin per cup increased, so did the free cash flow generation. In parallel, we stepped up our commitment to an inclusive growth model, with tracking and tangible progress on sustainability as well as a higher ambition going forward. Finally, we further strengthened our financial position and capital structure. This year, we became a nimbler global coffee & tea pure player and our brands emerged stronger. This gives me confidence that JDE Peet’s can successfully navigate an unprecedented year of inflation in 2022.” 1 This press release contains certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios, which are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures, see page 7 of this press release. | 1 Advancing on Sustainability JDE Peet's' sustainability strategy is built on three pillars: Common Grounds, to contribute to thriving agricultural supply chains; Minimised Footprint, to reduce its environmental impact; and Connected People, to engage the company's employees and its communities. Under its Common Grounds programme, the company increased the number of smallholder farmers that were reached since 2015 to more than 470,000 through more than 50 collaborative projects across 18 countries, despite the pandemic. This also supported the increase in the share of coffee, tea and palm oil that were responsibly sourced in 2021. As such, the company is well on its way to have 100% of the company's coffee, tea and palm oil responsibly sourced by 2025. JDE Peet's also made good progress in reducing its footprint. The company increased the share of packaging designed to be reusable, recyclable or compostable to 88% and achieved 40% recycled content in packaging, reaching its target ahead of time. In addition, its entire European manufacturing network plus five other manufacturing sites reached zero-waste-to-landfill status and overall manufacturing waste reduced by 15%. Commitment to SBTi-approved targets to reduce GHG emissions JDE Peet's has set SBTi-approved targets to reduce GHG emissions in its own operations and across its value chain, in line with the Paris Agreement commitment to limit warming to well-below 2°C. JDE Peet's has committed to reduce absolute GHG emissions for scope 1 & 2 by 25% and for scope 3 by 12.5% by 2030, from its 2020 base year. In 2021, GHG emissions across scope 1, 2 and 3 reduced by 5%. Outlook 2022 JDE Peet's expects the business environment in 2022 to remain volatile as input cost inflation and some effects of COVID-19 might persist. Within this context, the company expects to deliver double-digit organic sales growth, with disciplined pricing for inflation, while aiming for a stable level of gross profit compared to last year. The company will continue to invest in its people and strategic growth opportunities, while keeping a tight focus on other cost items, and expects to deliver Free Cash Flow of at least EUR 1 bn. Medium- to Long-Term Targets For the medium- to long-term, JDE Peet's continues to target organic sales growth of 3 to 5% and mid-singledigit organic adjusted EBIT growth with quality margins, and a free cash flow conversion of approximately 70%. Dividend JDE Peet's' Board proposes to pay a dividend of EUR 0.70 per share in cash related to FY 21. The dividend will be paid in two instalments of EUR 0.35 each. The first payment date will be on Friday 15 July 2022, with the ex-dividend date on Monday 11 July 2022 and the record date on Tuesday 12 July 2022. The second payment date will be on Friday 27 January 2023, with the ex-dividend date on Monday 23 January 2023 and the record date on Tuesday 24 January 2023. The dividend proposal is subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on Wednesday 11 May 2022. | 2 FINANCIAL REVIEW FULL-YEAR 2021 in EUR m (unless otherwise stated) FY 2021 FY 2020 Sales 7,001 6,651 6.1% 5.3% Adjusted EBIT 1,304 1,278 1.5% 2.0% 899 787 - 14.2% 1.79 1.57 - 13.7% 1.53 0.80 - 90.6% Underlying profit for the period Underlying EPS (EUR) 1, 2 Reported basic EPS (EUR) Organic change Reported change 1 Underlying earnings (per share) exclude all adjusting items (net of tax) 2 Based on 501,951,089 shares outstanding (FY 20: 499,709,030) on 31 December 2021 In FY 21, total sales increased by 6.1% on an organic basis. The In-Home business continued to deliver strong organic sales growth of 5.0% while sales in Away-from-Home increased by 11.5% as the positive effects of (partial) re-openings in most regions more than offset the negative effects of new waves of lockdown measures, most notably in the second half of the year. Total organic sales growth reflects a volume/mix effect of 3.5% and 2.5% in price. Changes in scope and other changes increased sales by 0.2% while foreign exchange had a negative impact of 1.0%. Total reported sales increased by 5.3% to EUR 7,001 million. Adjusted EBIT increased organically by 1.5% to EUR 1,304 million driven by a 5.4% organic increase in adjusted gross profit which

=== [ER] jde-peets-full-year-results-2020-report.pdf ===
Press release Amsterdam, 9 March 2021 JDE Peet’s reports full-year results 2020 H2 back to growth with better underlying momentum Key items 1 • Pure-play focus and powerful portfolio drove record In-Home organic sales growth of 9.1% in FY 20 • Total organic sales growth accelerated from -1.1% in H1 to 0.7% in H2, with In-Home at 9.8% and Away-from-Home at -29.8% due to new lockdowns in Q4 • Progress across all sustainability commitments, with notable increase in share of third-party certified/ verified coffee; 87% of packaging designed to be reusable, recyclable or compostable • Organic adjusted EBIT growth of 6.2% to EUR 1,278 million in FY 20 • Free cash flow of EUR 877 million, after one-off tax and IPO payments of EUR 277 million • Leverage improved to 3.2x, from 4.2x at the end of FY 19 • Proposal to pay a total cash dividend of EUR 0.70 per share in two equal instalments • FY 21 outlook: organic sales growth of 3 to 5%, with a catch-up on the marketing investment level, will result in a low single-digit organic increase in adjusted EBIT A message from Fabien Simon, CEO of JDE Peet’s “In an unprecedented year, JDE Peet’s employees and partners worked tirelessly to serve our loved coffee and tea brands to consumers across the six continents. I would like to thank the teams who rallied together, supported communities with initiatives across 30 countries, while ensuring the health and safety of our employees. JDE Peet's delivered a strong performance in 2020, demonstrating once again the resilience of the category we participate in, as well as the strengths and agility of our capabilities built over the last 268 years. As the world's largest coffee and tea pure player, we have become more relevant than ever before. We are evolving our portfolio and channel capabilities towards the fastest growing and more premium InHome propositions through our unique set of global and local brands. Our strategic choices and investments supported a record In-Home organic growth of 9.1% in 2020, with increasing momentum in the second part of the year on sales growth, pricing and in-market performance. We improved our leverage, and reduced net debt by another EUR 462 million in the second half of 2020. Our confidence in sustained strong free cash flow generation enables us to propose a cash dividend of EUR 0.70 per share. 2021 is expected to be another uncertain year and the long-lasting impacts of the pandemic are unclear and will need to be assessed, in particular the implications for the Away-from-Home channel. We therefore consider it appropriate to adjust our medium- to long-term targets. We are very confident of our growth opportunities to support 3 to 5% organic sales growth and mid-single-digit organic adjusted EBIT growth with quality margins, further deleveraging, and funding inorganic growth from our strong cash flow generation. These medium- to long-term targets point to the 2021 outlook of organic sales growth of 3 to 5%, combined with a low single-digit organic increase in adjusted EBIT, delivered in a quality way, with A&P trending back towards the FY 19 level." 1 This press release contains certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios, which are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures, see page 7 of this press release. 1/22 Corporate Responsibility JDE Peet's' Corporate Responsibility strategy is built on three pillars: Common Grounds, addressing the priority issues in our supply chain; Minimised Footprint, aimed at reducing our environmental impact; and Connected People, engaging our employees and our communities. In 2020, we made good progress on our Corporate Responsibility Programme. Under our Common Grounds programme, we increased the share of responsibly sourced coffee, and significantly increased the number of smallholders we reach through our collaborative programmes, despite the pandemic. In 2020, 87% of our primary and secondary packaging was either reusable, recyclable or compostable, while 33% of our packaging came from recycled materials, which is restricted by current regulations limiting the use of recycled content within packaging which is in direct food contact. We successfully relaunched our leading Senseo brand, with an industry-first compostable coffee pad containing 100% certified coffee and low-environmental impact appliances to create a truly sustainable offering for our consumers. Most recently, we partnered with Nestlé in the UK to launch Podback, enabling consumers to return our Tassimo T-discs and L’OR coffee capsules more easily through a variety of methods. Outlook 2021 While uncertainty remains regarding the future implications COVID-19 may have on global markets, we believe that vaccination programmes around the world will lead to a gradual lifting of lockdown measures in the course of 2021. Within this context, we expect organic sales growth of 3 to 5% in FY 21, assuming a moderate recovery in Away-from-Home. To fully capture the growth opportunities we see in the coming years, we will step up our investments for growth in 2021, notably in marketing and innovation support. With these investments in growth, we expect organic adjusted EBIT growth to be in the low single-digit range in FY 21. We remain committed to reducing our leverage to below 3x net debt to adjusted EBITDA. Medium- to Long-Term Targets Following the unprecedented developments related to the COVID pandemic and the long-lasting changes the company expects they will have on consumer behaviour, the company has reviewed its strategy in recent months. While management has concluded that the company's strategy will not be subject to any material changes, we are further encouraged by the future growth opportunities the team has identified. Consistent with JDE Peet's commitment to focus on the quality and sustainability of its organic sales growth and profitability, the company has decided to link its profitability target more closely to its organic sales growth target. As a result, the company targets for the medium- to long-term to deliver organic sales growth of 3 to 5% and mid-single-digit organic adjusted EBIT growth with quality margins. In addition, the company continues to target a Free Cash Flow conversion of approximately 70%. More information about the company's strategy and future growth opportunities will be shared with instituti

=== [ES] jde-peets-half-year-results-2025-presentation.pdf ===
HALF-YEAR RESULTS 2025 30 JULY 2025 AGENDA H1 25 HIGHLIGHTS RAFA OLIVEIRA STRATEGIC UPDATE RAFA OLIVEIRA H1 25 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE YANG XU FY 25 OUTLOOK YANG XU QUESTIONS & ANSWERS IMPORTANT INFORMATION Presentation The condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements of JDE Peet’s N.V. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”). In preparing the financial information in these materials, except as otherwise described, the same accounting principles are applied as in the consolidated financial statements of the Group as of, and for, the year ended 31 December 2024 and the related notes thereto. All figures in these materials are unaudited. In preparing the financial information included in these materials, most numerical figures are presented in millions of euro. Certain figures in these materials, including financial data, have been rounded. In tables, negative amounts are shown in parentheses. Otherwise, negative amounts are shown by "-" or "negative" before the amount. Non-IFRS Measures These materials contain non-IFRS financial measures (the “Non-IFRS Measures”), which are not liquidity or performance measures under IFRS. These Non-IFRS Measures are presented in addition to the figures that are prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Group's use of Non-IFRS Measures may vary significantly from the use of other companies in its industry. The measures used should not be considered as an alternative to profit (loss), revenue or any other performance measure derived in accordance with IFRS or to net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of liquidity. For further information on Non-IFRS Measures, see the definitions in the press release and adjusted EBIT as described in segment information in the condensed consolidated unaudited interim financial statements. Forward-looking Statements These materials contain forward-looking statements as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of the Group. These forward-looking statements and other statements contained in these materials regarding matters that are not historical facts involve predictions. No assurance can be given that such future results will be achieved. Actual events or results may differ materially as a result of risks and uncertainties facing the Group. Such risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to vary materially from the future results indicated, expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors that could affect the Group’s future operations and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements including (without limitation): (a) competitive pressures and changes in consumer trends and preferences as well as consumer perceptions of its brands; (b) fluctuations in the cost of green coffee, including premium Arabica coffee beans, tea or other commodities, and its ability to secure an adequate supply of quality or sustainable coffee and tea; (c) global and regional economic and financial conditions, as well as political and business conditions or other developments; (d) interruption in the Group's manufacturing and distribution facilities; (e) its ability to successfully innovate, develop and launch new products and product extensions and on effectively marketing its existing products; (f) actual or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations and any legal claims or government investigations in respect of the Group's businesses; (g) difficulties associated with successfully completing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses; (h) the loss of senior management and other key personnel; and (i) changes in applicable environmental laws or regulations. The forwardlooking statements contained in these materials speak only as of the date of these materials. The Group is not under any obligation to (and expressly disclaim any such obligation to) revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of these materials or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. The Group cannot give any assurance that forward-looking statements will prove correct, and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are described in the Company’s public filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten) and other disclosures. Market and Industry Data All references to industry forecasts, industry statistics, market data and market share in these materials comprise estimates compiled by analysts, competitors, industry professionals and organisations, of publicly available information or of the Group's own assessment of its markets and sales. Rankings are based on revenue, unless otherwise stated. . 3 H1 25 HIGHLIGHTS RAFA OLIVEIRA KEY HIGHLIGHTS HALF-YEAR 2025 Strong performance across topline, profitability and cash flow ▪ Sales ▪ ▪ ▪ Adj Gross profit Adj EBIT Free Cash Flow +22.5%1 +2.2%1 +2.0%1 EUR 565M Disciplined management of persistent green coffee price inflation Sustained market share performance Good progress on our 5 key priorities for 2025 Returned 43% of Free Cash Flow to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks 1 On an organic basis 5 KEY PRIORITIES FOR 2025 Progress 1 PRICING DISCIPLINE TO PROTECT PROFITABILITY 2 UNLOCK EFFICIENCIES TO FUEL BRAND GROWTH 3 IMPROVE CAPITAL & RESOURCE ALLOCATION 4 AGILITY & OWNERSHIP CULTURE 5 FOCUS ON STAKEHOLDER VALUE CREATION 6 WE ARE A C O F F E E F O R E V E R Y C U P. A B R A N D F O R E V E R Y H E A R T. WE FOCUS Reac h Full Potential In U.S. OUR CATALYSTS WE DELIVER Winning Culture Build A Global Megabrand Consumer-led Brand Building Commercial Excellence P l a t f o rm To Re i g n i t e Simplification & Productivity S U S TA I N A B L E VA LU E C R E AT I O N F O R A L L S TA K E H O L D E R S Financial Discipline INNOVATING FOR TODAY’S CONSUMER POPPING PEARLS L’OR COCONUT ICED ESPRESSO JACOBS DUBAI CHOCOLATE STYLE MEDIUM ROAST COFFEE L’OR BARISTA ABSOLU MOCCONA LIQUID ESPRESSO 10 FROM STRATEGY TO IMPACT, DELIVERING TANGIBLE RESULTS Winning Culture Consumer-led Brand Building Commerci

=== [ES] jde-peets-half-year-results-2024-presentation.pdf ===
HALF-YEAR RESULTS 2024 31 JULY 2024 AGENDA BUSINESS PERFORMANCE LUC VANDEVELDE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & OUTLOOK SCOTT GRAY QUESTIONS & ANSWERS IMPORTANT INFORMATION Presentation The condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements of JDE Peet’s N.V. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (“JDE Peet’s”) are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”). In preparing the financial information in these materials, except as otherwise described, the same accounting principles are applied as in the consolidated financial statements as of, and for, the year ended 31 December 2023 and the related notes thereto. All figures in these materials are unaudited. In preparing the financial information included in these materials, most numerical figures are presented in millions of euro. Certain figures in these materials, including financial data, have been rounded. In tables, negative amounts are shown in parentheses. Otherwise, negative amounts are shown by "-" or "negative" before the amount. Non-IFRS Measures In presenting and discussing JDE Peet’s operating results, management uses certain Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) that contain non-IFRS measures that are not performance or liquidity measures under IFRS. These APMs are presented in addition to the figures that are prepared in accordance with IFRS. JDE Peet’s use of APMs may vary significantly from the use of other companies in its industry. The APMs used, should not be considered as an alternative to profit (loss), revenue or any other performance measure derived in accordance with IFRS or to net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of liquidity. More information on these APMs can be found in the press release related to H1 24 results. Forward-looking Statements These materials contain forward-looking statements as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of JDE Peet’s. These forward-looking statements contain matters that are not historical facts, and involve predictions. No assurance can be given that such future results will be achieved. Actual events or results may differ materially as a result of risks and uncertainties facing JDE Peet’s. Such risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to vary materially from the future results indicated, expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors that could affect JDE Peet’s future operations and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements including (without limitation): (a) competitive pressures and changes in consumer trends and preferences as well as consumer perceptions of its brands; (b) fluctuations in the cost of green coffee, including premium Arabica coffee beans, tea or other commodities, and its ability to secure an adequate supply of quality or sustainable coffee and tea; (c) global and regional economic and financial conditions, as well as political and business conditions or other developments; (d) interruption in its manufacturing and distribution facilities; (e) its ability to successfully innovate, develop and launch new products and product extensions and on effectively marketing its existing products; (f) actual or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations and any legal claims or government investigations in respect of its businesses; (g) difficulties associated with successfully completing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses; (h) the loss of senior management and other key personnel; and (i) changes in applicable environmental laws or regulations. The forward-looking statements contained in these materials speak only as of the date of these materials. JDE Peet’s is not under any obligation to (and expressly disclaim any such obligation to) revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of these materials or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. JDE Peet’s cannot give any assurance that forward-looking statements will prove correct, and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting JDE Peet’s are described in the Company’s public filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten) and other disclosures. Market and Industry Data All references to industry forecasts, industry statistics, market data and market share in these materials comprise estimates compiled by analysts, competitors, industry professionals and organisations of publicly available information or of JDE Peet’s own assessment of its markets and sales. Rankings are based on revenue, unless otherwise stated. . 3 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE LUC VANDEVELDE KEY HIGHLIGHTS H1 2024 Strong delivery on topline, profitability and cash in a continued challenging environment Continue to prudently navigate persistent and increasing inflation in green coffee prices Maratá and Caribou consolidated; performance and integration in line with expectations Continued progress on Sustainability CEO search progressing well Increased outlook on the back of broad-based strong performance in H1 5 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS H1 2024 • Organic sales up +3.6%, resulting in a 5-yr CAGR of +5.0% • Broad-based • Driven by premium product portfolio • Organic adj. gross profit up +9.0%, with a positive contribution from all segments • Disciplined cost management in persistent inflationary environment; maintaining healthy A&P levels with a slight increase organically vs last year • Organic adjusted EBIT up +17.5%, resulting in a 5-yr CAGR of +4.4% • Strong Free cash flow of EUR 315 million • Steady reduction in net leverage post the closings of Maratá and Caribou 6 MY OBSERVATIONS SINCE APRIL 1ST POINTS OF STRENGTH POINTS OF FOCUS • No strategic or financial reset required • More balance between LT and ST focus • Strength of senior leadership and below • Increase inter-disciplinary collaboration • Company is well-invested broadly • Better balance of investments and profitability • Unique & resilient business model • More prioritisation in Marketing and R&D • Local autonomy & accountability • Opportunities to better leverage scale 7 SUCCESSFULLY INTEGRATING MARATÁ AND CARIBOU • Consolidated a