=== CVX_2026-04-07.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0000093410 0000093410 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000093410 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000093410 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000093410 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000093410 ecd:PnsnAdjsPrrSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:PnsnAdjsPrrSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000093410 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:pure UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 CHEVRON CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents Chevron s strategy Chevron s strategy is to leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. Our objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon, and superior stockholder value in any business environment. We are leveraging our capabilities, assets, partnerships, and customer relationships as we aim to grow our oil and gas business, lower the carbon intensity of operations, and grow new energies businesses. why this strategy We believe affordable, reliable, and ever-cleaner energy is essential to enabling human progress. As the planet s population climbs toward 10 billion by 2050, the need for energy, and all that it enables, continues to grow. Global energy demand is projected to rise by more than 10 percent in the coming decades. We believe that the future of energy is lower carbon and that multiple solutions will be needed to meet growing energy demands, which is why we aim to continue growing our oil and gas business while advancing new products and solutions to support a lower carbon future. Under a wide range of scenarios, oil and natural gas continue to be needed, particularly where there are currently no effective substitutes. We believe the world s continued demand for oil, natural gas, and other energy products should be supplied by companies that lead with accountability and prioritize delivering energy safely and reliably. what we are doing We intend to lead in the future of energy. In an ever-changing external environment, we plan to continue delivering long-term value from our oil and gas portfolio, keep lowering carbon intensity, stay pragmatic on new investments, and be prepared when opportunities emerge that create value for our stockholders. This consistent strategy positions us to deliver the energy the world demands today while helping build the energy system of tomorrow. We re holding ourselves accountable to achieve progress and deliver value, consistent with our vision to be the global energy company most admired for its people, partnership, and performance. Table of Contents 2026 notice of the Chevron Corporation annual meeting of stockholders date and time online record date Wednesday, May 27, 2026 at 8:00 a.m. CDT by live audio webcast (w . ww.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ CVX2026) Monday, March 30, 2026 how to vote and attend the annual meeting internet Before the meeting: w . ww.proxyvote.com During the meeting (until polls close): w . ww.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CVX2026 telephone 1-800-690-6903 (closes 11:59 p.m. EDT on May 26, 2026) mail Mark, sign, and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. admission Stockholders of record owning Chevron common stock at the close of business on Monday, March 30, 2026, are entitled to participate in and vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders ( Annual Meeting ). To participate in the Annual Meeting, including to vote and ask questions, stockholders should go to the meeting website at w . ww.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CVX2026, enter the 16-digit control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form, or Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, and follow the instructions on the website. If your voting instruction form or Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials does not indicate that you may vote those shares through the w . ww.proxyvote.com website and it does not include a 16-digit control number, you should contact your bank, broker, or other nominee (preferably at least five days before the Annual Meeting) and obtain a legal proxy in order to be able to attend, participate in, or vote at the Annual Meeting. The Annual Meeting will be opened for access beginning at 7:45 a.m. CDT on May 27, 2026. Please refer to pages 112 and 113 of this Proxy Statement for information about attending the Annual Meeting. agenda Elect 12 Directors named in this Proxy Statement; Vote on a Board proposal to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as the independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; Vote on a Board proposal to approve, on an advisory basis, Named Executive Officer ( NEO ) compensation; Vote on three stockholder proposals, each if properly presented at the Annual Meeting; and Transact any other business that is properly presented at the meeting by or at the direction of the Board or at any adjournment or postponement thereof. distribution of proxy materials On Tuesday, April 7, 2026, we will commence distributing to our stockholders as applicable (1) a copy of this Proxy Statement, a proxy card or voting instruction form, and our Annual Report (the Proxy Materials ), (2) a Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, with instructions to access the Proxy Materials and vote on the internet, or (3) for stockholders who receive materials electronically, an email with instructions to access the Proxy Materials and vote on the internet. voting Stockholders owning Chevron common stock at the close of business on Monday, March 30, 2026, or their legal proxy holders, are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Please refer to pages 109 - 111 of this Proxy Statement for information about voting at the Annual Meeting. questions We welcome questions from stockholders. We will have a question and answer session during the Annual Meeting. Questions may be submitted in advance of the meeting at w . ww.proxyvote.com or live during the meeting at w . ww.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CVX2026. By Order of the Board of Directors, Mary A. Francis Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer Table of Contents dear stockholder, April 7, 2026 The link between energy and human progress has never been clearer. People around the globe desire a world of energy abundance, and the rising prosperity and opportunity it creates. This is evidenced by steady growth in energy consumption from all sources with oil and gas demand at an all-time high and expected to set records this year, next year, and beyond. The world needs what we provide, and Chevron has never been better positioned to deliver it. From completing the acquisition of Hess Corporation ( Hess Corp. ), to achieving first oil at Tengizchevroil s Future Growth Project, growing Permian production to record levels, executing capital growth projects in the Gulf of America, and completing a major organizational restructuring, 2025 was an outstanding year. Our advantaged portfolio, disciplined investment, and strong execution helped deliver record production of 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day ( BOED ) in 2025, 12% higher than the previous year. Permian production surpassed one million BOED, with the Denver-Julesberg and Bakken basins reaching a combined total of roughly 600,000 BOED, and our liquids-rich shale position in Argentina offering the opportunity for further growth. In the Gulf of America, new projects and integration with Hess Corp. increased production to over 300,000 BOED. In Kazakhstan, the Future Growth Project started up and ramped to design capacity of more than one million BOED of gross production in less than 30 days. And the Hess Corp. acquisition added a 30% ownership in the Guyana Stabroek Block a world-class asset with a steady growth outlook through the balance of this decade. Our financial priorities have remained consistent. We reward stockholders first by reliably growing the dividend, investing capital efficiently, maintaining a strong balance sheet, and repurchasing shares on a regular basis. In 2025, we returned $27.1 billion to stockholders through dividends of $12.8 billion, Chevron share repurchases of $12.1 billion, and the purchase of $2.2 billion of Hess Corp. shares ahead of closing the merger. We returned over three times more cash to stockholders last year compared to a decade prior. As global dynamics continue to shape the energy landscape in 2026, our resilient strategy and the ingenuity of our people position us to deliver value to our stockholders in any environment. Today, Chevron stands in the strongest position I ve seen in my career, with a higher confidence outlook and lower execution risk than ever before. We re looking to the future with confidence and believe the best is yet to come. Sincerely, Michael K. Wirth Chairman and CEO Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents dear stockholder, April 7, 2026 This past year underscored Chevron s ability to deliver results in a dynamic global landscape. While geopolitical and policy shifts continue to shape energy markets, your Board remains focused on sustaining the Company s performance and long-term resilience. We reinforce Chevron s commitment to strong governance, prudent capital allocation, and delivering industry-leading results while helping supply the energy the world needs today and in the future. The Board recognizes that resilience begins with strategy. We regularly review the Company s strategy across multiple scenarios, shifting policy environments, and potential technology disruptions. We incorporate diverse views into our dialogue, and we gain valuable insights from independent experts whose perspectives on global trends sharpened our oversight. Capital discipline is at the core of long-term resilience. Chevron has demonstrated leadership in capital allocation and has a track record of dependably returning cash to stockholders. The Board maintains active oversight of capital allocation and significant portfolio decisions, with the intent to maintain competitiveness through market cycles. An engaged, capable workforce is central to Chevron s ability to compete. The Board devotes time to workforce-related priorities. In 2025, the Board visited operations in Pascagoula, Mississippi, engaging directly with employees to better understand on-the-ground perspectives and operational realities. In addition, the Board provided oversight of Chevron s significant organizational transformation and the Hess Corp. integration. Management succession remains one of the Board s most important priorities. We regularly review succession and development plans and engage external consultants to ensure a robust leadership pipeline of leaders. Chevron prioritizes the development of next-generation leaders, placing high-potential employees in a progression of roles throughout the business so that they are ready for future leadership opportunities. Your Board reflects an appropriate balance of fresh perspectives, continuity, and experienced leadership. This balance was further strengthened in 2025 by the appointment of John Hess, whose energy expertise enhances the Board s oversight and strategic guidance. Later in the year, we mourned the passing of Board member Dr. Alice Gast, whose journey at Chevron began as an intern and whose curiosity and growth mindset remain an inspiration for us to explore new ideas and continuously improve. In January 2026, we welcomed Tom Horton, whose experience as a CEO and through serving on the boards of multiple world-class companies brings valuable perspective. Affordable, reliable, and ever-cleaner energy is essential for modern life. The global appetite for oil and gas continues to grow, and technologies like artificial intelligence are driving new energy needs. Meeting this demand requires all forms of energy. Chevron is proud to play its role, today and well into the future. On behalf of your Board of Directors, thank you for your trust and partnership as we work together to advance human progress. Sincerely, Dr. Wanda M. Austin Lead Director Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents table of contents proxy statement 1 items of business 2 election of directors (item 1 on the proxy card) 3 director election requirements 3 director qualifications and nomination processes 3 board composition 6 nominees for director 9 director orientation and education 22 vote required 22 your board s recommendation 22 director compensation 23 2025 non-employee director compensation 25 corporate governance 28 overview 28 role of the board of directors 28 corporate governance guidelines 28 board leadership structure 29 independent lead director 29 director independence 30 board committees 31 board committee meetings and attendance 31 board and committee evaluations 31 board oversight and strategy 36 higher returns, lower carbon 36 human capital management 36 board oversight of risk 38 year-round stockholder engagement 39 our responsiveness to stockholders 40 board nominating and governance committee report 41 management compensation committee report 42 audit committee report 42 communicating with the board 42 executive compensation 43 compensation discussion and analysis 43 summary compensation table 67 grants of plan-based awards in fiscal year 2025 71 outstanding equity awards at 2025 fiscal year-end 73 option exercises and stock vested in fiscal year 2025 75 pension benefits table 78 nonqualified deferred compensation table 80 potential payments upon termination or change-in-control 83 equity compensation plan information 85 CEO pay ratio 86 pay versus performance 87 stock ownership information 90 security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management 90 business conduct and ethics code 92 insider trading and prohibited transactions involving Chevron securities 92 related person transactions 93 board proposal to ratify PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 (item 2 on the proxy card) 96 auditor review and engagement 96 PwC s fees and services 97 audit committee preapproval policies and procedures 98 PwC s attendance at the annual meeting 98 vote required 98 your board s recommendation 98 board proposal to approve, on an advisory basis, named executive officer compensation (item 3 on the proxy card) 99 vote required 99 your board s recommendation 99 rule 14a-8 stockholder proposals (items 4 through 6 on the proxy card) 101 vote required 101 your board s recommendation 101 voting and additional information 108 vote results 108 appointment of proxy holders 108 record date; who can vote 108 quorum 108 how to vote 109 revoking your proxy or voting instructions 109 confidential voting 110 notice and access 110 method and cost of soliciting and tabulating votes 110 householding information 110 email delivery of future proxy materials 111 stockholder of record account maintenance 111 submission of stockholder proposals for 2027 annual meeting 111 rules for admission for the virtual annual meeting 112 attending the virtual annual meeting 113 important notice regarding admission to the 2026 annual meeting 113 appendix A: reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures A-1 Table of Contents cautionary statements relevant to forward-looking information for the purpose of safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and other important legal disclaimers The statements and images in this Proxy Statement, including without limitation those relating to the action areas of Chevron s operations, assets, and strategy, are forward-looking statements based on management s current expectations, estimates and projections and, accordingly, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to vary or differ materially from those expressed or forecasted herein. Words or phrases such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, targets, advances, commits, drives, aims, forecasts, projects, believes, approaches, seeks, schedules, estimates, positions, pursues, progress, design, enable, may, can, could, should, will, budgets, outlook, trends, guidance, focus, on track, trajectory, goals, objectives, strategies, opportunities, poised, potential, ambitions, future, aspires, and similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, but not all forward-looking statements include such words. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control and are difficult to predict. Factors that may cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements in this Proxy Statement can be found in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the headings Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements Relevant to Forward-Looking Information for the Purpose of Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The reader should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Unless legally required, Chevron undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Standards of measurement and performance made in reference to our environmental, social, governance, and other sustainability metrics may be based on protocols, processes, and assumptions that continue to evolve and are subject to change in the future. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. Table of Contents proxy statement Your Board of Directors is providing you with these Proxy Materials in connection with its solicitation of proxies to be voted at Chevron Corporation s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held by live audio webcast (www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CVX2026) in lieu of an in-person meeting on Wednesday, May 27, 2026, at 8:00 a.m. CDT and at any postponement or adjournment of the Annual Meeting. Your Board believes this meeting format will enhance and facilitate attendance by providing convenient access for all of our stockholders. We have planned and designed the meeting to encourage stockholder participation, protect stockholder rights, and promote transparency. Following are the items of business to be considered at the Annual Meeting. We are not aware of any other matters expected to be presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. If any other matter is properly brought before the Annual Meeting by or at the direction of the Board, the proxy holders identified in the Voting and Additional Information Appointment of Proxy Holders section of this Proxy Statement intend to vote the proxies in accordance with their best judgment. When conducting the Annual Meeting, the Chair or the Chair s designee may refuse to allow a vote on any matter not made in compliance with our By-Laws and the procedures described in the Voting and Additional Information Submission of Stockholder Proposals for 2026 Annual Meeting section of the 2025 Proxy Statement. If you are a street name stockholder (i.e., you own your shares through a bank, broker, or other holder of record), your bank, broker, or other holder of record is not permitted to vote on certain proposals and may not vote on any of the proposals unless you provide voting instructions. Voting your shares will help to ensure that your interests are represented at the meeting. If you do not provide voting instructions and the broker elects to vote your shares on some but not all matters, it will result in a broker non-vote for the matters on which the broker does not vote. If you have shares in an employee stock or retirement benefit plan and do not vote those shares, the plan trustee or fiduciary may or may not vote your shares, in accordance with the terms of the plan. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no impact on the outcome of Proposals 1 through 6. We urge you to promptly provide voting instructions to your broker so that your shares are voted on all of the items, even if you plan to the attend the Annual Meeting. As used in this Proxy Statement, the term Chevron and such terms as the Company, the Corporation, our, we, us, and its may refer to Chevron Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or all of them taken as a whole, but unless stated otherwise they do not include affiliates of Chevron that is, those companies accounted for by the equity method (generally owned 50% or less) or non-equity method investments. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents proxy statement items of business Your Board is asking you to vote on the following actions at the Annual Meeting: board proposals Item Your Board s recommendation Rationale Item 1: Elect 12 Directors named in this Proxy Statement Vote for each Director nominee Your Board believes that each of the 12 nominees possesses qualifications and attributes that are critical for effective oversight of the Company and are directly relevant to Chevron s business, strategy, and operations. Item 2: Ratify the appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm Vote for Your Board believes that it is in the best interests of Chevron and its stockholders to retain PwC as Chevron s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. Item 3: Approve, on an advisory basis, Named Executive Officer compensation Vote for Your Board believes that our compensation programs support our business model, objectives, and values described in detail in our Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this Proxy Statement. stockholder proposals Item Your Board s recommendation Rationale Item 4: Adopt an Independent Chair Vote against Your Board believes stockholder interests are best served when the non-employee Directors have the flexibility to determine the best person to serve as Chairman, recognizing that no single leadership model is appropriate in all circumstances. Item 5: Report on Indigenous Peoples Rights Vote against Your Board believes Chevron has the right policies and management systems in place to assess and manage implementation of our commitment to respecting human rights, and thus a separate report is both unnecessary and not an effective way to accomplish the purported objective of the proposal. Item 6: Commission a Third-Party Report on Human Rights Processes Vote against Your Board believes Chevron has the right policies and management systems in place to assess and manage implementation of our commitment to respecting human rights, and thus a separate report is both unnecessary and not an effective way to accomplish the purported objective of the proposal. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 2 Table of Contents election of directors (item 1 on the proxy card) The Board has set the current Board size of 13 Directors. For several years, the Board Nominating and Governance Committee (the Governance Committee ) has been planning for the retirement of Charles W. Moorman at Chevron s 2026 Annual Meeting under Chevron s mandatory Director Retirement Policy contained in Chevron s Corporate Governance Guidelines ( Corporate Governance Guidelines ). In light of Mr. Moorman s upcoming retirement and the Board s operating requirements, the Governance Committee recommended, and the Board set, a Board size of 12 Directors effective upon Mr. Moorman s retirement at the 2026 Annual Meeting. On July 28, 2025, the Board elected John B. Hess as a member of the Board pursuant to the terms of the Hess Corp. acquisition, which was completed on July 18, 2025. On January 27, 2026, the Board elected Thomas W. Horton as a member of the Board. Mr. Horton was initially identified by an external advisor to the Company. Each of the nominees is a current Director and, other than Messrs. Hess and Horton, was previously elected at Chevron s 2025 Annual Meeting. Directors are elected annually and serve for a one-year term or until their successors are elected. If any nominee is unable to serve as a Director, the Board by resolution may reduce the number of Directors or choose a substitute nominee. Your Board has determined that, with the exception of Mr. Hess, each non-employee Director is independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and has no material relationship with Chevron other than as a Director. Mr. Hess is deemed to not be independent due to ongoing business and financial relationships between Chevron entities and Mr. Hess s family office arising from the Hess Corp. acquisition. director election requirements Each Director nominee who receives a majority of the votes cast (i.e., the number of shares voted FOR a Director nominee must exceed the number of shares voted AGAINST that Director nominee, excluding abstentions) will be elected a Director in an uncontested election. Under the Corporate Governance Guidelines, in an uncontested election, any Director nominated for reelection who receives more AGAINST votes than FOR votes is expected to submit an offer of resignation for consideration by the Governance Committee. The Governance Committee must then consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including the Director s qualifications, past and expected future contributions, the overall composition of the Board, and whether Chevron would meet regulatory or similar requirements without the Director, and make a recommendation to the Board on the action to take with respect to the offer of resignation. The Board intends to nominate for reelection only nominees who agree to offer the resignation contemplated by the Corporate Governance Guidelines. director qualifications and nomination processes The Governance Committee is responsible for recommending to the Board the qualifications for Board membership and for identifying, assessing, and recommending qualified Director candidates for the Board s consideration. The Board membership qualifications and nomination procedures are set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on our website at w . ww.chevron.com/investors/corporate-governance. All Directors should have the following attributes: The highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with The Chevron Way and our Business Conduct and Ethics Code, both of which are available on Chevron s website at w . ww.chevron.com; A commitment to building stockholder value; Business acumen and broad experience and expertise at the policy-making level in one or more of the skills, qualifications, and experience delineated on the next page; The ability to provide insights and practical wisdom based on the individual s experience or expertise; Sufficient time to effectively carry out duties as a Director; and Independence (i.e., at least a majority of the Board must consist of independent Directors, within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE). Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents election of directors When conducting its review of the appropriate skills and qualifications desired of Directors, the Governance Committee particularly considers the skills, experience, and expertise that are critical to the Board s ability to provide effective oversight of the Company and are directly relevant to Chevron s business, strategy, and operations. These are as follows: Skills, experience, and expertise How they relate to Chevron s business, strategy, and operations What the Board is looking for CEO/Senior executive/ Leader of significant operations Chevron employs approximately 43,000 1 people throughout the world. Chevron s operations involve complex processes, human capital management, strategic planning, and risk management. Current or former leadership experience as a CEO, senior executive, or leader of significant business operations at a large organization of similar size, scope, and complexity as Chevron s business. Science/ Technology/ Engineering/Research/ Academia Technology and engineering are at the core of Chevron s business and are key to finding, developing, producing, processing, and refining oil and natural gas, as well as assessing new energy sources and evolving technology risks and opportunities. The highly technical nature of Chevron s business requires being on the front lines of research and critical technical advancements to maintain a competitive advantage. Current or former CEO, senior executive, or leader of significant business operations of a science, technology, or engineering company or company with a significant business segment involving technology, including cybersecurity. Current or former professor at a leading university in the sciences, technology, or engineering fields. Government/ Regulatory/Legal/ Public policy Chevron s operations require compliance with a variety of regulatory requirements in numerous countries and involve relationships with various governmental entities and nongovernmental organizations throughout the world. Former service as an elected official, presidential or gubernatorial appointee, or senior-level employee in the federal or a state government. Senior lawyer at a law firm or in-house or senior executive at a company with extensive interaction with government officials. Service on a commission or initiative with significant regulatory or public policy matters. Finance/Financial disclosure/Financial accounting Chevron s business is multifaceted and requires complex financial management, capital allocation, and financial reporting processes. Current or former CEO, CFO, or controller of a public company of similar size, scope, and complexity as Chevron. Current or former partner of a Big 4 accounting firm and work experience includes public companies of similar size, scope, and complexity as Chevron. Significant work experience in the financial industry. Responsible for the financial affairs of a nonprofit with significant size, scope, or complexity. Global business/ International affairs Chevron conducts business around the globe. Our business success is derived from an understanding of diverse business environments, economic conditions, and cultures, as well as a broad perspective on global business opportunities. Current or former CEO or executive responsible for a significant business segment of a company with significant global operations. Elected official in the U.S. Senate or House of Representatives with service on committees involving foreign relations or service as a U.S. ambassador to another country. Presidential appointee or senior-level employee of agency with activities involving foreign relations. Significant experience in dealing with matters involving international affairs. 1 Data as of December 31, 2025 Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 4 Table of Contents election of directors Skills, experience, and expertise How they relate to Chevron s business, strategy, and operations What the Board is looking for Environmental We place the highest priority on the health and safety of our workforce and the protection of our assets, the communities where we operate, and the environment. We are committed to continuously improving our environmental performance and reducing the potential impacts of our operations, including our focus on lowering the carbon intensity of our operations. Current or former CEO or head of a significant business segment of a company of comparable size, scope, and complexity as Chevron with exposure to environmental risks. Former administrator of the federal or a state environmental agency. Employed at a senior level by a federal or state environmental agency or served on a federal or state commission or committee with responsibility for environmental issues. Current or former senior-level employee at a nongovernmental organization that focuses on environmental issues. Significant experience in dealing with environmental issues. Leading business transformation Chevron s strategy is to leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. Current or former CEO, senior executive, or leader of significant business operations at a large organization that experienced a significant business transformation. The Governance Committee also considers such other factors as the Governance Committee deems appropriate, given the current and anticipated needs of the Board and the Company, to maintain a balance of knowledge, experience, background, and capability. This includes service as a public company director and diversity of age, tenure, gender, and race. In addition, Directors should limit their other board memberships to a number that permits them, given their individual circumstances, to perform all of their Director duties: A Director should not serve on the board of more than four publicly traded companies; A Director who serves as a board chair or lead director of a publicly traded company should not serve on the boards of more than three publicly traded companies (including the board of the company for which the Director is board chair or lead director); and A Director who serves as CEO of a publicly traded company should not serve on the boards of more than two publicly traded companies (including the company for which the Director is CEO). All Directors are currently in compliance with the foregoing. The Governance Committee annually reviews the foregoing skills and qualifications required of Directors in the context of the current operating requirements of the Company and the long-term interests of stockholders. When recommending nominees for the Board, the Governance Committee discusses each nominee in the context of the foregoing attributes, skills, qualifications, and time commitments, including the foregoing limits on public company directorships, so that the nominees and Board as a whole meet the requirements and needs of the Company. For 2026, the Governance Committee reviewed the attributes, skills, and qualifications, as well as the principal occupation, the public and private company and nonprofit board service, and other time commitments, of each Director nominee listed in the Nominees for Director section and determined that each Director nominee meets the requirements and needs of the Company. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, a Director is required to submit an offer of resignation upon a change in the Director s principal occupation. The Governance Committee reviewed offers of resignation submitted by Mr. Umpleby in connection with his transition from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Caterpillar Inc. ( Caterpillar ) to Executive Chairman of Caterpillar (effective May 1, 2025), and his retirement from the role of Executive Chairman and member of the Board of Caterpillar (effective April 1, 2026). The Governance Committee determined that his continued service was in the best interests of stockholders. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents election of directors board composition The Board seeks to achieve diversity of skills, experience, age, tenure, gender, and race and recognizes the importance of Board refreshment to enable fresh ideas and perspectives. The following tables and charts pertain to the Board nominees and illustrate the Board s continued commitment to diversity of backgrounds for its Board composition and leadership. The following matrix and charts display the most significant skills and qualifications that each Director nominee possesses, along with aggregated characteristics. The Governance Committee reviews the composition of the Board as a whole periodically to confirm that the Board maintains a balance of knowledge and experience and to assess the skills and characteristics that the Board may find valuable in the future in light of current and anticipated strategic plans and operating requirements and the long-term interest of stockholders. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 6 Table of Contents election of directors Director nominee tenure ranges Aspects of board diversity 42% 25% 7.2 years 68 are women (as of May 27, 2026) are people of color (as of May 27, 2026) average tenure (as of May 27, 2026) average age (as of April 7, 2026) Board composition and leadership changes Type of change Date of change Director Position Board composition changes Effective May 2026 Charles W. Moorman Director January 2026 Thomas W. Horton Director October 2025 Alice P. Gast (deceased) Director July 2025 John B. Hess Director May 2023 Ronald D. Sugar Director June 2022 Cynthia J. Warner Director January 2021 Marillyn A. Hewson Director Board and Committee leadership changes Effective May 2026 John B. Frank Audit Committee Chairperson Effective May 2026 D. James Umpleby III Nominating and Governance Committee Chairperson Effective May 2026 Marillyn A. Hewson Management Compensation Committee Chairperson Effective May 2026 Jon M. Huntsman Jr. Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Chairperson Effective May 2026 Debra Reed-Klages Audit Committee Chairperson Effective May 2026 Wanda M. Austin Nominating and Governance Committee Chairperson Effective May 2026 Charles W. Moorman Management Compensation Committee Chairperson Effective May 2026 Enrique Hernandez, Jr. Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Chairperson May 2022 Wanda M. Austin Lead Director May 2022 Ronald D. Sugar Lead Director May 2021 Debra Reed-Klages Audit Committee Chairperson May 2021 Wanda M. Austin Nominating and Governance Committee Chairperson Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents election of directors Type of change Date of change Director Position May 2021 Charles W. Moorman Management Compensation Committee Chairperson May 2021 Enrique Hernandez, Jr. Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Chairperson May 2021 Charles W. Moorman Audit Committee Chairperson May 2021 Ronald D. Sugar Nominating and Governance Committee Chairperson May 2021 Enrique Hernandez, Jr. Management Compensation Committee Chairperson May 2021 Wanda M. Austin Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Chairperson The Governance Committee considers Director candidates suggested for nomination to the Board from stockholders, Directors, and other sources. Directors periodically suggest possible candidates, and the Governance Committee has retained director search firms to assist with identifying potential candidates. Stockholders may recommend potential nominees by writing to the Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer, Chevron Corporation, by email at corpgov@chevron.com or by mail at 1400 Smith Street, Houston, TX 77002, stating the candidate s name and qualifications for Board membership. Stockholders may also submit a nomination for Director for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy statement if done in accordance with the proxy access provisions in Article IV, Section 7 of the By-Laws. In addition, a qualifying stockholder (or stockholders) may nominate Director candidates by satisfying the requirements specified in our By-Laws, which are described in the Voting and Additional Information Submission of Stockholder Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting section of this Proxy Statement. When considering potential nominees recommended by stockholders, the Governance Committee follows the same Board membership qualifications evaluation and nomination procedures discussed in this section. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 8 Table of Contents election of directors nominees for director The Governance Committee recommended, and the Board set, a current Board size of 13 Directors, which will be reduced to 12 Directors effective upon Mr. Moorman s retirement at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Each Director nominee is a current Director. director summary Current Committee assignment Director Director since Principal occupation Ind (1) AC (2) BN GC (3) MCC (4) PP SC (5) Other current public company directorships Wanda M. Austin 2016 Retired President and CEO, The Aerospace Corporation L C M Amgen Inc. Apple Inc. John B. Frank 2017 Vice Chairman, Brookfield Oaktree Holdings, LLC M Daily Journal Corporation Brookfield Oaktree Holdings, LLC Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation Enrique Hernandez, Jr. 2008 Executive Chairman, Inter-Con Security Systems, Inc. M C The Macerich Company John B. Hess 2025 Former Chairman and CEO, Hess Corporation M The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Marillyn A. Hewson 2021 Retired Chairman, President, and CEO, Lockheed Martin Corporation M Johnson Johnson Thomas W. Horton 2026 Senior Advisor, Global Infrastructure Partners, and Former Chairman, President, and CEO of American Airlines Group Inc. M General Electric Company (operating as GE Aerospace) Walmart Inc. Jon M. Huntsman Jr. 2020 Vice Chairman and President, Strategic Growth, Mastercard Incorporated M M Ford Motor Company Dambisa F. Moyo 2016 Co-Principal, Versaca Investments M Starbucks Corporation Debra Reed-Klages 2018 Retired Chairman, CEO, and President, Sempra C Caterpillar Inc. Lockheed Martin Corporation D. James Umpleby III 2018 Former Chairman and CEO, Caterpillar Inc. M M None Cynthia J. Warner 2022 Former President and CEO, Renewable Energy Group, Inc. M Sempra Bloom Energy Corporation Michael K. Wirth 2017 Chairman and CEO, Chevron Corporation None (1) Independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. No material relationship exists with Chevron other than as a Director. (2) Audit Committee. Effective as of May 26, 2026, the Committee membership will be John B. Frank (Chairperson), Thomas W. Horton, Dambisa F. Moyo, and Debra Reed-Klages. (3) Board Nominating and Governance Committee. Effective as of May 26, 2026, the Committee membership will be D. James Umpleby III (Chairperson), Wanda M. Austin, Marillyn A. Hewson, and Jon M. Huntsman Jr. (4) Management Compensation Committee. Effective as of May 26, 2026, the Committee membership will be Marillyn A. Hewson (Chairperson), Wanda M. Austin, Enrique Hernandez, Jr., and D. James Umpleby III. (5) Public Policy and Sustainability Committee. Effective as of May 26, 2026, the Committee membership will be Jon M. Huntsman Jr. (Chairperson), Enrique Hernandez, Jr., John B. Hess, and Cynthia J. Warner. L Lead Director (independent) C Committee Chairperson M Committee Member Your Board recommends that you vote FOR each of these Director nominees. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents election of directors Wanda M. Austin | 71 Lead Director Since May 2022 Retired President and CEO The Aerospace Corporation Director Since December 2016 Independent Yes Board Committees Board Nominating and Governance (Chairperson); Management Compensation Current Public Company Directorships Amgen Inc.; Apple Inc. Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) Other Directorships and Memberships Horatio Alger Association; National Academy of Engineering; University of Southern California (Life Trustee) Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. Professional Experience MakingSpace, Inc., a leadership and STEM consulting firm Co-founder and CEO (since 2017) University of Southern California, a top-ranked private research university Adjunct Research Professor, Viterbi School s Department of Industrial and Systems Engineering (since 2007); Interim President (2018 2019) The Aerospace Corporation ( Aerospace ), a leading architect for the United States national space programs President and CEO (2008 2016); Senior Vice President of National Systems Group (2004 2007) Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations: Eight years as CEO of Aerospace. Thirty-seven-year career with Aerospace included numerous senior management and executive positions. CEO of MakingSpace, Inc. since December 2017. Executive advisor for World 50. Finance: More than a decade of financial responsibility and experience at Aerospace. Audit Committee member at Amgen Inc. and Apple Inc. Global Business/International Affairs: Internationally recognized for her work in satellite and payload system acquisition, systems engineering, and system simulation. Former CEO of a company that provides space systems expertise to international organizations. Director of companies with international operations. Government/Regulatory/Public Policy: Served on the President s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology and the President s Review of U.S. Human Space Flight Plans Committee. Appointed to the Defense Policy Board, the Defense Science Board, and the NASA Advisory Council. Leading Business Transformation: Numerous awards for leadership and impact as President and CEO of Aerospace, led the technical evaluation and certification of the launch enterprise transition to a commercial business model for national security space missions. As Interim President of the University of Southern California, implemented transformational governance measures to raise the bar at a time of great challenge that involved systemic lapses in the university s athletics program and in student admissions. Research/Academia: Trustee and Adjunct Research Professor at the University of Southern California s Viterbi School of Engineering. Former Interim President of the University of Southern California. Science/Technology/Engineering: Ph.D. in industrial and systems engineering from the University of Southern California, M.S. in both systems engineering and mathematics from the University of Pittsburgh. Thirty-seven-year career in national security space programs, providing deep experience in high-stakes precision engineering projects. Director at Amgen Inc., a biotechnology company, director at Apple Inc., a technology company, and former director of Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc., the world s first commercial space line and vertically integrated aerospace company. Honorary fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. A member of the National Academy of Engineering. Director Insights Q What areas of Chevron s strategy do you feel investors should be focused on in the coming years? A I have been consistently impressed by the strong internal alignment at Chevron around our mission to safely deliver energy that is affordable, reliable, and ever cleaner. For a global energy company of our scale, the level of focus across the business is amazing. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 10 Table of Contents election of directors John B. Frank | 69 Director Vice Chairman Brookfield Oaktree Holdings, LLC (formerly Oaktree Capital Group, LLC) Director Since November 2017 Independent Yes Board Committees Audit (audit committee financial expert) Current Public Company Directorships Daily Journal Corporation; Brookfield Oaktree Holdings, LLC; Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) Oaktree Acquisition Corporation II; Oaktree Acquisition Corporation III Life Sciences Other Directorships and Memberships The James Irvine Foundation; XPRIZE Foundation; The John Randolph Haynes and Dora Haynes Foundation Professional Experience Oaktree Capital Management ( Oaktree ), a global investment management company Vice Chairman (since 2014); Director (since 2007); Member of the Executive Committee Managing Principal (2005 2014); General Counsel (2001 2005) Munger, Tolles Olson LLP, a leading law firm Partner focused on mergers and acquisitions and general corporate counseling Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations: Over 20 years of service as a senior executive of Oaktree, a global investment management company, including service as Principal Executive Officer, Vice Chairman, Director, Managing Principal, and General Counsel. Finance: More than 35 years of financial responsibility and experience as a senior executive at Oaktree and as the partner responsible for financial affairs at the law firm of Munger, Tolles Olson LLP. Deep experience in evaluating companies from investor perspective. Global Business/International Affairs: Senior executive of Oaktree, which conducts business worldwide from more than 20 offices around the globe. Travels around the world to meet with Oaktree s institutional clients and speak at international investment forums. Director of companies with international operations. Government/Regulatory/Public Policy: Two decades of experience working with government officials regarding regulatory and public policy issues, including testimony before the U.S. Senate Finance Committee and as a senior executive of Oaktree. Served as a Legislative Assistant to the Honorable Robert F. Drinan, member of Congress, and as a law clerk to the Honorable Frank M. Coffin of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Leading Business Transformation: Led the transition of Oaktree from a closely held private partnership to a broadly held public company with more than triple the assets under management while negotiating and overseeing the integration of multiple acquisitions and navigating a materially more rigorous regulatory and business environment. Regular exposure, as a senior executive of Oaktree, to the many financial and operational restructurings of companies included within Oaktree s distressed debt investment portfolios. Legal: Served as General Counsel of Oaktree. Former Partner of Munger, Tolles Olson LLP. Extensive experience with mergers and acquisitions and strategic, financial, and corporate governance issues. Law degree from the University of Michigan. Director Insights Q Which Chevron facility visit over the past few years has enhanced your perspective of Chevron and how? A During the Board s recent visit to the Pascagoula Refinery, I was able to see how the Company s emphasis on safety, environmental stewardship, and community engagement is implemented by our people in the field. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents election of directors Enrique Hernandez, Jr.| 70 Director Executive Chairman Inter-Con Security Systems, Inc. Director Since December 2008 Independent Yes Board Committees Public Policy and Sustainability (Chairperson); Management Compensation Current Public Company Directorships The Macerich Company Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) Other Directorships and Memberships Harvard College Visiting Committee; Harvard University Resources Committee; The John Randolph Haynes and Dora Haynes Foundation McDonald s Corporation Professional Experience Inter-Con Security Systems, Inc. ( Inter-Con ) , a global provider of security and facility support services Executive Chairman (since 2021) Chairman and CEO (1986 2021); President (1986 2018); Executive Vice President and Assistant General Counsel (1984 1986) Brobeck, Phleger Harrison , a leading law firm Litigation Associate (1980 1984) Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations: More than three decades as Chairman and CEO of Inter-Con. Co-founder of Interspan Communications, a television broadcasting company. Director of The Macerich Company and former Chairman of the Board of McDonald s Corporation. Finance: More than three decades of financial responsibility and experience at Inter-Con. Former Chair of the Finance Committee and the Risk Committee at Wells Fargo Company. Former Audit Committee Member at Great Western Financial Corporation, Nordstrom, Inc., Washington Mutual, Inc., and Wells Fargo Company. Former Audit Committee Chair at McDonald s Corporation. Global Business/International Affairs: Former CEO of a company that conducts business worldwide. Deep experience in providing security for people and assets in high-risk environments globally. Current and former director of companies with international operations. Government/Regulatory/Public Policy: Trustee of The John Randolph Haynes and Dora Haynes Foundation, which has funded hundreds of important urban studies in education, transportation, local government elections, public safety, and other public issues. Former appointee, Commissioner, and President of the Los Angeles Police Commission. Served on the U.S. National Infrastructure Advisory Committee. Leading Business Transformation: Extensive leadership experience transitioning in both media and security industries, having been a founder of Inter-Span Communications, a pioneer in Spanish language broadcast television in the United States, and at Inter-Con, where he evolved traditional physical security practices by creating and utilizing proprietary technology platforms and techniques, transforming the company into a multinational industry leader. Legal: Served as Executive Vice President and Assistant General Counsel of Inter-Con. Former litigation associate of the law firm of Brobeck, Phleger Harrison. Law degree from Harvard Law School. Director Insights Q Which Chevron facility visit over the past few years has enhanced your perspective of Chevron and how? A My visit to the El Segundo Refinery in California deepened my appreciation for effective safety protocols and the measures that make Chevron a good neighbor to surrounding communities. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 12 Table of Contents election of directors John B. Hess | 72 Director Former Chairman and CEO Hess Corporation Director Since July 2025 Independent No Board Committees Public Policy and Sustainability Current Public Company Directorships The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) Hess Corporation; Hess Midstream LP; KKR Co. Inc. Other Directorships and Memberships The Center for Strategic and International Studies; The Business Council; The Council on Foreign Relations; The Trilateral Commission; Mount Sinai Health System; Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts; Harvard Business School Professional Experience Hess Corp., a global independent energy company involved in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas CEO (1995 2025); Chairman (1995 2013) Previously held leadership positions including Senior Vice President and other positions of increasing authority Hess Midstream LP, an owner, operator, developer, and acquirer of midstream assets Chairman and CEO (2014 2025) Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations: Former Chairman and CEO of a Fortune 500 company with over four decades of leadership in the energy sector. Extensive experience as an independent director on public company boards, including prior roles with KKR Co. Inc. and The Dow Chemical Company. Leading Business Transformation: Led Hess Corp. through a strategic transformation from an integrated oil company into a global independent exploration and production company positioned to deliver significant value to shareholders while safely and responsibly producing oil and gas to help meet the world s growing energy needs. Government/Regulatory/Public Policy: Extensive experience in government relations and social investments. Served on the Secretary of Energy Advisory Board Quadrennial Review Task Force, and as Chairman of the Board of the American Petroleum Institute, a key industry organization. Environmental Affairs: As Chairman and CEO of Hess Corp., oversaw all aspects of Hess Corp. s environmental policies and sustainability strategies. Finance: Former Chairman and CEO of a Fortune 500 company. More than three decades of financial responsibility and experience at Hess Corp. Global Business/International Affairs: Global expertise in developing and executing growth strategies across international markets. Director Insights Q What excites you about being on Chevron s Board? A I am excited to work with our team to help meet the world s growing energy needs safely and responsibly and to make a positive social impact on the world around us. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents election of directors Marillyn A. Hewson | 72 Director Retired Chairman, President, and CEO Lockheed Martin Corporation Director Since January 2021 Independent Yes Board Committees Audit (audit committee financial expert) Current Public Company Directorships Johnson Johnson Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) None Other Directorships and Memberships Council of Chief Executives; University of Alabama President s Cabinet and Culverhouse School of Business Board of Visitors; Fellow in American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics; American Academy of Arts and Sciences; Fellow in Royal Aeronautical Society; National Academy of Engineering; Board of Advisors of Air Space Forces Association s StellarXplorers Program; Executive Advisor to World 50 Professional Experience Lockheed Martin Corporation ( Lockheed Martin ), a leading aerospace and advanced technology company Chairman (2014 2021); Executive Chairman (2020 2021); President and CEO (2013 2020) Previously held leadership positions including President, COO, Executive Vice President of Electronic Systems business segment, and President of Systems Integration Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations: Currently serving as Independent Lead Director, Chair of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee, and member of the Compensation Benefits Committee at Johnson Johnson. Served over seven years as CEO of a Fortune 100 company. Thirty-nine-year career with Lockheed Martin included numerous senior management and executive positions, including Chairman of the Board for seven years. Environmental Affairs: As Chairman, CEO, and President of Lockheed Martin, oversaw initiatives for energy and environmental stewardship, including Go Green, carbon and energy reduction, and water use reduction, and partnered with the U.S. Department of Energy s Better Plants Program and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s ENERGY STAR Program and Green Power Partnerships. Finance: Former Chairman, President, and CEO of a Fortune 100 company. More than three decades of financial responsibility and experience at Lockheed Martin. Current member of the Finance Committee and former member of the Audit Committee at Johnson Johnson. Global Business/International Affairs: Former Chairman, President, and CEO of a Fortune 100 company with extensive international operations. Served on the Board of Trustees for the King Abdullah University of Science and Technology in Saudi Arabia and Khalifa University in the United Arab Emirates. Served on the Atlantic Council International Advisory Board from 2014 to 2021. Served on the U.S.-India CEO Forum in 2020, and as co-vice chair of the U.S.-U.A.E. Business Council until 2020. Current and former director of companies with international operations. Recognized with the Atlantic Council Distinguished Business Leadership Award in 2015. Government/Regulatory/Public Policy: At Lockheed Martin, a government contractor, oversaw development and production of military and rotary-wing aircraft, weapon systems, satellites and space systems, and other systems and services for all five branches of the U.S. armed forces, NASA, and intelligence agencies, as well as for governments and military services for international allies and partner countries. Served on the American Workforce Policy Advisory Board. Appointed by the President of the United States to the President s Export Council. Appointed by the Vice President of the United States to the National Space Council User Advisory Group. Leading Business Transformation: As Chairman and CEO of Lockheed Martin, led large, complex global organization that is in continuing transformation and adaptation, with customers facing technology and geopolitical disruption every day. Led large-scale portfolio rebalancing to shift away from commodity IT support and enter rotary wing business with acquisition of Sikorsky. Led digital transformation in product and internal operations. Honored with Edison Achievement Award for leadership in technology innovation in 2013 and Eisenhower Award for Innovation by Business Council for International Understanding in 2015. Science/Technology/Engineering: Served in a variety of senior management and executive positions at Lockheed Martin, a leading aerospace and advanced technology company, which positions required expertise in engineering and technology. Former director of DuPont and DowDuPont, a global chemical company, and of Carpenter Technology, a specialty steel company, and former Chair of Sandia National Laboratories, one of three National Nuclear Security Administration research and development laboratories in the United States. Former Chair of the Aerospace Industries Association. Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society and of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and National Academy of Engineering. Director Insights Q Which trainings for the Board from the past year have you found most beneficial or particularly interesting, and why? A I found the recent technology showcase presented by our Chevron team to be particularly insightful and educational. They featured our extensive use of robotics across the business, the breadth of our autonomous operations, and the use of AI and other technologies in our exploration and production operations. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 14 Table of Contents election of directors Thomas W. Horton | 64 Director Senior Advisor Global Infrastructure Partners Former Chairman, President, and CEO American Airlines Group Inc. Director Since January 2026 Independent Yes Board Committees Audit (audit committee financial expert) Current Public Company Directorships General Electric Company (operating as GE Aerospace); Walmart Inc. Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) EnLink Midstream (acquired by ONEOK, Inc. on January 31, 2025) Other Directorships and Memberships Blockchain; Cyrus One Professional Experience Global Infrastructure Partners, a global infrastructure investment firm Senior Advisor (Since 2026) Partner (2019 2026) Warburg Pincus, a private equity firm focused on growth investing Senior Advisor (2015 2019) American Airlines Group Inc. ( American ) a leading airlines in the United States Chairman (2013 2014) American Airlines Group Inc. and AMR Corporation ( AMR ), former leader in American aviation before merger with US Airways Chairman and CEO (2011 2013); President (2010 2014) Previously held leadership positions including Executive Vice President of finance and planning of American and AMR from 2006 to 2010. AT T Inc. ( AT T ), a multinational telecommunications company Vice Chairman and CFO (2002 2005) Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations: Former Chairman and CEO of a Fortune 500 company. Extensive experience as an independent director on public company boards, including current roles at General Electric Company (operating as GE Aerospace) and Walmart Inc. ( Walmart ) and prior roles with Qualcomm Incorporated and EnLink Midstream. Served as Lead Independent Director at Walmart from 2018 to 2025. Environmental Affairs: As Chairman, President, and CEO of American, oversaw all aspects of American s environmental policies and sustainability strategies. Finance: Former Chairman and CEO of a Fortune 500 company. Financial responsibility and experience, spanning CFO roles at two major corporations (American/AMR and AT T). Recognized as U.S. Top CFO by Institutional Investor Magazine in 2008. Current Audit Committee member at Walmart. Global Business/International Affairs: Former Chairman and CEO of American, oversaw global commercial operations, extensive international route networks, and complex cross-border regulatory environments. Currently a Director at Walmart Inc., a company with one of the world s largest global supply chains and broad international retail operations, and General Electric Company (operating as GE Aerospace), a global aerospace propulsion, services, and systems company with a global team of approximately 57,000 employees. Deep experience in multinational operations, cross-border governance, and global strategy. Government/Regulatory/Public Policy: Deep regulatory exposure through decades of senior leadership in heavily regulated U.S. and international industries (airlines, telecommunications) and service on boards of large multinational corporations, all of which require significant engagement with governmental and regulatory frameworks. Leading Business Transformation: As Chairman, President, and CEO of American/AMR, led one of the most significant transformations in the company s history by completing the merger with US Airways, creating the world s largest airline at the time. Extensive experience driving large-scale business transformation, including restructuring, mergers, financial repositioning, operational modernization, and brand renewal. Director Insights Q What excites you about being on Chevron s Board? A Energy is at the heart of progress in almost every human endeavor from transportation to the frontiers of AI. Abundant, ever cleaner energy is the foundation for higher living standards around the world. The Chevron team leads the way and it s a privilege to be part of this Board. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents election of directors Jon M. Huntsman Jr. | 66 Director Vice Chairman and President, Strategic Growth Mastercard Incorporated Director Since September 2020 Independent Yes Board Committees Management Compensation; Public Policy and Sustainability Current Public Company Directorships Ford Motor Company Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) Mobileye Global Inc. Other Directorships and Memberships Center for a New American Security; National Committee on U.S.-China Relations Professional Experience Mastercard Incorporated, the second-largest payment-technology corporation worldwide Vice Chairman and President, Strategic Growth (since April 2024) Ford Motor Company ( Ford ), a multinational automobile manufacturer Vice Chair of Policy (2021 2022); Director (since 2020) State of Utah Governor (2005 2009) U.S. Federal Government U.S. Ambassador to Russia (2017 2019); U.S. Ambassador to China (2009 2011); U.S. Trade Ambassador (2001 2003); U.S. Ambassador to Singapore (1992 1993) Atlantic Council, a nonprofit that promotes leadership and engagement in international affairs Chairman (2014 2017) Huntsman Cancer Foundation, a nonprofit that supports initiatives at the University of Utah Chairman (2012 2017) Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations: Served eight years as Vice Chairman of Huntsman Corporation and Chairman and CEO of Huntsman Holdings Corporation. Environmental Affairs: As Governor of Utah, oversaw environmental policy, including signing the Western Climate Initiative, by which Utah joined with other U.S. state governments to pursue targets for reduced greenhouse gas emissions. Significant experience overseeing environmental practices and related matters as Vice Chairman of Huntsman Corporation and Chairman and CEO of Huntsman Holdings Corporation. Sustainability and Innovation Committee member at Ford. Finance: Former executive officer of Huntsman Corporation and Huntsman Holdings Corporation. Global Business/International Affairs: Served in the administrations of five U.S. presidents. Former member of the Defense Policy Board at the U.S. Department of Defense. Former U.S. Ambassador to Russia. Former Chairman of the Atlantic Council. Former Trustee of the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations and of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Former U.S. Ambassador to China. Former U.S. Ambassador to Singapore, Deputy U.S. Trade Representative, and Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Asia. Founding director of the Pacific Council on International Policy. Current and former director of companies with international operations. Government/Regulatory/Public Policy: Former member of the Defense Policy Board at the U.S. Department of Defense. Former two-term Governor of Utah. Former Deputy U.S. Trade Representative and Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Asia. Former Co-Chair of No-Labels, a nonprofit organization that works across political party lines to reduce gridlock and create policy solutions. Advisor to Ford s President and CEO, and former Vice Chair of Policy. Director Insights Q What excites you about being on Chevron s Board? A At Chevron, we are committed to constantly innovating to bring cleaner, reliable energy that advances and improves the lives of the global population. I feel tremendous responsibility and excitement to deliver for our customers and stockholders as a member of this Board. There isn t a more consequential industry to be associated with. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 16 Table of Contents election of directors Dambisa F. Moyo | 57 Director Co-Principal Versaca Investments Director Since October 2016 Independent Yes Board Committees Audit (audit committee financial expert) Current Public Company Directorships Starbucks Corporation Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) 3M Company Other Directorships and Memberships Cond Nast; National Geographic Society Board of Trustees; member of the House of Lords (United Kingdom) sitting as Baroness Moyo of Knightsbridge Professional Experience Versaca Investments, a family office focused on growth investing globally Co-Founder and Co-Principal (since 2021) Mildstorm LLC, a financial and economics firm CEO (2015 2021) The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ( Goldman Sachs ), a multinational investment bank and financial services company Economist (2001 2008) World Bank, an international financial institution Consultant (1993 1995) Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Environmental Affairs: As director at Barrick Gold Corporation, served on the committee that considered and provided oversight on environmental matters. Finance: Almost ten years of experience at Goldman Sachs and the World Bank. Ph.D. in economics from the University of Oxford and MBA in finance from American University. Former Audit Committee member at 3M Company. Former Audit Committee and Risk Committee member at Barrick Gold Corporation. Global Business/International Affairs: Born and raised in Zambia, which enhances perspective on global resource challenges. Traveled to more than 80 countries, with a particular focus on the interplay of international business and the global economy, while highlighting key opportunities for investment. Current and former director of companies with international operations. Government/Regulatory/Public Policy: Member of the House of Lords (United Kingdom) sitting as Baroness Moyo of Knightsbridge since 2022. Ten years of experience in the highly regulated banking and financial services industry. Master s in Public Administration from John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University. Research/Academia: Author of four New York Times bestsellers. Dr. Moyo s writing regularly appears in economics and finance related publications. Director Insights Q Which Chevron facility visit over the past few years has enhanced your perspective of Chevron and how? A Our visit in 2025 to Pascagoula, Mississippi, was extremely useful to see our refining capabilities, meet and spend time with local government leaders, and see first hand the interconnectedness of our refining and shipping operations. We also heard how our investments in the community have supported local economies, including by helping advance the Mississippi Miracle in education. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents election of directors Debra Reed-Klages | 69 Director Retired Chairman, CEO and President Sempra Director Since December 2018 Independent Yes Board Committees Audit (Chairperson and audit committee financial expert) Current Public Company Directorships Caterpillar Inc.; Lockheed Martin Corporation Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) None Other Directorships and Memberships None Professional Experience Sempra, an energy services holding company Chairman (2012 2018); CEO (2011 2018) and President (2017 2018); Executive Vice President (2010 2011) San Diego Gas Electric and Southern California Gas Co., Sempra s regulated California utilities President and CEO (2006 2010) Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations : Served seven years as CEO of Sempra. Over three decades of experience in senior management and executive positions at Sempra, including responsibility for utility and infrastructure operations. Environmental Affairs: As Chairman and CEO of Sempra, oversaw all aspects of Sempra s environmental and sustainability policies and strategies, which include initiatives to address challenges like limiting water use and improving the quality and efficiency of operations, infrastructure development, and access to energy, human health, and environmental safety. Finance : Former Chairman and CEO of a Fortune 500 company. More than a decade of financial responsibility and experience at Sempra or its subsidiaries. Former CFO of San Diego Gas Electric and Southern California Gas Co. Previously served as an Audit Committee member at Lockheed Martin Corporation. Global Business/International Affairs: Former Chairman and CEO of a Fortune 500 company that conducts business in Mexico and South America. Current and former director of companies with international operations. Government/Regulatory/Public Policy: At Sempra, worked with and adhered to the rules established by the California Public Utilities Commission, the principal regulator of Sempra s California utilities. Served four years on the National Petroleum Council, a federally chartered advisory committee to the U.S. Secretary of Energy. Leading Business Transformation: As Chairman and CEO of Sempra, led transformation of San Diego Gas Electric from all fossil fuel generation to becoming one of the utilities with the highest percentage of renewables in its portfolio. Also led creation of the second largest energy company in Mexico to facilitate Mexico s transition to renewable energy, including development of infrastructure in Mexico to support that transition. Science/Technology/Engineering : B.S. in civil engineering from the University of Southern California and former member of the Board of Councilors at the University of Southern California s Viterbi School of Engineering. Served in a variety of senior management and executive positions at Sempra, requiring expertise in engineering and technology. Director at Caterpillar, a manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, and Lockheed Martin, a global security and aerospace company. Director Insights Q Which trainings for the Board from the past year have you found most beneficial or particularly interesting, and why? A The full Board recently participated in an education session focused on AI where we reviewed AI opportunities and risks, including how AI could reshape and drive improvements in our business. The Audit Committee also held a more targeted session on how AI applications can be leveraged in our finance and audit functions to enhance visibility and transparency in our processes. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 18 Table of Contents election of directors D. James Umpleby III | 68 Director Former Chairman and CEO Caterpillar Inc. Director Since March 2018 Independent Yes Board Committees Board Nominating and Governance; Public Policy and Sustainability Current Public Company Directorships None Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) Caterpillar Inc. Other Directorships and Memberships The Business Council; National Petroleum Council; Peterson Institute for International Economics; Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology Professional Experience Caterpillar, a leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel, and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines, and diesel-electric locomotives Executive Chairman (May 2025 April 2026) Chairman (2018 2025); CEO (2017 2025) Group President of the Energy Transportation business segment (2013 2016) Vice President (2010 2013) Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations: Former Chairman and CEO of a Fortune 100 company. More than three decades of experience in senior management and executive positions at Caterpillar, including responsibility for engineering, manufacturing, marketing, sales, and services. Environmental Affairs: As Chairman and CEO of Caterpillar, oversaw all aspects of Caterpillar s environmental and sustainability policies and strategies, which include initiatives to address challenges like preventing waste, improving the quality and efficiency of operations, developing infrastructure, and ensuring access to energy, human health, and environmental safety. Served as a member of the Latin America Conservation Council, in partnership with The Nature Conservancy, a global conservation organization. Former Director of the World Resources Institute, an international research nonprofit organization working to secure a sustainable future. Finance: Former Chairman and CEO of a Fortune 100 company. More than a decade of financial responsibility and experience at Caterpillar. Global Business/International Affairs: Former Chairman and CEO of a Fortune 100 company with extensive international operations. Served in assignments at Caterpillar in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur from 1984 to 1990. Director of the Peterson Institute for International Economics, the U.S.-China Business Council, and the U.S.-India Business Strategic Partnership Forum and a former member of the U.S.-India CEO Forum. Leading Business Transformation: As Chairman and CEO of Caterpillar, developed a new strategy for long-term profitable growth. Led a global team that implemented a strategy focused on operational excellence, expanded offerings, sustainability, and services. Accelerated expansion of commercial offerings to provide additional customer value, growing total sales and revenue over 68% during his tenure as CEO. In alignment with the strategy, drove enterprisewide improvement of operational performance with deployment of the Caterpillar Operating Execution Model across the company to prioritize resource allocation for long-term profitable growth. In 2024, Caterpillar achieved record full-year adjusted profit per share, which increased more than sixfold during his tenure as CEO. Science/Technology/Engineering: B.S. in mechanical engineering from the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. Served in a variety of senior management and executive positions at Caterpillar, requiring expertise in engineering and technology. Director Insights Q What excites you about being on Chevron s Board? A I am excited to be associated with a values-based organization that helps increase standards of living for people around the world by delivering energy in an environmentally responsible way. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents election of directors Cynthia J. Warner | 67 Director Former President and CEO Renewable Energy Group, Inc. Director Since June 2022 Independent Yes Board Committees Public Policy and Sustainability Current Public Company Directorships Sempra; Bloom Energy Corporation Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) Renewable Energy Group, Inc.; IDEX Corporation Other Directorships and Memberships Board of Trust of Vanderbilt University and Board of Visitors of the Vanderbilt University School of Engineering; Executive Committee of the Board of Advisors of Columbia University Center on Global Energy Policy; Board of Trustees of the University of the Incarnate Word Professional Experience GVP Climate, a venture capital firm that focuses on early-stage clean technology Senior Operating Partner (since 2023) Renewable Energy Group, Inc. ( Renewable Energy Group ), a global producer and supplier of bio-based diesel President, CEO, and Director (2019 2022) Andeavor (formerly Tesoro Corporation), an integrated marketing, logistics, and refining company Executive Vice President, Operations (2016 2018); Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development (2014 2016) Sapphire Energy, a biofuels company Chairman and CEO (2012 2014); Chairman and President (2009 2011) BP (British Petroleum), a multinational oil and gas company Group Vice President of Global Refining (2007 2009); Group Vice President of Health, Safety, Security, Environmental and Technology (2005 2007) Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations: Over 40 years of business leadership experience in the traditional and renewable energy sectors, holding key roles in technology development, operations, business development, strategy, environment, health, and safety. Named a Fortune 2020 Businessperson of the Year. Currently serving as Sempra s Lead Independent Director and serves on Sempra s Corporate Governance, Safety, Sustainability, and Technology and Executive committees. Environmental Affairs: More than 45 years of experience in the traditional and renewable energy sectors with an extensive background in refining and its health, safety, security, and environmental operations and efforts. Led the groundbreaking cooperative effort with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to shape a framework for clean air improvements, to which the entire U.S. refining industry eventually signed on. Senior Operating Partner at GVP Climate, a venture capital firm seeking to invest in early-stage firms with technologies that will help to foster a transition to a lower carbon system. Finance: More than a decade of financial responsibility and experience at Sapphire Energy, Andeavor/Marathon, and Renewable Energy Group. Global Business/International Affairs: Former CEO of an international company that produces and supplies renewable fuels like biodiesel and renewable diesel, renewable chemicals, and other products. Current and former director of companies with international operations. Worked and resided internationally for over 10 years, including having responsibility for operations of refineries and pipeline systems in five continents. Leading Business Transformation: Developed and executed a strategy to grow Renewable Energy Group s value delivery by over three times in three years; spearheaded significant growth at Andeavor, including acquisition of Western Refining and purchase and conversion of the Dickinson refinery to a renewable diesel plant; oversaw implementation of a multifaceted operations management system for BP s entire refining system; led award-winning effort to improve union/management relationships at the Amoco Texas City refinery. Science/Technology/Engineering: B.S. in chemical engineering from Vanderbilt University. Served as process development engineer and internal process technology consultant at Amoco Oil Company for over a decade. As CEO of Sapphire Energy, oversaw development of technology to produce oil from algae, successfully building and placing into operation one of the largest algae farms in the world. Currently serving as a member of the Vanderbilt University School of Engineering Academy of Distinguished Alumni. Director Insights Q What excites you about being on Chevron s Board? A Our Board is a group of deeply experienced and talented individuals who together provide strategic inputs to a company that is truly making a positive impact in the world of energy. I feel privileged to be a part of this meaningful enterprise, alongside a thought-provoking group of leaders. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 20 Table of Contents election of directors Michael K. (Mike) Wirth | 65 Chairman Since February 2018 Chairman and CEO Chevron Corporation Director Since February 2017 Independent No Board Committees None Current Public Company Directorships None Prior Public Company Directorships (within past five years) None Other Directorships and Memberships Member of the Board of Directors of American Petroleum Institute and Catalyst; member of the National Petroleum Council, the Business Roundtable, the American Heart Association CEO Roundtable, The Business Council, and the American Society of Corporate Executives Professional Experience Chevron Chairman and CEO (since 2018) Vice Chairman of the Board (2017 2018); Executive Vice President of Midstream Development (2016 2018); Executive Vice President of Downstream Chemicals (2006 2015); President of Global Supply and Trading (2003 2006) Joined Chevron as a design engineer in 1982 Skills and Experience Supporting Nomination Business Leadership/Operations: Chairman and CEO of Chevron. Twelve years as Executive Vice President of Chevron. More than three decades of experience in senior management and executive positions at Chevron. Environmental Affairs: As Chairman and CEO of Chevron, oversees all aspects of Chevron s environmental policies and strategies. Finance: CEO of a Fortune 100 company. More than two decades of corporate financial responsibility and experience at Chevron. Global Business/International Affairs: Chairman and CEO of a Fortune 100 company with extensive international operations. Served as President of Marketing for Chevron s Asia/Middle East/Africa marketing business based in Singapore and served as director of Caltex Australia Ltd. and GS Caltex in South Korea. Government/Regulatory/Public Policy: More than four decades of experience in a highly regulated industry. As Chairman and CEO of Chevron, oversees all aspects of Chevron s government, regulatory, and public policy affairs. Leading Business Transformation: From 2010 to 2012, led the major turnaround of Chevron s global Downstream Chemicals business, including significant portfolio rationalization, new supply chain processes, manufacturing improvements, and comprehensive organizational restructuring. Cost savings, margin growth, and execution improvement drove a significant shift in relative competitive performance on safety, reliability, and profitability. In 2025, led transformation of Chevron Corporation, including the largest corporate restructuring in more than two decades. Approach was comprehensive and addressed strategy, portfolio business model, culture, and efficiency. Completed a major acquisition at the same time. Science/Technology/Engineering: B.S. in chemical engineering from the University of Colorado. More than four decades of experience at Chevron. Joined as a design engineer and advanced through a number of engineering, construction, marketing, and operations roles. Director Insights Q What areas of Chevron s strategy do you feel investors should be focused on in the coming years? A Investors should focus on the growth, durability and low break-even of Chevron s cash-generating assets; its commitment to capital discipline and balance sheet strength; and the confidence to sustain and grow shareholder returns through commodity cycles. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents election of directors director orientation and education Chevron s Board maintains a new Director orientation program that is preferably completed during a new Director s first year of Board service. The orientation program has three main components: (1) written materials detailing information about Chevron, such as Chevron s governing documents, recent U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings, and press releases; (2) a series of meetings with Chevron s senior executive officers; and (3) Chevron facility/site visits to experience Chevron s operations in person (visits include a Downstream facility, typically a refinery, and an upstream operation). Beyond orientation, Directors regularly visit Chevron work locations to meet with employees and learn about particular operations. Directors are provided with a list of continuing director education opportunities, and all Directors are encouraged to periodically attend director continuing education programs offered by various organizations. Chevron also provides at least two optional in-house director education sessions each year, on topics in which Directors have expressed interest. In addition, Directors benefit from access to various governance and directorship organizations and publications to which Chevron subscribes. Directors also receive a weekly digest of news articles related to Chevron and ongoing education through Board briefings and presentations on various topics at Board and Committee meetings, which regularly include outside speakers. vote required Each Director nominee who receives a majority of the votes cast (i.e., the number of shares voted FOR a Director nominee must exceed the number of shares voted AGAINST that Director nominee, excluding abstentions) will be elected a Director in an uncontested election. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no impact on the outcome of elections. If the number of Director nominees exceeds the number of Directors to be elected a circumstance we do not anticipate the Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting, or any adjournment or postponement thereof. your board s recommendation Your Board recommends that you vote FOR each of the 12 Director nominees named in this Proxy Statement. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 22 Table of Contents director compensation objectives Compensation for our non-employee Directors is designed to be competitive with compensation for directors of other large, global energy companies and other large, capital-intensive, international companies; to link rewards to business results and stockholder returns; and to align stockholder and Director interests through Director ownership of Chevron common stock. overview Under the Chevron Corporation Non-Employee Directors Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan, as amended, and Plan Rules, as amended (together, the NED Plan ), Chevron s Annual Compensation Cycle for its non-employee Directors is the period commencing on the day of the Annual Meeting at which the non-employee Director is elected through the day immediately preceding the next Annual Meeting. Our non-employee Director compensation program consists primarily of a cash component and an equity component. Non-employee Directors do not receive fees for attending Board or Committee meetings, nor do they receive fees for meeting with stockholders. We do not provide non-equity incentive awards, nor do we provide a retirement plan for non-employee Directors. Our Chief Executive Officer is not paid additional compensation for service as a Director. cash retainer Non-employee Directors receive total annual compensation of $390,000 per non-employee Director, with approximately 40%, or $155,000, paid in cash and approximately 60%, or $235,000, paid in restricted stock units ( RSUs ). In line with historical practice, an additional cash retainer, in the amounts described herein, was paid to the independent Lead Director and each Committee Chairperson. Each cash retainer is paid in monthly installments beginning with the date the non-employee Director is elected to the Board. Under the NED Plan, non-employee Directors can elect to defer receipt of any portion of their cash compensation. Deferral elections must be made by December 31 in the year preceding the year in which the cash to be deferred is earned. Deferrals are credited, at the non-employee Director s election, into accounts tracked with reference to the same investment fund options available to participants in the Chevron Deferred Compensation Plan II, including a Chevron Stock Fund. None of the earnings under the NED Plan are above market or preferential. Distribution of deferred amounts is in cash except for amounts valued with reference to the Chevron Stock Fund, which are distributed in shares of Chevron common stock. equity compensation RSUs are granted on the date of the Annual Meeting at which the non-employee Director is elected. If a non-employee Director is elected to the Board between annual meetings, a prorated grant is made. RSUs are paid out in shares of Chevron common stock unless the non-employee Director has elected to defer the payout until retirement. RSUs are subject to forfeiture (except when the non-employee Director dies, reaches mandatory retirement age of 74, becomes disabled, changes primary occupation, or enters government service) until the earlier of 12 months or the day preceding the first Annual Meeting following the date of the grant, at which time they vest. expenses and charitable matching gift program Non-employee Directors are reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the business and affairs of Chevron. Non-employee Directors are eligible to participate in Chevron Humankind, our charitable matching gift and community involvement program, which is available to any employee, retiree, and Director. For active employees and non-employee Directors, we matched contributions to eligible entities and grants for volunteer time, up to a maximum of $7,500 per year. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents director compensation governance The Governance Committee evaluates and recommends to the Board the compensation for non-employee Directors, and the Board approves the compensation. Our executive officers have no role in determining the amount or form of non-employee Director compensation. The Committee may retain the services of an independent compensation consultant to assist the Committee with its work. The Committee did not do so in 2025. director stock ownership guidelines Under the Corporate Governance Guidelines, each non-employee Director is expected, within five years of when the Director first becomes subject to the guidelines, to own shares of Chevron common stock that have a value equal to seven times their annual cash retainer, or 15,000 shares, for serving as a Director. Shares may be owned directly by the individual, owned jointly with, or separately by, the Director s spouse, or held in trust for the benefit of the Director, the Director s spouse, or the Director s children. All non-employee Directors with more than five years of service have met our stock ownership guidelines, and all non-employee Directors with less than five years of service have met or are on target to meet our stock ownership guidelines within the expected time. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 24 Table of Contents director compensation 2025 non-employee director compensation The 2025 non-employee Directors annual compensation, and the additional annual cash retainer for the independent Lead Director and each Board Committee Chairperson, are described below. Position Cash retainer RSUs Non-Employee Director $155,000 $ 235,000 Independent Lead Director $ 50,000 $ Audit Committee Chairperson $ 30,000 $ Board Nominating and Governance Committee Chairperson $ 20,000 $ Management Compensation Committee Chairperson $ 25,000 $ Public Policy and Sustainability Committee Chairperson $ 20,000 $ compensation during the fiscal year ended december 31, 2025 The following table sets forth the compensation of our non-employee Directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Name Fees earned or paid in cash ($) Stock awards ($) (1) All other compensation ($) (2) Total ($) Wanda M. Austin $ 225,000 (3)(4) $ 235,000 $ 7,500 $ 467,500 John B. Frank $ 155,000 (5) $ 235,000 $ 7,500 $ 397,500 Alice P. Gast $ 142,651 (6) $ 235,000 $ $ 377,651 Enrique Hernandez, Jr. $ 175,000 (3) $ 235,000 $ 7,500 $ 417,500 John B. Hess $ 52,631 (7) $ 195,618 $ $ 248,249 Marillyn A. Hewson $ 155,000 (5) $ 235,000 $ 7,500 $ 397,500 Thomas W. Horton $ (8) $ $ $ Jon M. Huntsman Jr. $ 155,000 $ 235,000 $ $ 390,000 Charles W. Moorman $ 180,000 (3)(5) $ 235,000 $ 7,500 $ 422,500 Dambisa F. Moyo $ 155,000 $ 235,000 $ $ 390,000 Debra Reed-Klages $ 185,000 (3) $ 235,000 $ $ 420,000 D. James Umpleby III $ 155,000 (5) $ 235,000 $ $ 390,000 Cynthia J. Warner $ 155,000 (5) $ 235,000 $ 7,500 $ 397,500 Footnotes are on the following pages 26 and 27. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents director compensation (1) Amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value for RSUs granted in 2025 under the NED Plan. We calculate the grant date fair value of these awards in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ( ASC Topic 718 ), for financial reporting purposes. The grant date fair value of these RSUs was $137.83 per unit, the closing price of Chevron common stock on May 27, 2025, except for the prorated award for Mr. Hess. Mr. Hess received a prorated grant of 1,251 RSUs for the compensation period covering July 28, 2025, the day he joined the Board, through May 26, 2026. For Mr. Hess, the grant date fair value of these RSUs was $156.28 per unit, the closing price of Chevron common stock on July 28, 2025, the effective date of his Board appointment. RSUs accrue dividend equivalents, the value of which is factored into the grant date fair value, and vest on the earlier of 12 months or the day preceding the first Annual Meeting following the date of the grant. For Dr. Gast, vesting of RSUs granted in 2025 was accelerated upon her death in October 2025 in accordance with the terms of her award agreement and the NED Plan. For purposes of this table only, estimates of forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions for awards have been disregarded. RSUs are payable in Chevron common stock. As of December 31, 2025, the following non-employee Directors had the following number of shares subject to outstanding stock awards, deferrals, or stock options: Name RSUs (a) Stock units from Director s deferral of cash retainer (b) Stock options (c) Total Wanda M. Austin 1,742 1,742 John B. Frank 18,881 14,413 33,294 Alice P. Gast 26,872 26,872 Enrique Hernandez, Jr. 33,269 1,686 34,955 John B. Hess 1,279 1,279 Marillyn A. Hewson 10,448 5,662 16,110 Thomas W. Horton Jon M. Huntsman Jr. 1,742 1,742 Charles W. Moorman 36,352 20,060 28,809 85,221 Dambisa F. Moyo 5,852 5,852 Debra Reed-Klages 15,995 1,354 17,349 D. James Umpleby III 1,742 1,742 Cynthia J. Warner 6,503 358 6,861 (a) Represents awards of RSUs and dividend equivalents rounded to whole units. Awards of deferred RSUs are settled in shares of Chevron common stock in either one or 10 annual installments following the Director s retirement, resignation, or death. RSUs not deferred are settled in shares upon vesting on the earlier of 12 months or the day preceding the first Annual Meeting following the date of the grant. The terms of awards of RSUs are described above. (b) Represents deferred compensation and dividend equivalents, rounded to whole units. Distribution will be made in either one or 10 annual installments. Any deferred amounts unpaid at the time of a Director s death are distributed to the Director s beneficiary. (c) Represents nonstatutory/nonqualified stock options awarded under the NED Plan prior to December 31, 2021. Effective December 31, 2021, non-employee Directors may no longer elect to receive stock options in lieu of their cash retainer. Any outstanding stock options previously granted remain outstanding under the terms of the original grant until the options are exercised or expire. The stock options are exercisable for that number of shares of Chevron common stock determined by dividing the amount of the cash retainer subject to the election by the Black-Scholes value of a stock option on the date of grant. The stock options have an exercise price based on the closing price of Chevron common stock on the date of grant. Non-employee Directors who retire in accordance with Chevron s Director Retirement Policy have until 10 years from the date of grant to exercise any outstanding options. Stock options do not accrue dividends or dividend equivalents. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 26 Table of Contents director compensation (2) All Other Compensation for 2025 includes the following items: Name Perquisites (a) Charitable (b) Wanda M. Austin $ $7,500 John B. Frank $ $7,500 Alice P. Gast $ $ Enrique Hernandez, Jr. $ $7,500 John B. Hess $ $ Marillyn A. Hewson $ $7,500 Thomas W. Horton $ $ Jon M. Huntsman Jr. $ $ Charles W. Moorman $ $7,500 Dambisa F. Moyo $ $ Debra Reed-Klages $ $ D. James Umpleby III $ $ Cynthia J. Warner $ $7,500 (a) Perquisites and personal benefits did not equal or exceed $10,000 for any Director in 2025. (b) Amounts reflect payments made to charitable organizations under Chevron Humankind, our charitable matching gift and community involvement program, to match donations made by the non-employee Directors in 2025. (3) Amount includes the additional retainer paid for serving as a Board Committee Chairperson during 2025. (4) Amount includes the additional cash retainer paid for serving as Lead Director during 2025. (5) Director has elected to defer all or a portion of the cash retainer under the NED Plan in 2025. (6) Dr. Gast served as a member of the Board until her death on October 27, 2025. (7) Reflects Mr. Hess s prorated cash retainer when he joined the Board during the 2025 Annual Compensation Cycle. (8) Mr. Horton joined the Board on January 27, 2026, and did not receive compensation for 2025. Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents corporate governance overview Chevron is governed by a Board of Directors and Board Committees that meet throughout the year. Directors discharge their responsibilities at Board and Committee meetings and through other communications with management. Your Board is committed to strong corporate governance structures and practices that help Chevron compete more effectively, sustain its success, and build long-term stockholder value. role of the board of directors The Board oversees and provides guidance for Chevron s business and affairs and oversees management s development and implementation of Chevron s strategy and business planning process. The Board monitors corporate performance, the integrity of Chevron s financial controls, and the effectiveness of its legal compliance and enterprise risk management programs. This is generally a year-round process, culminating in Board reviews of Chevron s strategic plan, its business plan, the next year s capital expenditures budget, and key financial and operational indicators. The Board also oversees management and the succession of key executives. corporate governance guidelines Your Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines to provide a transparent framework for the effective governance of Chevron. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are reviewed regularly and updated as appropriate. The full text of the Corporate Governance Guidelines can be found on our website at w . ww.chevron.com/investors/corporate-governance. The Guidelines address: Role of the Board Board succession planning and membership criteria Director independence Board size Director terms of office Election of Directors Other board memberships Director retirement policy Number and composition of Board Committees Board leadership and Lead Director Executive sessions Business Conduct and Ethics Code Confidentiality Succession planning Board compensation Board access to management and other employees Director orientation and education Evaluation of Board performance Chief Executive Officer performance review Director and officer stock ownership guidelines Access to outside advisors Board agenda and meetings Strategic planning Policy on stockholder proposals receiving majority approval Confidential stockholder voting policy Communication with the Board Reporting concerns of accounting, internal controls, or auditing matters Policy on stockholder rights plans Periodic review of Corporate Governance Guidelines Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 28 Table of Contents corporate governance board leadership structure Under Chevron s By-Laws, the positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer are separate positions that may be occupied by the same person or different persons at the discretion of the Board. The non-employee Directors annually select the Chairman of the Board. This structure provides the Board with flexibility to choose the optimal leadership structure depending upon Chevron s particular needs and circumstances at the time and to organize its functions and conduct its business in the most effective manner. Following the merger of Chevron and Hess Corp., the Board now includes a non-employee Director John Hess who does not meet the definition of independence set by the NYSE due to certain transactions relating to the merger that are not material to either Chevron or Mr. Hess. While maintaining compliance with the NYSE requirements governing committee assignments and activities, and the requirement of an annual executive session of NYSE-defined independent directors, the Board recently amended the By-Laws and other governance documents to ensure that Mr. Hess can otherwise fully perform his fiduciary duty to participate in all aspects of Board service at Chevron by providing that certain Board activities be performed by non-employee directors. The Board has determined that it is beneficial to Chevron to have Mr. Hess participate in these activities. Each year, the Governance Committee assesses Chevron s corporate governance structures and processes, which includes a review of Chevron s Board leadership structure and whether combining or separating the roles of Chairman and CEO is in the best interests of Chevron s stockholders. At present, Chevron s Board believes that it is in the stockholders best interests for the CEO, Michael K. Wirth, to also serve as Chairman of the Board. The Board believes that having Mr. Wirth serve as Chairman fosters an important unity of leadership between the Board and management that is subject to effective oversight by the independent Lead Director and the other non-employee Directors. The Board believes that it benefits from the significant knowledge, insight, and perspective of Chevron and the energy industry that Mr. Wirth has gained throughout his 43 years with Chevron. Our business is highly complex, and our projects often have long lead times, with many of our major capital projects taking more than 10 years from the exploration phase to first production. The Board believes that Mr. Wirth s in-depth knowledge of the Company, coupled with his extensive industry expertise, makes him particularly qualified to lead Board discussions. Having Mr. Wirth serve as Chairman also promotes better alignment of Chevron s long-term strategic development with its operational execution. Also, as a global energy company that negotiates concessions and leases with host-country governments around the world, it is advantageous to the Company for the CEO to represent the Chevron Board in such dialogues as its Chairman. Your Board recognizes the importance of independent Board oversight of the CEO and management and has developed policies and procedures designed to provide independent oversight. independent lead director When the Board selects the CEO to also serve as Chairman, the non-employee Directors annually select an independent Lead Director, currently Dr. Austin. The Governance Committee and the Board routinely review the Lead Director s responsibilities to confirm that these responsibilities enhance independent oversight of the CEO and management and the flow of information and interactions among the Board, management, and other Company personnel. The Lead Director and the Chairman collaborate closely on Board meeting schedules, agendas, and information provided to the Board. The schedules, agendas, and information provided to the Board frequently reflect input and suggestions from other members of the Board and management. You can read more about these particular processes in the Board Agenda and Meetings section of Chevron s Corporate Governance Guidelines. As described in the Board Leadership and Lead Director section of Chevron s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Lead Director s responsibilities are to: Chair all meetings of the Board in the Chairman s absence; Chair the executive sessions; Lead non-employee Directors in an annual discussion of the performance evaluation of the CEO as well as communicate that evaluation to the CEO; Chevron Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents corporate governance Oversee the process for CEO succession planning; Lead the Board s review of the Governance Committee s assessment and recommendations from the Board self-evaluation process; Lead the individual Director evaluation process; Serve as liaison between the Chairman and the non-employee Directors; Consult with the Chairman on and approve agendas and schedules for Board meetings and other matters pertinent to the Corporation and the Board; Be available to advise the Committee Chairpersons in fulfilling their designated roles and responsibilities; Participate in the interview process for prospective directors with the Governance Committee; Call meetings of the non-employee and independent Directors and special meetings of the Board; and Be available as appropriate for consultation and direct communication with major stockholders. Any stockholder can communicate with the Lead Director or any of the other Directors in the manner described in the Communicating With the Board section of this Proxy Statement. director independence Your Board has determined that Mr. Horton and each Director who served in 2025 (Drs. Austin, Gast, and Moyo; Mses. Hewson, Reed-Klages, and Warner; and Messrs. Frank, Hernandez, Horton, Huntsman, Moorman, and Umpleby), except for Messrs. Hess and Wirth, are independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE and that no material relationship exists with Chevron other than as a Director. For a Director to be considered independent, the Board must determine that the Director does not have any material relationship with Chevron, other than as a Director. In making its determinations, the Board adheres to the specific tests for independence included in the listing standards of the NYSE. In addition, the Board has determined that the following relationships of Chevron Directors occurring within the last fiscal year are categorically immaterial to a determination of independence if the relevant transaction was conducted in the ordinary course of business: A director of another entity if business transactions between Chevron and that entity do not exceed $5 million or 5% of the receiving entity s consolidated gross revenues for that year, whichever is greater; An employee of another entity if business transactions in the most recent fiscal year between Chevron and that entity do not exceed $250,000 or 0.5% of the receiving entity s consolidated gross revenues for that year, whichever is greater; A director of another entity if Chevron s discretionary charitable contributions to that entity do not exceed $1 million or 2% of that entity s gross revenues for that year, whichever is greater, and if the charitable contributions are consistent with Chevron s philanthropic practices; and A relationship arising solely from a Director s ownership of an equity or limited partnership interest in a party that engages in a transaction with Chevron as long as the Director s ownership interest does not exceed 2% of the total equity or partnership interest in that other party. These categorical standards are contained in our Corpo