=== JBL_2025-10-17.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Business and Operational Risks Our ability to schedule production, manage capital expenditures, and maximize the efficiency of our manufacturing capacity is highly dependent on the actions of our customers, who generally do not commit to long-term production schedules and cancel orders, change production quantities, delay production, and/or change sourcing strategy. Most of our customers do not commit to firm production schedules for more than one quarter. We make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules and locations, component procurement commitments, personnel needs, and other resource requirements, based on our estimate of customer requirements. Our inability to forecast the level of customer orders with certainty makes it difficult to schedule production and maximize utilization of our manufacturing capacity and supply chain capabilities. Many factors outside of our control impact our customers and their ordering behavior, including recession in end markets, changing technology and industry standards, commercial acceptance for products and shifting market demand, product obsolescence, global pandemics, and loss of business. Customers have canceled their orders, changed production quantities or designs, delayed production, changed their sourcing strategy, and terminated their relationships with us. We cannot assure you that present or future customers will not terminate their service arrangements with us or significantly change, reduce, cancel, or delay the amount of services ordered. Such changes, delays, and cancellations have led to, and may lead in the future to, a decline in our production and our possession of excess or obsolete inventory that we may not be able to sell to customers or third parties. This has, and may again, result in write downs of inventories, reduction in the number of products that we sell, delays in payment for inventory that we purchased, and reductions in the use of our manufacturing facilities. As many of our costs and operating expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand, particularly a reduction in demand for a product that represents a significant amount of revenue, can harm our gross profit margins and results of operations. In the past, we have also been required to increase staffing and other expenses in order to meet anticipated demand. On occasion, customers have required rapid increases in production for one or more of their products or requested that we relocate our manufacturing operations or transfer manufacturing from one facility to another, which stresses our resources and may reduce operating margins. Our business at times experiences periods of rapid growth which can place considerable demands upon our management team and our operational, financial, and management information systems. Our ability to manage growth effectively requires us to continue to implement and improve these systems; avoid cost overruns; maintain customer, supplier, and other favorable business relationships during transition periods; efficiently and effectively dedicate resources to existing customers as well as new projects; acquire or construct additional facilities; occasionally transfer operations to different facilities; acquire equipment in anticipation of demand; procure materials and components; continue to develop the management skills of our managers and supervisors; adapt relatively quickly to new markets or technologies and continue to hire, train, motivate and manage our employees. Our failure to effectively manage growth, as well as our failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the actions we take to try to manage our growth, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, we sometimes experience difficulty forecasting the timing of our receipt of payment from customers. The necessary process to begin manufacturing can be lengthy. Because we make capital expenditures during this ramping-up process and do not receive payment until after we produce and ship the customer’s products, any delays or unanticipated costs in the ramping-up process have, and may again have, a significant adverse effect on our cash flows and our results of operations. Servicing our largest customers may also require us to increase our capital expenditures. Because we depend on a limited number of customers, a reduction in sales to any one of those customers has and could again cause a significant decline in our revenue. We currently depend, and expect to continue to depend for the foreseeable future, upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our net revenue and upon their continued existence, growth, viability, and financial stability. See “Business – The Company.” In some instances, particular manufacturing services we provide for a customer represent a significant portion of the overall revenue we receive from that customer. As a result of this concentration, a reduction in business from one or more of our largest customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, if one or more of our significant customers were to become insolvent or otherwise become unable to pay us on a timely basis, or at all, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 11 Table of Contents Efficient component and material purchasing is critical to our manufacturing processes and contractual arrangements. A shortage of components or an increase in price could interrupt our operations and reduce our profit, increase our inventory carrying costs, increase our risk of exposure to inventory obsolescence and cause us to purchase components of a lesser quality. Strategic and efficient component and materials purchasing is an aspect of our strategy. Inflation rates have increased and may continue to rise. Our suppliers have raised their prices and may continue to raise prices. When prices rise, they impact our margins and results of operations if we are not able to pass the increases through to our customers or otherwise offset them. Most of our significant long-term customer contracts permit quarterly or other periodic prospective adjustments to pricing based on decreases and increases in component prices and other factors; however, we could bear the risk of component price increases that occur between any such re-pricings or, if such re-pricing is not permitted, during the balance of the term of the particular customer contract. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to purchase the components and materials needed to manufacture customer products at favorable prices. Accordingly, certain component price increases could adversely affect our gross profit margins and results of operations. Some of the products we manufacture require one or more components that are only available from a single source. Some of these components are subject to supply shortages from time to time. In some cases, supply shortages will substantially curtail production of all assemblies using a particular component. A supply shortage can also increase our cost of goods sold if we have to pay higher prices for components in limited supply, or cause us to have to redesign or reconfigure products to accommodate a substitute component. In the past there have been industry wide conditions, pandemics, natural disasters and global events that have caused material and component shortages. In fiscal year 2023, our supply chain was impacted by component shortages, most notably in the semiconductor industry. Our production of a customer’s product has and could again be negatively impacted by any quality, reliability or availability issues with any of our component suppliers. The financial condition of our suppliers could affect their ability to supply us with components and their ability to satisfy any warranty obligations they may have, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If a component shortage is threatened or anticipated, we have and may in the future purchase such components early to avoid a delay or interruption in our operations. Purchasing components early has, and may again cause us to incur additional inventory carrying costs and experience inventory obsolescence, both of which may not be recoverable from our customers and could adversely affect our gross profit margins and results of operations. A component shortage will require us to look to second tier vendors or to procure components through brokers. Component availability may be impacted by a supplier’s decision to change part design, performance specifications, manufacturing process, manufacturing locations, and/or use of subcontractors, or by both planned and unforeseen product discontinuation. Although the impact of the Russia/Ukraine conflict on our supply chain has not been significant, some sub-tier suppliers providing raw materials such as palladium, neon gas, and high-grade aluminum are partially dependent on supply from the regions that may be impacted by the conflict. We will continue to closely monitor the supply availability and price fluctuations of these raw materials. In addition, we source some parts from certain suppliers located in Israel. Although the impact of the Russia/Ukraine conflict and conflicts in the Middle East on our supply chain has not been significant to date, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case. Price increases resulting from such shortages and/or other factors which we cannot recover from our customers may adversely impact our results of operations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business – Components Procurement.” Customer relationships with emerging companies present more risks than with established companies. Customer relationships with emerging companies present special risks because we do not have an extensive product or customer relationship history. There is less demonstration of market acceptance of their products, making it harder for us to anticipate requirements as compared to established customers. Our credit risk on these customers, especially in trade accounts receivable and inventories, and the risk that these customers will be unable to fulfill indemnification obligations to us, are potentially increased. We sometimes offer these customers extended payment terms, loans, and other support and financial accommodations which increases our financial exposure and has impacted our financial results in the past. 12 Table of Contents The success of our business is dependent on our ability to keep pace with technological changes and competitive conditions in our industry and our ability to effectively adapt our services as our customers react to technological changes and competitive conditions in their respective industries. If we are unable to offer technologically advanced, cost effective, quick response manufacturing services that are differentiated from our competition (including utilization of machine learning and artificial intelligence) and adapt those services as our customers’ requirements change, demand for our services will decline. There are significant risks involved in our efforts to keep pace with technological developments and no assurance can be provided that the usage of such technology will enhance our business. Introducing new business models or programs requiring implementation of new competencies, such as new process technologies and our development of new products or services, has and could affect our operations and financial results. The introduction of new business models or programs requiring implementation or development of new competencies, such as new process technology within our operations and our independent development of new products or services, presents challenges in addition to opportunities. The success of new business models or programs depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, a sufficient understanding of the new business or markets, timely and successful product development (by us and/or our customer), market acceptance, our ability to manage the risks associated with new business models or programs and new product production ramp-up, the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, our development or acquisition of appropriate intellectual property, the availability of supplies in adequate quantities and at appropriate costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. Accordingly, we cannot determine in advance the ultimate result of new business models or programs. As a result, we must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our assumptions will accurately reflect customer demand. After the development of a new business model, program, product, or service, we typically must be able to manufacture appropriate volumes quickly and at low cost. To accomplish this, we endeavor to accurately forecast volumes, mixes of products and configurations; however, we do not always succeed at doing so. The addition of new customers has also introduced different demand cycles. For example, cloud-based service providers are cyclically different from our traditional customers, creating changes to our historical revenue patterns and increasing the complexity of the management of our working capital requirements. We compete with numerous other diversified manufacturing service providers, electronic manufacturing services, design providers, and others. Our business is highly competitive, and our manufacturing processes are generally not subject to significant proprietary protection. We compete against numerous domestic and foreign electronic manufacturers, manufacturing service providers, design providers, and others. The significant purchasing power and market power of these competitors, many of which are large companies, has and could increase pricing and competitive pressures for us. Most of our competitors have international operations and significant financial resources and some have substantially greater manufacturing, research and development (R&D) and marketing resources. These competitors may: • respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements; • have technological expertise, engineering capabilities, and/or manufacturing resources that are greater than ours; • have greater name recognition, critical mass, and geographic market presence; • be better able to take advantage of acquisition opportunities; • devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their services and execution of their strategy; • be better positioned to compete on price for their services; • have excess capacity, and be better able to utilize such excess capacity; • have greater direct buying power from component suppliers, distributors, and raw material suppliers; • have lower cost structures as a result of their geographic location or the services they provide; 13 Table of Contents • be willing or able to make sales or provide services at lower margins than we do; • have increased vertical capabilities, providing them greater cost savings. We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of our current and potential customers, who are continually evaluating the merits of manufacturing products internally against the advantages of outsourcing. In the past, some of our customers moved a portion of their manufacturing from us in order to more fully utilize their excess internal manufacturing capacity. The actions of competitors and current and potential customers have and could cause a decline in our sales and/or compression of our profits. Our business has and could be adversely affected by any delays, or increased costs, resulting from common carrier or transportation issues. We rely on a variety of common carriers across the globe to transport our materials from our suppliers and to our customers. Problems suffered by any of these common carriers, including natural disaster, pandemic, labor problems, increased energy prices, or criminal activity, have and could result in shipping delays for products or materials, increased costs, or other supply chain disruptions, and could therefore have a negative impact on our ability to receive products from suppliers and deliver products to customers, resulting in a material adverse effect on our operations. We may not be able to maintain our engineering, technological, and manufacturing expertise. Many of the markets for our manufacturing and engineering services are characterized by rapidly changing technology and evolving process development. The continued success of our business will depend upon our ability to: • hire, retain and expand our pool of qualified engineering and technical personnel; • maintain and continually improve our technological expertise; • develop and market manufacturing services that meet changing customer needs; and • anticipate and respond to technological changes in manufacturing processes on a cost-effective and timely basis. Although we use the assembly and testing technologies, equipment, and processes that are currently required by our customers, we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain or develop the capabilities required by our customers in the future. The emergence of new technology, industry standards, or customer requirements may render our equipment, inventory, or processes obsolete or noncompetitive. The acquisition and implementation of new technologies and equipment and the offering of new or additional services to our customers has in the past and may again in the future require significant expense or capital investment, which could reduce our operating margins and our operating results. In facilities that we newly establish or acquire, we may not be able to insert or maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing process expertise. Our failure to anticipate and adapt to our customers’ changing technological needs and requirements or to hire sufficient personnel to maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing expertise could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We depend on attracting and retaining officers, managers, and skilled personnel. Our success depends to a large extent upon the continued services of our officers, managers, and skilled personnel. These employees are not generally bound by employment or non-competition agreements, and we cannot assure you that we will retain them. To aid in managing our growth and strengthening our pool of management and skilled personnel, we will need to internally develop, recruit, and retain skilled management personnel. If we are not able to do so, our business and our ability to continue to grow could be harmed. We derive a substantial majority of our revenues from our international operations, which are subject to a number of different risks and often require more management time and expense than our domestic operations. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including: • difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and attempting to ensure compliance with our policies, procedures, and applicable local laws; 14 Table of Contents • less flexible employee relationships that can be difficult and expensive to terminate due to, among other things, labor laws and regulations; • rising labor costs (including the introduction or expansion of certain social programs), in particular within the lower-cost regions in which we operate, due to, among other things, demographic changes and economic development in those regions; • labor unrest and dissatisfaction, including potential labor strikes or claims; • increased scrutiny by the media and other third parties of labor practices within our industry (including working conditions, compliance with employment and labor laws and compensation) which may result in allegations of violations, more stringent and burdensome labor laws, and regulations, higher labor costs, and/or loss of revenues if our customers become dissatisfied with our labor practices and diminish or terminate their relationship with us; • burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, including those relating to export and import duties, domestic and foreign import and export controls, trade barriers (including tariffs and quotas), environmental policies and privacy issues, and local statutory corporate governance rules; • risk of non-compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”) or similar regulations in other jurisdictions; • less favorable, less predictable, or relatively undefined, intellectual property laws; • lack of sufficient or available locations from which to operate or inability to renew leases on terms that are acceptable to us or at all; • unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws or government or judicial interpretations of such regulatory requirements and laws and adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the U.S. or any of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate; • adverse changes in tax rates or accounting rules and the manner in which the U.S. and other countries tax multinational companies or interpret their tax laws or accounting rules or restrictions on the transfer of funds to us from our operations outside the U.S.; • limitations on imports or exports of components or products, or other trade sanctions; • political and economic instability and unsafe working conditions; • geopolitical unrest, including the invasion of Ukraine, the possibility of military activity in countries near or adjacent to Ukraine, and the sanctions and other actions taken by the European Union, the United States, and other governments around the world in response; • the Israel-Hamas war, attacks on shipping vessels in the Red Sea, the possibility of military activity in countries near or adjacent to Israel, and the sanctions and other actions that have or may be taken by other governments around the world in response could impact the Company although we have limited business in Israel; • risk of governmental expropriation of our property; • inadequate infrastructure for our operations (e.g., lack of adequate power, water, transportation, and raw materials); • legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices; • health concerns, epidemics, and related government actions; • increased travel costs and difficulty in coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and multiple time zones; • longer customer payment cycles and difficulty collecting trade accounts receivable; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates; • economies that are emerging or developing or that are subject to greater currency volatility, negative growth, high inflation, limited availability of foreign exchange, and other risks; • higher potential for theft, misappropriation, or unauthorized access to or use of technology, data, or intellectual property; and 15 Table of Contents • international trade disputes have and could result in tariffs and other protectionist measures that have and could adversely affect our business. Tariffs have and could increase the costs of the components and raw materials we use in the manufacturing process as well as import and export costs for finished products. Countries could adopt other protectionist measures that could limit our ability to manufacture products or provide services. Increased costs to our U.S. customers who use our non-U.S. manufacturing sites and components may adversely impact demand for our services and our results of operation and financial condition. Additionally, international trade disputes may cause our customers to decide to relocate the manufacturing of their products to another location, either within country, or into a new country. Relocations may require considerable management time as well as expenses related to market, personnel and facilities development before any significant revenue is generated, which may negatively affect our margin. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that all customer manufacturing needs can be met in available locations within the desired timeframe, or at all, which may cause us to lose business, which may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operation. In particular, a significant portion of our manufacturing, design, support and storage operations are conducted in our facilities in China, and revenues associated with our China operations are important to our success. Therefore, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by economic, political, legal, regulatory, competitive, infrastructure and other factors in China. International trade disputes or political differences with China have and could result in tariffs and other measures that could adversely affect the Company’s business. The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement and control over economic growth. In addition, our operations in China are governed by Chinese laws, rules, and regulations, some of which are relatively new. The Chinese legal system continues to rapidly evolve, which may result in uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules, and regulations that could have a material adverse effect on our business. China experiences high turnover of direct labor in the manufacturing sector due to the intensely competitive and fluid market for labor, and the retention of adequate labor is a challenge. If our labor turnover rates are higher than we expect, or we otherwise fail to adequately manage our labor needs, then our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are also subject to risks associated with our subsidiaries organized in China. For example, regulatory and registration requirements and government approvals affect the financing that we can provide to our subsidiaries. If we fail to receive required registrations and approvals to fund our subsidiaries organized in China, or if our ability to remit currency out of China is limited, then our business and liquidity could be adversely affected. Beginning in February 2025, the U.S. implemented tariffs on a variety of countries and commodities, including, among others, tariffs on aluminum and steel derivative products, imports of certain Canadian and Mexican goods, and imports of Chinese goods, universal tariffs on imports from most countries, and reciprocal tariffs on select countries. In response, certain countries have imposed, or are considering, retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports. The global tariff landscape continues to shift rapidly, with changes impacting businesses and markets around the world. These increased tariffs have impacted and may continue to impact end, customer demand. If we are unable to fully pass on these costs, our operating results and cash flows could be adversely impacted. These factors may harm our results of operations. Also, any measures that we may implement to reduce risks of our international operations may not be effective, may increase our expenses, and may require significant management time and effort. Entry into new international markets requires considerable management time as well as start-up expenses related to market, personnel and facilities development before any significant revenue is generated. As a result, initial operations in a new market may operate at low margins or may be unprofitable. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to cause compliance with the FCPA and similar laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will not take actions in violation of our policies which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Energy price increases or shortages may negatively impact our results of operations. Certain of the components that we use in our manufacturing activities are petroleum-based. In addition, we, along with our suppliers and customers, rely on various energy sources (including oil) in our facilities and transportation activities. An increase in energy prices, which have been volatile historically, or energy shortages or restrictions could cause disruption in our operations and/or increase in our raw material costs and transportation costs. In addition, increased transportation costs of certain of our suppliers and customers could be passed along to us. We may not be able to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs. In addition, any increase in our product prices may reduce our future customer orders and profitability. 16 Table of Contents We have on occasion not achieved, and may not in the future achieve, expected profitability from our acquisitions; divestitures may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We have in the past and will continue to seek and complete acquisitions and divestitures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully integrate the operations and management of our recent acquisitions. Similarly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify future strategic acquisitions and adequately conduct due diligence, consummate these potential acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all, or if consummated, successfully integrate the operations and management of future a

=== JBL_2026-06-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025. For further information on our forward-looking statements see Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table provides information relating to our repurchase of common stock, excluding excise tax, during the three months ended May 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) (2) March 1, 2026 – March 31, 2026 273,621 $ 257.38 273,621 $ 345 April 1, 2026 – April 30, 2026 447,076 $ 311.28 446,473 $ 206 May 1, 2026 – May 31, 2026 275,761 $ 351.82 275,761 $ 109 Total 996,458 $ 307.70 995,855 (1) The purchases include amounts that are attributable to 603 shares surrendered to us by employees to satisfy, in connection with the vesting of restricted stock unit awards, their tax withholding obligations. (2) In July 2025, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of our common stock as publicly announced in a press release on July 17, 2025 (the “2026 Share Repurchase Program”). For more information, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources - Dividends and Share Repurchases”. In December 2024, we issued a warrant to Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC to acquire up to 1,158,539 of our ordinary shares as reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2025. Refer to Note 10 – “Stockholders’ Equity” to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 36 Table of Contents Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended May 31, 2026, no director or “officer” of the Company (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”)) adopted , modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act), except as follows: Gary Schick , Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer , entered into a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement on March 21, 2026 (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for July 15, 2026), that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c). The plan provides for the sale, subject to certain price limits, of up to 4,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. Mr. Schick’s plan will expire on April 20, 2027 , unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms of the trading arrangement. 37 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Index to Exhibits Incorporated by Reference Herein Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 3.1 Registrant’s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. 10-Q 3.1 5/31/2017 3.2 Registrant’s Amended and Restated Bylaws. 8-K 3.1 10/23/2024 4.1 Form of Certificate for Shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock. (P) S-1 3/17/1993 4.2 Indenture, dated January 16, 2008, with respect to Senior Debt Securities of the Registrant, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee. 8-K 4.2 1/17/2008 4.3 Form of 4.250% Registered Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A to the Officers’ Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.11). 8-K 4.1 5/4/2022 4.4 Form of 5.450% Senior Notes due 2029 (included as Exhibit A to the Officers’ Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.12). 8-K 4.1 4/13/2023 4.5 Form of 4.200% Senior Notes due 2029 (included as Exhibit A to the Officers’ Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.13). 8-K 4.2 1/23/2026 4.6 Form of 4.750% Senior Notes due 2033 (included as Exhibit B to the Officers’ Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.13). 8-K 4.3 1/23/2026 4.7 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of January 17, 2018, establishing the 3.950% Senior Notes due 2028. 8-K 4.1 1/17/2018 4.8 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of January 15, 2020, establishing the 3.600% Senior Notes due 2030. 8-K 4.1 1/15/2020 4.9 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of July 13, 2020, establishing the 3.000% Senior Notes due 2031. 8-K 4.1 7/13/2020 4.10 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of April 14, 2021, establishing the 1.700% Senior Notes due 2026. 8-K 4.1 4/14/2021 4.11 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of May 4, 2022, establishing the 4.250% Senior Notes due 2027. 8-K 4.1 5/4/2022 4.12 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of April 13, 2023, establishing the 5.450% Senior Notes due 2029. 8-K 4.1 4/13/2023 4.13 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of January 23, 2026, establishing the 4.200% Senior Notes due 2029 and the 4.750% Senior Notes due 2033. 8-K 4.1 1/23/2026 10.1** Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated December 27, 2024, issued to Amazon.com, Inc. 8-K 4.1 1/3/2025 10.2 Credit Agreement dated as of June 18, 2025 among Jabil Inc.; the lenders named therein; Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent; Bank of America, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as co-syndication agents; BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Miz uho Bank, Ltd., Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as co-documentation agents; and Citibank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. 8-K 10.1 6/24/2025 10.3†* Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 31.1* Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Chief Executive Officer. 31.2* Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Chief Financial Officer. 32.1* Section 1350 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer. 32.2* Section 1350 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer. 38 Table of Contents 101 The following financial information from Jabil’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2026 and August 31, 2025, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months and nine months ended May 31, 2026 and 2025, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months and nine months ended May 31, 2026 and 2025, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the three months and nine months ended May 31, 2026 and 2025, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended May 31, 2026 and 2025, and (vi) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the inline XBRL Document in Exhibit 101). † Indicates management compensatory plan, contract or arrangement * Filed or furnished herewith ** Certain portions of this document have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. Jabil agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. Certain instruments with respect to long-term debt of the Registrant and its consolidated subsidiaries are not filed herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K since the total amount of securities authorized under each such instrument does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 39 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. JABIL INC. Registrant Date: June 30, 2026 By: /s/ M ICHAEL D ASTOOR M