=== JBL_2025-10-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors, which are incorporated herein by reference. References in this report to the Company, Jabil, we, our, or us mean Jabil Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries, except where the context otherwise requires. 1 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business The Company Jabil is one of the leading providers of engineering, manufacturing, and supply chain solutions. We deliver comprehensive design, production, and product management services to companies across a diverse range of industries and end markets. Our capabilities span the entire product lifecycle from innovation, design, and planning to fabrication, assembly, and delivery enabling seamless management of resources and materials across global supply chains. Through these integrated services, we help our customers reduce manufacturing costs, enhance supply chain efficiency, minimize inventory risk, lower transportation expenses, and accelerate product fulfillment. We serve our customers primarily through dedicated business units that combine highly automated, continuous flow manufacturing with advanced electronic design and design for manufacturability. Each business unit team serves as a single point of contact between a customer and Jabil. Business unit teams are supported by cross-functional teams, which leverage the power of our global expertise and capabilities to carry out work at the site level. We conduct our operations in facilities that are located worldwide, including but not limited to China, Malaysia, Mexico, and the United States. Our global manufacturing production sites allow customers to manufacture products simultaneously in the optimal locations for their products. Our global presence is key to assessing and executing on our business opportunities. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025, we had net revenues of $29.8 billion and net income attributable to Jabil Inc. of $657 million. As of September 1, 2024, we are reporting our business in the following three segments: Regulated Industries, Intelligent Infrastructure, and Connected Living and Digital Commerce, which are also the Company s reportable segments. Our Regulated Industries segment is focused on regulated markets and includes revenues from customers primarily in the automotive and transportation, healthcare and packaging, and renewables and energy infrastructure industries. Our Intelligent Infrastructure segment is focused on the modern digital ecosystem including artificial intelligence ( AI ) infrastructure and includes revenues from customers primarily in the capital equipment, cloud and data center infrastructure, and networking and communications industries. Our Connected Living and Digital Commerce segment is focused on digitalization and automation, including warehouse automation and robotics, and includes revenues from customers primarily in the connected living and digital commerce industries. Additional financial information regarding our reportable operating segments is included in Item 7 of this report and Note 14 Concentration of Risk and Segment Data to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Industry Background Our industry was historically composed of companies that provide a range of design and manufacturing services to companies that utilize electronics components in their products. The industry subsequently expanded to include customers that require products and services beyond electronic components, including plastics and metal components, packaging, and injection molding. We monitor the current economic environment and its potential impact on both the customers we serve as well as our end-markets; we closely manage our costs and capital resources so that we can respond appropriately as circumstances change. Over the long term we believe the factors driving our customers and potential customers to use our industry s services include: Efficient Manufacturing. Manufacturing solutions providers are often able to manufacture products at a reduced total cost to companies. These cost advantages result from higher utilization of capacity and efficiencies of scale because of diversified product demand and, generally, a greater focus on the components of manufacturing cost. Companies are increasingly seeking to reduce their investment in inventory, facilities, and equipment used in manufacturing and prioritizing capital investments in other activities, such as sales and marketing and research and development ( R D ). This strategic shift in capital deployment has contributed to increased demand for and interest in outsourcing to external manufacturing service providers. 2 Table of Contents Accelerated Product Time-to-Market and Time-to-Volume. Manufacturing solutions providers are often able to deliver accelerated production start-ups and achieve high efficiencies in bringing new products to production. Providers are also able to more rapidly scale production for changing markets and to position themselves in global locations that serve the leading world markets. With increasingly shorter product life cycles, these key services allow new products to be sold in the marketplace in an accelerated time frame. Access to Advanced Design and Manufacturing Technologies. By utilizing manufacturing solutions providers, customers gain access to additional advanced technologies in manufacturing processes, as well as to product and production design, which can offer customers significant improvements in the performance, quality, cost, time-to-market and manufacturability of their products. Improved Inventory Management and Purchasing Power. Manufacturing solutions providers are often able to more efficiently manage both procurement and inventory. Providers have demonstrated proficiency in purchasing components at improved pricing due to the scale of their operations and continuous interaction with the materials marketplace. Global Reach and Regional Manufacturing. Manufacturing solutions providers operate globally and are often able to more efficiently transition the location of manufacturing processes for products in response to changing macroeconomic and geopolitical environments relying on installed footprints, local teams, and consistent processes. Our Strategy Our vision is to be the world s most technologically advanced and trusted manufacturing solutions provider. As we work to achieve our vision, we pursue the following strategies: Establish and Maintain Long-Term Customer Relationships. An important element of our strategy is to develop and expand long-term relationships with leading companies in expanding industries that benefit from global, highly automated, continuous-flow manufacturing. We grow these partnerships across product lines and services to create deeper, more integrated value. In addition, we pursue relationships with new customers that meet our targeted profile: financially stable, technology-driven, growth-oriented, and committed to long-term collaboration. Product Diversification. We focus on balancing our portfolio of products and product families toward higher-return and strategically important segments. This includes manufacturing, supply chain management services, comprehensive electronics design, production, and product management services for markets such as cloud and data infrastructure, healthcare, packaging, automotive and transportation, warehouse automation, networking and communications, and semi-capital equipment. We have made concentrated efforts to diversify our industry sectors and customer base. Because of these efforts, we have experienced business growth from both existing and new customers as well as from acquisitions. In addition, we continue to evaluate emerging end-markets and technologies to help ensure our portfolio remains balanced, resilient, and aligned with long-term customer demand. Utilize Customer-Centric Business Units. Most of our business units serve a single customer, using dedicated production equipment, workers, supervisors, buyers, planners, and engineers to provide comprehensive, customized manufacturing solutions. We believe our customer-centric business units promote increased responsiveness, particularly for relationships that extend across multiple production locations. Leverage Global Production. We believe that global production reduces obsolescence risk, lowers landed costs, and promotes consistent quality worldwide. Consistent with this strategy, we have established or acquired operations in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our extensive global footprint allows us to select production locations that best serve customer needs. We believe that our global footprint is strengthened by our centralized procurement process, which, when coupled with our single Enterprise Resource Planning system, provides our customers end-to-end supply chain visibility. Increasingly, our customers also prefer manufacturing to be located closer to their end markets. To meet this need, we invest in local-for-local and local-for-regional capabilities that improve resilience, reduce lead times, enhance sustainability, and enable us to support customers directly where they operate. Expand Value-Added Services. Our systems assembly, direct-order fulfillment, and configure-to-order services allow customers to reduce product cost and obsolescence risk by lowering total work-in-process and finished goods inventory. These services are available at all of our manufacturing locations. Deliver Design Expertise. We offer a wide spectrum of value-add design services focused on improving performance, reducing costs, accelerating time-to-market, and enhancing manufacturability. Our design expertise also helps customers navigate technology transitions and regulatory requirements, creating end-to-end solutions that integrate seamlessly from concept through production. 3 Table of Contents Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. Our acquisition strategy complements current capabilities, diversifies us into new industry sectors and customers, and expands the scope of services we offer. Our Approach to Manufacturing To achieve high levels of manufacturing performance, we have adopted the following approaches: Decentralized Business Unit Model. Most of our business units serve a single customer and are empowered to tailor strategies to that customer s needs. Our business units generally have dedicated production lines consisting of equipment, production workers, supervisors, buyers, planners, and engineers. Under certain circumstances, a production line may serve more than one business unit to maximize resource utilization. Business units have direct responsibility for manufacturing results and time-to-volume production, thereby promoting accountability and ownership. The business unit approach is modular and enables us to grow incrementally without disrupting the operations of other business units. Business unit management reviews customer-specific financial performance to assess whether the business units are meeting their designated responsibilities and to ensure that the daily execution of manufacturing activities remains on track. The business units aggregate into operating segments based on the end markets they serve. Automated Continuous Flow. We use a highly automated, continuous flow approach to manufacturing, whereby different pieces of equipment are joined directly or by conveyor to create an in-line assembly process. This process contrasts with a batch approach, in which equipment operates as standalone work-centers. The elimination of waiting time prior to sequential operations results in faster manufacturing, improved efficiency, tighter quality control, and reduced work-in-process inventory. We believe continuous flow manufacturing provides cost reductions and quality improvement when applied to high volumes of product. Computerized Control and Monitoring. We support all aspects of our manufacturing activities with advanced computerized control and monitoring systems. Component inspection and vendor quality are monitored electronically in real-time. Materials planning, purchasing, stockroom, and shop floor control systems run on a computerized manufacturing resource planning system. Electronic Supply Chain Management. We make available to our customers and suppliers an electronic commerce system/electronic data interchange and cloud-based tools to implement a variety of supply chain management programs. Our customers use these tools to share demand and product forecasts and deliver purchase orders, and we use these tools with our suppliers for just-in-time delivery, supplier-managed inventory, and consigned supplier-managed inventory. These capabilities include procurement intelligence platforms and AI-driven orchestration systems that deliver real-time data insights to support cost management, inventory optimization, and risk mitigation across global supply networks. These digital tools improve visibility, responsiveness, and collaboration across the supply chain. Our Design Services We offer a wide spectrum of value-add design services to enhance our relationships with current customers and to build new customer relationships. Our teams are strategically staffed to support development projects of all sizes, from turnkey system design and joint development to industrialization and product optimization activities. Our design services support products across all markets we serve and include applications such as cloud data center server platforms; medical and consumer health devices; automotive assemblies for advanced architectures and enhanced functions; vision and safety systems; connected consumer products and appliances; digital commerce ecosystem products for retail environments; power and storage products supporting the energy infrastructure; and smart controls and security for digital building and utilities. These design services include: Electronic Design. Our Electronic Design team provides electronic hardware and embedded software design services for analog, digital, radio frequency, power, sensor, and optical component applications. This ranges from initial concept and system architecture through design implementation and new product introduction to mass production. Experience Design. Our Experience Design team works with product design teams to create product experiences that resonate with consumers through user research, industrial design, user interface design, and human factors. These capabilities help create, develop, and connect concepts and specifications that optimize the function, value, and appearance of products for both consumers and manufacturing partners. 4 Table of Contents Mechanical Design. Our Mechanical Design team specializes in the design of plastic and metal components, enclosures, sub-assemblies, and systems, with advanced modeling and analysis of electronic, electro-mechanical, and optical assemblies. This includes all aspects of product concept, detail design, wide-ranging environmental applications, thermal management, and tooling management. Optical Design. Our Optical Design team applies advanced optics expertise to develop solutions for virtual and/or augmented reality, Light Detection and Ranging ( LiDAR ), 3D sensing, projection, and imaging. Throughout the design process, we develop the required processes, equipment, and testing specific to optics to help ensure seamless transition from design to precision mass production. Industrialization Engineering Services. Our engineering services combine multiple functions to work with design teams to optimize products for maximum performance, highest quality, and time to market while balancing cost and manufacturability. These functions include our computer-assisted design ( CAD ) team, delivering PCBA design with advanced CAD tools; our Value Analysis and Value Engineering team, improving value and reducing cost of both electrical and mechanical assemblies; and our Engineering Prototyping teams for all development stages. Efforts focus on optimizing designs, reducing material and component complexity, and identifying cost-effective sourcing options. Product Verification. Our Product Verification team provides complete product verification throughout the full design cycle and executes specific test services. This includes product verification to assess performance, reliability, and durability under simulated real-world conditions, failure analysis, regulatory compliance and safety, packaging, simulation, data analysis, and component analysis to identify and mitigate potential risks early in the development process. Manufacturing Test Solution Development. Our Manufacturing Test Solution Development team provides integral support to the design teams to embed testability in designs and enable efficient investment in manufacturing resources. The use of software-driven instrumentation and test process design and management reduces human-dependent test processes and promotes traceability and visibility throughout the manufacturing test process. Capabilities include development of test specifications, tester design, and execution of structural, functional, and environmental tests. Early integration of test planning supports defect reduction and consistent product quality. Fabrication and Assembly We offer systems assembly, test, direct-order fulfillment, and configure-to-order services to our customers. Our systems assembly services extend our range of assembly activities to include assembly of higher-level sub-systems and systems incorporating multiple PCBAs. In addition, based on quality assurance programs developed with our customers, we provide testing services for our PCBAs, sub-systems, and systems products. Our quality assurance programs include product testing under various environmental conditions to help ensure that our products meet or exceed required customer specifications. Technology and Research and Development We believe that our manufacturing and testing technologies are among the most advanced in our industry. To meet our customers increasingly sophisticated needs, we continuously engage in R D activities designed to create new and improved products and manufacturing solutions for our customers. Through our R D efforts, we intend to continue offering our customers efficient manufacturing processes with high quality and differentiating product solutions using the latest technologies. These technologies and R D activities include: Automation for tooling, manufacturing, and end customer solutions Next generation electronic interconnections Advanced electrical assembly test processes Advanced polymer and metal material science Ceramic, metal and plastic single/multi-shot injection molding In-mold mechanical electrical assembly solutions Advanced coating solutions for plastics, metals lenses Thermal-plastic composite formation Advanced thermal management solutions Advanced sensor integration Optical sensors across wavelengths Co-packaged optics Silicon photonics Sterilization, device filling fluid management 5 Table of Contents Outsourced semiconductor assembly and test ( OSAT ) capabilities Sustainable materials and design Artificial intelligence and machine learning Our R D efforts span the markets we serve to provide our customers leading edge technologies and solutions. Customers and Marketing A key tenet of our strategy is to develop and expand long-term relationships with leading companies in high-growth industries that benefit from global, highly automated, continuous-flow manufacturing. A small number of customers and significant industry sectors have historically comprised a major portion of our net revenue. While this concentration reflects the depth of our customer relationships, we continue to diversify our customer base across industries and geographies to strengthen resilience. We also market our services and solutions through our website and social media platforms, as well as through direct engagement with prospective customers, industry events, and targeted outreach initiatives. In fiscal year 2025, our five largest customers accounted for approximately 36% of our net revenue and 87 customers accounted for approximately 90% of our net revenue. The table below sets forth the respective portion of net revenue attributable to customers that accounted for a significant concentration of our net revenue during the periods indicated: Percentage of Net Revenue Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2025 2024 2023 Customer A (1) 16 % * * Customer B (2) * 11 % 17 % * Amount was less than 10% of total. (1) Sales to this customer were reported primarily in the Intelligent Infrastructure segment. (2) Sales to this customer were reported in the Connected Living and Digital Commerce segment. Competition Our business is highly competitive. We compete against numerous domestic and foreign electronic manufacturing solutions providers, diversified manufacturing service providers, and design providers. We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of our current and potential customers, who are continually evaluating the merits of manufacturing products internally against the advantages of outsourcing. We compete with different companies depending on the type of service we are providing and/or the geographic area in which an activity takes place. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the manufacturing services market are: cost; accelerated production time-to-market; higher efficiencies; global locations; rapid scaling of production; advanced technologies; quality; and improved pricing of components. We believe we are extremely competitive with regard to all of these factors. Components Procurement We procure components from a broad group of suppliers, determined on an assembly-by-assembly basis. Our global sourcing and purchasing locations are strategically placed in various countries throughout the world along with our global commodity management and supplier relationship teams. These locations manage our end-to-end procurement lifecycle. This regionalized expertise along with our supplier relationships provide efficient procurement operations. Some of the products we manufacture contain one or more components that are only available from a single source. Some of these components are allocated from time to time in response to supply shortages. In some cases, supply shortages will substantially curtail production of all assemblies using a particular component. 6 Table of Contents Proprietary Rights We regard certain aspects of our technology, design, production and product management, supply chain, and other services as proprietary intellectual property. We rely largely upon a combination of intellectual property laws, non-disclosure agreements with our customers, employees, and suppliers and our internal security systems, policies, and procedures. We currently have a relatively modest number of patents for various innovations. We believe that our intellectual property portfolio will continue to evolve as we expand our business activities. Other factors significant to our proprietary rights include the knowledge and experience of our management and workforce and our ability to develop, enhance, and market our technology and services. We license some technology and intellectual property rights from third parties. Generally, the license agreements that govern such third-party technology and intellectual property rights grant us the right to use the subject technology anywhere in the world and terminate upon a material breach by us. Human Capital Management As of August 31, 2025, our workforce consists of talented and dedicated employees across approximately 100 locations in 30 countries. To maintain our competitiveness, we continually invest in our employees, so that they can take care of our customers and communities. Following is a summary of employees by region (in thousands): Region Number of Employees Asia 71 Americas 49 Europe 15 Total (1) 135 (1) Total headcount includes permanent, temporary and contingent workers. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. In certain international locations, our employees are represented by labor unions and by works councils. We promote positive employee relations globally and have not experienced a significant work stoppage or strike. Safety Safety First. Always. is a fundamental value that is ingrained in our culture. We are committed to safety standards in all of our facilities. We have implemented a continuous improvement-based Health and Safety Management System, including annual training assessments coupled with engaged leaders and employees who prioritize safety. Human Rights We believe that respect for fundamental human rights is an essential element of responsible corporate citizenship. We are a founding member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), which is one of the world s largest industry coalitions for corporate social responsibility in global supply chains. Culture Belonging: Jabil s Cultural Initiatives Our workforce provides us with the innovation and creativity that allows us to continue our success. Built on respect, our culture fosters an environment where employees feel welcomed, valued, and safe both psychologically and physically. Welcoming a spectrum of backgrounds, experiences, viewpoints, and abilities, we collaborate to create an environment where employees can be their authentic self and contribute to Jabil s success. In alignment with our Code of Conduct, we are dedicated to establishing a discrimination-free and harassment-free workplace globally. This commitment is guided by our enterprise-wide priorities of mitigating biases, cultivating inclusive leadership, and developing diverse talent. Our global sites developed and implemented programs focused on supporting employment and retention of employees with disabilities, with physical and digital infrastructure and training programs to foster an inclusive environment for all. In collaboration with our operations team, we have also established a baseline for site accessibility. 7 Table of Contents Our culture empowers Jabil to make a positive impact on our people, customers, and communities. Our commitment to our employees safety and wellbeing goes beyond physical health to include mental health. At Jabil, we provide our full-time employees two days of paid time off for health and wellbeing and one day for community service in addition to standard paid time off and holidays. To support our commitment to serve our communities where we live and operate, in 2024, Jabil employees completed over 580,000 volunteer hours. From January to August 2025, Jabil employees completed over 420,000 volunteer hours. This commitment remains for fiscal year 2026, with a continued focus in the areas of education, empowerment, and the environment. We believe that while our efforts are locally driven, the impact is global. Jabil hosted its annual Deliver Best Practices Global Finals representing 20 locations from 13 countries. This continuous improvement program embodies the best of Jabil s culture while focusing on our key business drivers (People, Process, Social Environmental, and Technology Innovation). Recognition plays an important role in appreciating others for going above and beyond their normal job duties and doing what s right for our customers, people, and communities. Jabil acknowledges these well-deserved efforts through our Enterprise recognition program, Respect. Recognize. Reward., in addition to regional and site-based recognition efforts that celebrate our employees worldwide. Compensation and Benefits Jabil s compensation programs are designed to align the compensation of our employees with Jabil s performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain, and motivate employees to achieve superior results. Specifically: We seek to provide employee pay levels that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge, and geographic location. Salary increases and incentive compensation are based on merit and performance. All full-time U.S. employees are eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, a retirement plan, and life and disability/accident coverage. Benefits outside the U.S. are provided based upon country-specific practices and are intended to support the health and wellbeing of our employees and their families. Supporting the mental health and emotional wellbeing of our employees and their families is a high priority at Jabil, and we have implemented several programs and benefits over the past several years to help de-stigmatize mental health issues and assist employees in finding and leveraging appropriate resources. These include a global employee assistance program (EAP), on-site behavioral health resources in some locations, and education for our leaders on ways to recognize and respond to signs of mental health and substance abuse issues. Additionally, our Health and Wellbeing programs help to strengthen mental health resilience. The majority of our employees around the world are eligible to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, allowing them to become owners of Jabil stock at a discount. Career Growth and Development At Jabil, we invest in the professional and personal growth and development of our employees at all levels of the organization. Our learning solutions are intended to empower employees to enhance their knowledge and skills, enabling them to work more effectively, develop stronger capabilities, and guide their teams to success and further reinforce the organization s vision. Jabil offers learning programs and offerings for all level of employees (hourly, professional, management). As part of our talent strategy, we continue to utilize the LinkedIn Learning platform to enhance employees' access to the tools, resources, and support needed to take charge of their career development. We provide free access to LinkedIn Learning to all professional, management, and executive leaders. Employees are encouraged to utilize LinkedIn Learning for both leadership and technical development, reinforcing our commitment to continuous learning and growth. Our leaders are the cornerstone of Jabil s success. They serve as a critical link between the strategic vision and the day-to-day execution of the work. One example of a program used to strengthen leadership skills is the Supervisory Basics Program an internally developed program that seeks to equip supervisors with foundational knowledge that reinforces Jabil s culture, establishes consistent standards for supervisor employee interactions, and enhances understanding of key financial and legal principles. 8 Table of Contents Employee Engagement In May 2025, we conducted our global Your Voice Matters Survey, utilizing a third party to administer it. Action plans have been developed and are in the process of being executed at all sites to promote continued excellence in employee engagement at Jabil. This is a continuation of the Your Voice Matters Pulse Surveys conducted in 2024 to measure the impact of action plans developed from the 2023 global survey. Environmental Laws and Regulations We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health and safety, product stewardship, and producer responsibility laws and regulations, including those relating to the use, storage, discharge, and disposal of hazardous chemicals used during our manufacturing process; those governing worker health and safety; those requiring design changes, supply chain investigation, or conformity assessments; or those relating to the recycling or reuse of products we manufacture. Information about our Executive Officers Executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. There are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors. There are no arrangements or understandings between any of our executive officers and any other persons pursuant to which any of such executive officers were selected. Below is a list of our executive officers: Adam E. Berry (age 48) was named Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Corporate Affairs in June 2024. He previously served as Vice President, Investor Relations from September 2018. Mr. Berry held other roles of increasing responsibility since joining Jabil in 2010 as Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Berry holds a bachelor s in Communications from Boston College and an MBA from Georgia Institute of Technology. Steven D. Borges (age 57) was named Executive Vice President, Global Business Units in May 2024. He previously served as Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Diversified Manufacturing Services from June 2022; Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Regulated Industries, from September 2020, with additional responsibility for additive Manufacturing; and as Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Healthcare from September 2016 through August 2020. Mr. Borges joined Jabil in 1993. He holds a bachelor s in Business Administration and Management from Fitchburg State University. Matthew Crowley (age 50) was named Executive Vice President, Global Business Units in May 2024. He most recently served as Senior Vice President, Global Business Units from May 2022, and from March 2019 until April 2022, as Vice President, Global Business Units, and from February 2018 to February 2019 as Senior Director, Cloud. Before joining Jabil in 2018, Mr. Crowley held positions with Dell and Amazon Web Services. Michael Dastoor (age 59) was named Chief Executive Officer in May 2024. Over his 24-year tenure at Jabil, he has held multiple leadership roles across Jabil s global markets, including serving as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from April 2018. Mr. Dastoor previously served as Senior Vice President, Controller from July 2010. Mr. Dastoor joined Jabil in 2000. He holds a degree in Finance and Accounting from the University of Bombay and is a Chartered Accountant from the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Gregory B. Hebard (age 56) was named Chief Financial Officer in May 2024. He most recently served as Senior Vice President, Treasurer since 2021. Since joining Jabil in 2009, Mr. Hebard has held roles of increasing responsibility in finance, including Senior Vice President, CFO Green Point from 2017 to 2021 and Vice President, Financial Planning Analysis from 2013 to 2017. He holds a master s in Business from DePaul University and a bachelor s in Finance from the University of Iowa. Frederic E. McCoy (age 56) was named Executive Vice President, Operations in May 2024. He most recently served as Executive Vice President, Global Business Units since August 2023; Executive Vice President Chief Executive Officer, Electronics Manufacturing Services, from December 2021 and Senior Vice President, Global Business Units from October 2017. Mr. McCoy joined Jabil in 2001. He holds a master s in International Affairs and Economics from the School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) at Johns Hopkins University and a bachelor s in Foreign Service from Georgetown University. 9 Table of Contents Francis ( Frank ) G. McKay (age 55) was named Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain and Procurement Officer, in January 2019. Prior to his current role, he served as Vice President, Procurement Purchasing Services from October 2014 and held a variety of management positions in Europe, Asia and the US since joining Jabil in 1997. Mr. McKay holds a bachelor s from University of Strathclyde. Kristine Melachrino (age 47) was named Executive Vice President, General Counsel, in March 2025. She most recently served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel since October 2022. She joined Jabil in 2007 holding various roles in the legal department supporting the functional and business teams globally. Prior to this role, Ms. Melachrino served as Vice President, Senior Deputy General Counsel for the global Commercial legal team, advising on complex legal and regulatory matters to facilitate business growth; and Assistant Corporate Secretary. She holds a Juris Doctor from Stetson University College of Law, and an MBA from Stetson University. Mark T. Mondello (age 61) was named Chairman of Jabil s Board of Directors effective November 2021 and has been a member of the Board since March 2013. Mr. Mondello served as our Chief Executive Officer until May 2023. Mr. Mondello has retained various executive responsibilities. Mr. Mondello joined Jabil in 1992. He holds a bachelor s in Mechanical Engineering from the University of South Florida. Andrew D. Priestley (age 54) was named Executive Vice President, Global Business Units in May 2024. He most recently served as Senior Vice President, Global Business Units from April 2014. Since joining Jabil in 1996, he has held positions of increasing responsibility across the Company, including as Vice President, Global Business Units since 2012. Mr. Priestley holds an honors in Engineering with Management from the Edinburgh Napier University. Gary K. Schick (age 55) was named Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in October 2023. He most recently served as Vice President, HR Operations from October 2022. Mr. Schick has held several other positions of increasing responsibility in human resources since joining Jabil in August 2018 as a Senior Director, Human Resources. Mr. Schick holds a bachelor s in Economics from Northwestern University and a Juris Doctor from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. May Y. Yap (age 55) was named Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer in September 2020. She joined Jabil in 2014 as Vice President and CIO of Jabil Green Point. Ms. Yap holds an MBA and a master s in Computer Science from University of Hull and a doctorate in business administration and management from New York University. Additional Information Our principal executive offices are located at 10800 Roosevelt Boulevard North, St. Petersburg, Florida 33716, and our telephone number is (727) 577-9749. We were incorporated in Delaware in 1992. Our website is located at http://www.jabil.com. Through a link on the Investors section of our website, we make available our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The Investors section of our website contains a significant amount of information about our Company, including a Sustainability Report, financial and other information for investors. The information that we post on the Investors section of our website could be deemed to be material information. We encourage investors, the media and others interested in Jabil to visit our website. Information on our website, however, is not a part of this report. 10 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Business and Operational Risks Our ability to schedule production, manage capital expenditures, and maximize the efficiency of our manufacturing capacity is highly dependent on the actions of our customers, who generally do not commit to long-term production schedules and cancel orders, change production quantities, delay production, and/or change sourcing strategy. Most of our customers do not commit to firm production schedules for more than one quarter. We make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules and locations, component procurement commitments, personnel needs, and other resource requirements, based on our estimate of customer requirements. Our inability to forecast the level of customer orders with certainty makes it difficult to schedule production and maximize utilization of our manufacturing capacity and supply chain capabilities. Many factors outside of our control impact our customers and their ordering behavior, including recession in end markets, changing technology and industry standards, commercial acceptance for products and shifting market demand, product obsolescence, global pandemics, and loss of business. Customers have canceled their orders, changed production quantities or designs, delayed production, changed their sourcing strategy, and terminated their relationships with us. We cannot assure you that present or future customers will not terminate their service arrangements with us or significantly change, reduce, cancel, or delay the amount of services ordered. Such changes, delays, and cancellations have led to, and may lead in the future to, a decline in our production and our possession of excess or obsolete inventory that we may not be able to sell to customers or third parties. This has, and may again, result in write downs of inventories, reduction in the number of products that we sell, delays in payment for inventory that we purchased, and reductions in the use of our manufacturing facilities. As many of our costs and operating expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand, particularly a reduction in demand for a product that represents a significant amount of revenue, can harm our gross profit margins and results of operations. In the past, we have also been required to increase staffing and other expenses in order to meet anticipated demand. On occasion, customers have required rapid increases in production for one or more of their products or requested that we relocate our manufacturing operations or transfer manufacturing from one facility to another, which stresses our resources and may reduce operating margins. Our business at times experiences periods of rapid growth which can place considerable demands upon our management team and our operational, financial, and management information systems. Our ability to manage growth effectively requires us to continue to implement and improve these systems; avoid cost overruns; maintain customer, supplier, and other favorable business relationships during transition periods; efficiently and effectively dedicate resources to existing customers as well as new projects; acquire or construct additional facilities; occasionally transfer operations to different facilities; acquire equipment in anticipation of demand; procure materials and components; continue to develop the management skills of our managers and supervisors; adapt relatively quickly to new markets or technologies and continue to hire, train, motivate and manage our employees. Our failure to effectively manage growth, as well as our failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the actions we take to try to manage our growth, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, we sometimes experience difficulty forecasting the timing of our receipt of payment from customers. The necessary process to begin manufacturing can be lengthy. Because we make capital expenditures during this ramping-up process and do not receive payment until after we produce and ship the customer s products, any delays or unanticipated costs in the ramping-up process have, and may again have, a significant adverse effect on our cash flows and our results of operations. Servicing our largest customers may also require us to increase our capital expenditures. Because we depend on a limited number of customers, a reduction in sales to any one of those customers has and could again cause a significant decline in our revenue. We currently depend, and expect to continue to depend for the foreseeable future, upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our net revenue and upon their continued existence, growth, viability, and financial stability. See Business The Company. In some instances, particular manufacturing services we provide for a customer represent a significant portion of the overall revenue we receive from that customer. As a result of this concentration, a reduction in business from one or more of our largest customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, if one or more of our significant customers were to become insolvent or otherwise become unable to pay us on a timely basis, or at all, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 11 Table of Contents Efficient component and material purchasing is critical to our manufacturing processes and contractual arrangements. A shortage of components or an increase in price could interrupt our operations and reduce our profit, increase our inventory carrying costs, increase our risk of exposure to inventory obsolescence and cause us to purchase components of a lesser quality. Strategic and efficient component and materials purchasing is an aspect of our strategy. Inflation rates have increased and may continue to rise. Our suppliers have raised their prices and may continue to raise prices. When prices rise, they impact our margins and results of operations if we are not able to pass the increases through to our customers or otherwise offset them. Most of our significant long-term customer contracts permit quarterly or other periodic prospective adjustments to pricing based on decreases and increases in component prices and other factors; however, we could bear the risk of component price increases that occur between any such re-pricings or, if such re-pricing is not permitted, during the balance of the term of the particular customer contract. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to purchase the components and materials needed to manufacture customer products at favorable prices. Accordingly, certain component price increases could adversely affect our gross profit margins and results of operations. Some of the products we manufacture require one or more components that are only available from a single source. Some of these components are subject to supply shortages from time to time. In some cases, supply shortages will substantially curtail production of all assemblies using a particular component. A supply shortage can also increase our cost of goods sold if we have to pay higher prices for components in limited supply, or cause us to have to redesign or reconfigure products to accommodate a substitute component. In the past there have been industry wide conditions, pandemics, natural disasters and global events that have caused material and component shortages. In fiscal year 2023, our supply chain was impacted by component shortages, most notably in the semiconductor industry. Our production of a customer s product has and could again be negatively impacted by any quality, reliability or availability issues with any of our component suppliers. The financial condition of our suppliers could affect their ability to supply us with components and their ability to satisfy any warranty obligations they may have, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If a component shortage is threatened or anticipated, we have and may in the future purchase such components early to avoid a delay or interruption in our operations. Purchasing components early has, and may again cause us to incur additional inventory carrying costs and experience inventory obsolescence, both of which may not be recoverable from our customers and could adversely affect our gross profit margins and results of operations. A component shortage will require us to look to second tier vendors or to procure components through brokers. Component availability may be impacted by a supplier s decision to change part design, performance specifications, manufacturing process, manufacturing locations, and/or use of subcontractors, or by both planned and unforeseen product discontinuation. Although the impact of the Russia/Ukraine conflict on our supply chain has not been significant, some sub-tier suppliers providing raw materials such as palladium, neon gas, and high-grade aluminum are partially dependent on supply from the regions that may be impacted by the conflict. We will continue to closely monitor the supply availability and price fluctuations of these raw materials. In addition, we source some parts from certain suppliers located in Israel. Although the impact of the Russia/Ukraine conflict and conflicts in the Middle East on our supply chain has not been significant to date, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case. Price increases resulting from such shortages and/or other factors which we cannot recover from our customers may adversely impact our results of operations. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business Components Procurement. Customer relationships with emerging companies present more risks than with established companies. Customer relationships with emerging companies present special risks because we do not have an extensive product or customer relationship history. There is less demonstration of market acceptance of their products, making it harder for us to anticipate requirements as compared to established customers. Our credit risk on these customers, especially in trade accounts receivable and inventories, and the risk that these customers will be unable to fulfill indemnification obligations to us, are potentially increased. We sometimes offer these customers extended payment terms, loans, and other support and financial accommodations which increases our financial exposure and has impacted our financial results in the past. 12 Table of Contents The success of our business is dependent on our ability to keep pace with technological changes and competitive conditions in our industry and our ability to effectively adapt our services as our customers react to technological changes and competitive conditions in their respective industries. If we are unable to offer technologically advanced, cost effective, quick response manufacturing services that are differentiated from our competition (including utilization of machine learning and artificial intelligence) and adapt those services as our customers requirements change, demand for our services will decline. There are significant risks involved in our efforts to keep pace with technological developments and no assurance can be provided that the usage of such technology will enhance our business. Introducing new business models or programs requiring implementation of new competencies, such as new process technologies and our development of new products or services, has and could affect our operations and financial results. The introduction of new business models or programs requiring implementation or development of new competencies, such as new process technology within our operations and our independent development of new products or services, presents challenges in addition to opportunities. The success of new business models or programs depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, a sufficient understanding of the new business or markets, timely and successful product development (by us and/or our customer), market acceptance, our ability to manage the risks associated with new business models or programs and new product production ramp-up, the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, our development or acquisition of appropriate intellectual property, the availability of supplies in adequate quantities and at appropriate costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. Accordingly, we cannot determine in advance the ultimate result of new business models or programs. As a result, we must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our assumptions will accurately reflect customer demand. After the development of a new business model, program, product, or service, we typically must be able to manufacture appropriate volumes quickly and at low cost. To accomplish this, we endeavor to accurately forecast volumes, mixes of products and configurations; however, we do not always succeed at doing so. The addition of new customers has also introduced different demand cycles. For example, cloud-based service providers are cyclically different from our traditional customers, creating changes to our historical revenue patterns and increasing the complexity of the management of our working capital requirements. We compete with numerous other diversified manufacturing service providers, electronic manufacturing services, design providers, and others. Our business is highly competitive, and our manufacturing processes are generally not subject to significant proprietary protection. We compete against numerous domestic and foreign electronic manufacturers, manufacturing service providers, design providers, and others. The significant purchasing power and market power of these competitors, many of which are large companies, has and could increase pricing and competitive pressures for us. Most of our competitors have international operations and significant financial resources and some have substantially greater manufacturing, research and development (R D) and marketing resources. These competitors may: respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements; have technological expertise, engineering capabilities, and/or manufacturing resources that are greater than ours; have greater name recognition, critical mass, and geographic market presence; be better able to take advantage of acquisition opportunities; devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their services and execution of their strategy; be better positioned to compete on price for their services; have excess capacity, and be better able to utilize such excess capacity; have greater direct buying power from component suppliers, distributors, and raw material suppliers; have lower cost structures as a result of their geographic location or the services they provide; 13 Table of Contents be willing or able to make sales or provide services at lower margins than we do; have increased vertical capabilities, providing them greater cost savings. We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of our current and potential customers, who are continually evaluating the merits of manufacturing products internally against the advantages of outsourcing. In the past, some of our customers moved a portion of their manufacturing from us in order to more fully utilize their excess internal manufacturing capacity. The actions of competitors and current and potential customers have and could cause a decline in our sales and/or compression of our profits. Our business has and could be adversely affected by any delays, or increased costs, resulting from common carrier or transportation issues. We rely on a variety of common carriers across the globe to transport our materials from our suppliers and to our customers. Problems suffered by any of these common carriers, including natural disaster, pandemic, labor problems, increased energy prices, or criminal activity, have and could result in shipping delays for products or materials, increased costs, or other supply chain disruptions, and could therefore have a negative impact on our ability to receive products from suppliers and deliver products to customers, resulting in a material adverse effect on our operations. We may not be able to maintain our engineering, technological, and manufacturing expertise. Many of the markets for our manufacturing and engineering services are characterized by rapidly changing technology and evolving process development. The continued success of our business will depend upon our ability to: hire, retain and expand our pool of qualified engineering and technical personnel; maintain and continually improve our technological expertise; develop and market manufacturing services that meet changing customer needs; and anticipate and respond to technological changes in manufacturing processes on a cost-effective and timely basis. Although we use the assembly and testing technologies, equipment, and processes that are currently required by our customers, we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain or develop the capabilities required by our customers in the future. The emergence of new technology, industry standards, or customer requirements may render our equipment, inventory, or processes obsolete or noncompetitive. The acquisition and implementation of new technologies and equipment and the offering of new or additional services to our customers has in the past and may again in the future require significant expense or capital investment, which could reduce our operating margins and our operating results. In facilities that we newly establish or acquire, we may not be able to insert or maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing process expertise. Our failure to anticipate and adapt to our customers changing technological needs and requirements or to hire sufficient personnel to maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing expertise could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We depend on attracting and retaining officers, managers, and skilled personnel. Our success depends to a large extent upon the continued services of our officers, managers, and skilled personnel. These employees are not generally bound by employment or non-competition agreements, and we cannot assure you that we will retain them. To aid in managing our growth and strengthening our pool of management and skilled personnel, we will need to internally develop, recruit, and retain skilled management personnel. If we are not able to do so, our business and our ability to continue to grow could be harmed. We derive a substantial majority of our revenues from our international operations, which are subject to a number of different risks and often require more management time and expense than our domestic operations. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including: difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and attempting to ensure compliance with our policies, procedures, and applicable local laws; 14 Table of Contents less flexible employee relationships that can be difficult and expensive to terminate due to, among other things, labor laws and regulations; rising labor costs (including the introduction or expansion of certain social programs), in particular within the lower-cost regions in which we operate, due to, among other things, demographic changes and economic development in those regions; labor unrest and dissatisfaction, including potential labor strikes or claims; increased scrutiny by the media and other third parties of labor practices within our industry (including working conditions, compliance with employment and labor laws and compensation) which may result in allegations of violations, more stringent and burdensome labor laws, and regulations, higher labor costs, and/or loss of revenues if our customers become dissatisfied with our labor practices and diminish or terminate their relationship with us; burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, including those relating to export and import duties, domestic and foreign import and export controls, trade barriers (including tariffs and quotas), environmental policies and privacy issues, and local statutory corporate governance rules; risk of non-compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ) or similar regulations in other jurisdictions; less favorable, less predictable, or relatively undefined, intellectual property laws; lack of sufficient or available locations from which to operate or inability to renew leases on terms that are acceptable to us or at all; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws or government or judicial interpretations of such regulatory requirements and laws and adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the U.S. or any of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate; adverse changes in tax rates or accounting rules and the manner in which the U.S. and other countries tax multinational companies or interpret their tax laws or accounting rules or restrictions on the transfer of funds to us from our operations outside the U.S.; limitations on imports or exports of components or products, or other trade sanctions; political and economic instability and unsafe working conditions; geopolitical unrest, including the invasion of Ukraine, the possibility of military activity in countries near or adjacent to Ukraine, and the sanctions and other actions taken by the European Union, the United States, and other governments around the world in response; the Israel-Hamas war, attacks on shipping vessels in the Red Sea, the possibility of military activity in countries near or adjacent to Israel, and the sanctions and other actions that have or may be taken by other governments around the world in response could impact the Company although we have limited business in Israel; risk of governmental expropriation of our property; inadequate infrastructure for our operations (e.g., lack of adequate power, water, transportation, and raw materials); legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices; health concerns, epidemics, and related government actions; increased travel costs and difficulty in coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and multiple time zones; longer customer payment cycles and difficulty collecting trade accounts receivable; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; economies that are emerging or developing or that are subject to greater currency volatility, negative growth, high inflation, limited availability of foreign exchange, and other risks; higher potential for theft, misappropriation, or unauthorized access to or use of technology, data, or intellectual property; and 15 Table of Contents international trade disputes have and could result in tariffs and other protectionist measures that have and could adversely affect our business. Tariffs have and could increase the costs of the components and raw materials we use in the manufacturing process as well as import and export costs for finished products. Countries could adopt other protectionist measures that could limit our ability to manufacture products or provide services. Increased costs to our U.S. customers who use our non-U.S. manufacturing sites and components may adversely impact demand for our services and our results of operation and financial condition. Additionally, international trade disputes may cause our customers to decide to relocate the manufacturing of their products to another location, either within country, or into a new country. Relocations may require considerable management time as well as expenses related to market, personnel and facilities development before any significant revenue is generated, which may negatively affect our margin. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that all customer manufacturing needs can be met in available locations within the desired timeframe, or at all, which may cause us to lose business, which may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operation. In particular, a significant portion of our manufacturing, design, support and storage operations are conducted in our facilities in China, and revenues associated with our China operations are important to our success. Therefore, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by economic, political, legal, regulatory, competitive, infrastructure and other factors in China. International trade disputes or political differences with China have and could result in tariffs and other measures that could adversely affect the Company s business. The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement and control over economic growth. In addition, our operations in China are governed by Chinese laws, rules, and regulations, some of which are relatively new. The Chinese legal system continues to rapidly evolve, which may result in uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules, and regulations that could have a material adverse effect on our business. China experiences high turnover of direct labor in the manufacturing sector due to the intensely competitive and fluid market for labor, and the retention of adequate labor is a challenge. If our labor turnover rates are higher than we expect, or we otherwise fail to adequately manage our labor needs, then our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are also subject to risks associated with our subsidiaries organized in China. For example, regulatory and registration requirements and government approvals affect the financing that we can provide to our subsidiaries. If we fail to receive required registrations and approvals to fund our subsidiaries organized in China, or if our ability to remit currency out of China is limited, then our business and liquidity could be adversely affected. Beginning in February 2025, the U.S. implemented tariffs on a variety of countries and commodities, including, among others, tariffs on aluminum and steel derivative products, imports of certain Canadian and Mexican goods, and imports of Chinese goods, universal tariffs on imports from most countries, and reciprocal tariffs on select countries. In response, certain countries have imposed, or are considering, retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports. The global tariff landscape continues to shift rapidly, with changes impacting businesses and markets around the world. These increased tariffs have impacted and may continue to impact end, customer demand. If we are unable to fully pass on these costs, our operating results and cash flows could be adversely impacted. These factors may harm our results of operations. Also, any measures that we may implement to reduce risks of our international operations may not be effective, may increase our expenses, and may require significant management time and effort. Entry into new international markets requires considerable management time as well as start-up expenses related to market, personnel and facilities development before any significant revenue is generated. As a result, initial operations in a new market may operate at low margins or may be unprofitable. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to cause compliance with the FCPA and similar laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will not take actions in violation of our policies which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Energy price increases or shortages may negatively impact our results of operations. Certain of the components that we use in our manufacturing activities are petroleum-based. In addition, we, along with our suppliers and customers, rely on various energy sources (including oil) in our facilities and transportation activities. An increase in energy prices, which have been volatile historically, or energy shortages or restrictions could cause disruption in our operations and/or increase in our raw material costs and transportation costs. In addition, increased transportation costs of certain of our suppliers and customers could be passed along to us. We may not be able to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs. In addition, any increase in our product prices may reduce our future customer orders and profitability. 16 Table of Contents We have on occasion not achieved, and may not in the future achieve, expected profitability from our acquisitions; divestitures may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We have in the past and will continue to seek and complete acquisitions and divestitures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully integrate the operations and management of our recent acquisitions. Similarly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify future strategic acquisitions and adequately conduct due diligence, consummate these potential acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all, or if consummated, successfully integrate the operations and management of future acquisitions. Acquisitions involve significant risks, which could have a material adverse effect on us including: Financial risks, such as: (1) overpayment; (2) an increase in our expenses and working capital requirements; (3) exposure to liabilities of the acquired businesses, with contractually-based time and monetary limitations on a seller s obligation to indemnify us; (4) integration costs or failure to achieve synergy targets; (5) incurrence of additional debt; (6) valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets; (7) possible adverse tax and accounting effects; (8) the risk that we acquire manufacturing facilities and assume significant contractual and other obligations with no guaranteed levels of revenue; (9) the risk that, in the future, we may have to close or sell acquired facilities at our cost, which may include substantial employee severance costs and asset write-offs, which have resulted, and may result, in our incurring significant losses; and (10) costs associated with environmental risks including fines, remediation and clean-up. Operating risks, such as: (1) the diversion of management s attention and resources to the integration of the acquired businesses and their employees and to the management of expanding operations; (2) the risk that the acquired businesses will fail to maintain the quality of services that we have historically provided; (3) the need to implement financial and other systems and add management resources; (4) the need to maintain customer, supplier or other favorable business relationships of acquired operations and restructure or terminate unfavorable relationships; (5) the potential for deficiencies in internal controls of the acquired operations; (6) the inability to attract and retain the employees necessary to support the acquired businesses; (7) potential inexperience in a line of business that is either new to us or that has become materially more significant to us as a result of the transaction; (8) unforeseen difficulties (including any unanticipated liabilities) in the acquired operations; (9) the impact on us of any unionized work force we may acquire or any labor disruptions that might occur; (10) the possibility that the acquired business s past transactions or practices before our acquisition may lead to future commercial or regulatory risks; (11) the difficulty of presenting a unified corporate image; (12) the possibility that we will have unutilized capacity due to our acquisition activity; (13) when acquiring an operation from a customer and continuing or entering into a supply arrangement, our inability to meet the expectations of the customer as to volume, product quality, timeliness and cost reductions. Although we conduct what we believe to be a prudent level of due diligence regarding the businesses we purchase, in light of the circumstances of each transaction, an unavoidable level of risk remains regarding the actual condition of these businesses. Until we actually assume operating control of such businesses and their assets and operations, we may not be able to ascertain the actual value or understand the potential liabilities of the acquired entities and their operations. Many of our acquisitions involve operations outside of the U.S., which are subject to various risks including those described in Risk Factors We derive a substantial majority of our revenue from our international operations, which may be subject to a number of risks and often require more management time and expense than our domestic operations. We have acquired and may continue to pursue the acquisition of manufacturing and supply chain management operations from our customers (or potential customers). In these acquisitions, the divesting company will typically enter into a supply arrangement with the acquirer. Therefore, our competitors often also pursue these acquisitions. In addition, certain divesting companies may choose not to offer to sell their operations to us because of our current supply arrangements with other companies or may require terms and conditions that may impact our profitability. If we are unable to attract and consummate some of these acquisition opportunities at favorable terms, our growth and profitability could be adversely impacted. In addition, divestitures involve significant risks, including without limitation, difficulty finding financially sufficient buyers or selling on acceptable terms in a timely manner. Divestitures could adversely affect our profitability and, under certain circumstances, require us to record impairment charges or a loss as a result of the transaction. In addition, completing divestitures is costly, diverts management s attention and could leave us with certain continuing liabilities. These and other factors could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability or realize other anticipated benefits of an acquisition or divestiture and could adversely affect our business and operating results. 17 Table of Contents We face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations. In recent years, we have undertaken initiatives to restructure our business operations with the intention of improving utilization and realizing cost savings. These initiatives have included changing the number and location of our production facilities, largely to align our capacity and infrastructure with current and anticipated customer demand. The process of restructuring entails, among other activities, moving production between facilities, transferring programs from higher cost geographies to lower cost geographies, closing facilities, reducing the level of staff, realigning our business processes, and reorganizing our management. Restructurings could adversely affect us, including a decrease in employee morale, delays encountered in finalizing the scope of, and implementing, the restructurings, failure to achieve targeted cost savings, and failure to meet operational targets and customer requirements due to the restructuring process. These risks are further complicated by our extensive international operations, which subject us to different legal and regulatory requirements that govern the extent and speed of our ability to reduce our manufacturing capacity and workforce. We have and may be required to take additional charges in the future to align our operations and cost structures with global economic conditions, market demands, cost competitiveness, and our geographic footprint as it relates to our customers' production requirements or following divestitures. We have and may consolidate or divest certain manufacturing facilities or transfer certain of our operations to other geographies. If we are required to take additional restructuring charges in the future, our operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Disruptions to our information systems, including security breaches, losses of data or outages, and other security issues, have and could in the future adversely affect our operations. We rely on information systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to store, process, and transmit confidential information, including financial reporting, inventory management, procurement, invoicing, and electronic communications, belonging to our customers, our suppliers, our employees, and/or us. Any delay or disruption in the operation of these information systems could result in material adverse consequences, including disruption of operations, loss of information, and unanticipated increases in costs. We monitor and mitigate our exposure to cybersecurity issues and modify our systems when warranted, and we have implemented business continuity items including data backups at alternative sites, multi-factor authentication, regular risk assessment, and other cybersecurity safeguards. Nevertheless, these systems are vulnerable to, and at times have suffered from, among other things, damage from power loss or natural disasters, computer system and network failures, loss of telecommunication services, physical and electronic loss of data, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, cyberattacks, and security breaches, ranging from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our IT systems to sophisticated and targeted measures. These include industrial espionage attacks, data theft, malware, phishing, ransomware attacks, or other cybersecurity threats or incidents. The increased use of mobile technologies and the internet of things can heighten these and other operational risks. If we, or the third parties who own and operate certain of our information systems, are unable to prevent such breaches, losses of data, and outages, our operations could be disrupted. Also, the time and funds spent on monitoring and mitigating our exposure and responding to breaches, including the training of employees, the purchase of protective technologies and the hiring of additional employees and consultants to assist in these efforts could adversely affect our financial results. The increasing sophistication of cyberattacks requires us to continually evaluate the threat landscape and new technologies and processes intended to detect and prevent these attacks. There can be no assurance that the security measures and systems configurations we choose to implement will be sufficient to protect the data we manage. Any theft or misuse of information resulting from a security breach could result in, among other things, loss of significant and/or sensitive information, litigation by affected parties, financial obligations resulting from such theft or misuse, higher insurance premiums, governmental investigations, negative reactions from current and potential future customers (including potential negative financial ramifications under certain customer contract provisions), and poor publicity. Any of these could adversely affect our financial results. The increased use of artificial intelligence ( AI ) technologies in our services and operations may exacerbate these risks. In addition, if any of our contractors, consultants, vendors or service providers use any third-party AI-powered software or other tools in connection with our business or the services they provide to us, it may lead to the inadvertent disclosure of our confidential information through its incorporation into publicly available training sets, which may impact our ability to realize the benefit of, or adequately maintain or protect, our confidential information, harming our competitive position and business. In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex regulations intended to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and globally. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also restrict transfers of personal information among the Company and its international subsidiaries. Several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and additional jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions or have laws that are pending. These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing requirements causes the Company to incur substantial costs and has required and may in the future require the Company to change its business practices. Compliance with these regulations can be costly and any failure to comply could result in legal and reputational risks as well as penalties, fines and damages that could adversely affect our financial results. 18 Table of Contents Regulatory Risks We are subject to extensive government regulations and industry standards and the terms of complex contracts; a failure to comply with current and future regulations and standards, or the terms of our contractual arrangements, could have an adverse effect on our business, customer relationships, reputation, and profitability. We are subject to extensive government regulation and industry standards relating to the products we design and manufacture as well as how we conduct our business, including regulations and standards relating to labor and employment practices, workplace health and safety, the environment, sourcing and import/export practices, the market sectors we support, privacy and data protection, the regulations that apply to government contracts, machine learning, and artificial intelligence, and many other facets of our operations. The regulatory climate in the U.S. and other countries has become increasingly complex and fragmented, and regulatory activity has increased in recent periods. Failure or noncompliance with such regulations or standards could have an adverse effect on our reputation, customer relationships, profitability, and results of operations. In addition, we regularly enter into a large number of complex contractual arrangements as well as operate pursuant to the terms of a significant number of ongoing intricate contractual arrangements. Our failure or our customers failure to comply with the terms of such arrangements could expose us to claims or other demands and could have an adverse effect on our reputation, customer relationships, profitability, and results of operations. If we manufacture products containing design or manufacturing defects, demand for our services may decline, our reputation may be damaged, and we may be subject to liability claims. Our customers products and the manufacturing processes and design services that we use to produce them often are highly complex. Defects in the products we manufacture or design, whether caused by a design, manufacturing or component failure or error, or deficiencies in our manufacturing processes, have occurred and may result in delayed shipments to customers or reduced or canceled customer orders. If these defects or deficiencies are significant, our business reputation may also be damaged. The failure of the products that we manufacture or of our manufacturing processes or facilities may subject us to regulatory enforcement, fines, or penalties and, in some cases, require us to shut down, temporarily halt operations or incur considerable expense to correct a manufacturing process or facility. In addition, these defects have resulted in, and may in the future result in, liability claims against us, expose us to liability to pay for the recall or remanufacture of a product, or adversely affect product sales or our reputation. Even if our customers are responsible for the defects or defective specifications, they may not, or may not have resources to, assume responsibility for any costs or liabilities arising from these defects, which could expose us to additional liability claims. Any of these actions could increase our expenses, reduce our revenue or damage our reputation as a supplier to these customers. We may face heightened liability risks specific to our medical device business as a result of additional healthcare regulatory related compliance requirements and the potential severe consequences (e.g., death or serious injury) that could result from manufacturing defects or malfunctions of the medical devices we manufacture or design. As a service provider engaged in the business of designing and manufacturing medical devices for our customers, we have compliance requirements in addition to those relating to other industries we serve within our business. We are required to register with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA s Quality System Regulation ( QSR ), including current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs). This regulation establishes requirements for manufacturers of medical devices to implement design and process manufacturing controls, quality control, labeling, handling, and documentation procedures. The FDA, through periodic inspections and post-market surveillance, continuously and rigorously monitors compliance with these QSR requirements and other applicable regulatory requirements. If any FDA inspection reveals noncompliance, and we do not address the FDA s concerns to its satisfaction, the FDA may elect to take enforcement action against us, including issuing inspection observations or a notice of violation or a warning letter, imposing fines, bringing an action against the Company and its officers, requiring a recall of the products we manufactured, issuing an import detention on products entering the U.S. from an offshore facility, or temporarily halting operations at or shutting down a manufacturing facility. 19 Table of Contents Beyond the FDA, our medical device business is also subject to applicable state and foreign regulatory requirements. Within the European Union ( EU ), we are required to fulfill certain internationally recognized standards and must undergo periodic inspections to obtain and maintain certifications to these standards. Continued noncompliance to the EU regulations could stop the flow of products into the EU from us or from our customers. In China, the National Medical Products Administration controls and regulates the manufacture and commerce of healthcare products. We must comply with the regulatory laws applicable to medical device manufacturers, or our ability to manufacture products in China could be impacted. In Japan, the Pharmaceutical Affairs Laws regulate the manufacture and commerce of healthcare products. These regulations also require that subcontractors manufacturing products intended for sale in Japan register with authorities and submit to regulatory audits. Other foreign countries where we operate have similar laws regarding the regulation of medical device manufacturing. In the event of any noncompliance with these requirements, interruption of our operations and/or ability to allow commerce in these markets could occur, which in turn could cause our reputation and business to suffer. Compliance or the failure to comply with current and future environmental, health and safety, product stewardship, and producer responsibility laws or regulations could cause us significant expense. We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health and safety, product stewardship, and producer responsibility laws and regulations, including those arising from global pandemics or relating to the use, generation, storage, discharge, and disposal of hazardous chemicals used during our manufacturing process, those governing worker health and safety, those requiring design changes, supply chain investigation or conformity assessments, and those relating to the recycling or reuse of products we manufacture. If we fail to comply with any present or future regulations or timely obtain any needed permits, we could become subject to liabilities, and we could face fines or penalties, the suspension of production, or prohibitions on sales of products we manufacture. In addition, such regulations could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or could require us to acquire costly equipment, or to incur other significant expenses, including expenses associated with the recall of any non-compliant product or with changes in our operational, procurement, and inventory management activities. Certain environmental laws impose liability for the costs of investigation, removal, and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on an owner, occupier, or operator of real estate, or on parties who arranged for hazardous substance treatment or disposal, even if such person or company was unaware of, or not responsible for, contamination at the affected site. Soil and groundwater contamination may have occurred at or near, or may have arisen from, some of our facilities. From time to time we investigate, remediate, and monitor soil and groundwater contamination at certain of our operating sites. In certain instances where contamination existed prior to our ownership or occupation of a site, landlords or former owners have retained some contractual responsibility for contamination and remediation. However, failure of such persons to perform those obligations could result in us being required to address such contamination. As a result, we may incur clean-up costs in such potential removal or remediation efforts. In other instances, we may be responsible for clean-up costs and other liabilities, including the possibility of claims due to health risks by both employees and non-employees, as well as other third-party claims in connection with contaminated sites. In addition, there is an increasing governmental focus around the world on global warming and environmental impact issues, which has resulted in new environmental, health, and safety regulations that may affect us, our suppliers, and our customers. This could cause us to incur additional direct costs for compliance, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers, or both, incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. These costs may adversely impact our operations and financial condition. We have limited insurance coverage for potential environmental liabilities associated with current operations, and we do not anticipate increasing such coverage in the future. We are subject to litigation and proceedings, which may result in substantial expenses, settlement costs, or judgments; require the time and attention of key management resources; and result in adverse publicity, any of which may negatively impact our financial performance. We are party to various legal actions incidental to our business, as plaintiff or defendant, as well as various other claims, suits, investigations, and legal or governmental proceedings. Regardless of the merits of the claims, litigation or governmental proceedings may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our business. The defense and ultimate outcome of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings may result in higher expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We cannot predict the final outcome of such lawsuits or proceedings or the likelihood that other proceedings will be initiated against us. Accordingly, the cost of defending against such lawsuits or proceedings, or any future lawsuits or proceedings, may be high and, in any event, these legal proceedings may result in the diversion of our management's time and attention away from our business. In the event that there is an adverse ruling in any legal proceeding, 20 Table of Contents we may be required to make payments to third parties that could be in excess of any amounts accrued and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Our operations result in exposure to intellectual property claims. Our operations expose us to intellectual property rights claims from third parties, some of whom may hold key intellectual property rights in areas in which we operate. Intellectual property clearance or licensing efforts or activities, if any, may be inadequate to anticipate and avoid intellectual property claims. Our customers or suppliers, or their customers or suppliers, could also become subject to intellectual property claims. Even though many, but not all, of our contracts require others to indemnify Jabil for intellectual property claims relating to their products, designs, or technology, any such party may not, or may not have the resources to, assume responsibility for such claims. We may be responsible for claims that our services, designs, technologies, products, or components, equipment, or processes we supply or use, infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate third party intellectual property rights. Providing turnkey design solutions, designs, technologies, products, and other services may expose us to different or greater potential liabilities than those we face providing traditional manufacturing services. These liabilities may include an increase in exposure to claims that products we design or supply, or processes, materials, or components we use, infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate third-party intellectual property rights. Customers for our products and services in which we provide significant design or technology contributions sometimes require that we indemnify them against risk of intellectual property claims. If any intellectual property claims are brought, regardless of their merits, we could be required to expend significant resources in the defense or settlement of such claims, or in the defense or settlement of related indemnification claims. Intellectual property rights claims could subject us to significant liability for damages, potential injunctive action, or hamper our normal operations such as by interfering with the availability of components or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. In the event of such a claim, we may spend significant amounts of money and effort to develop non-infringing alternatives or obtain and maintain licenses. We may not be successful in developing such alternatives or obtaining and maintaining such licenses on reasonable terms or at all. We, or suppliers or customers, may be required to or decide to discontinue products or services, and such discontinuance may result in a significant decrease in our business and/or could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. These risks may be heightened in connection with our customer relationships with emerging companies. The success of certain aspects of our business depends in part on our ability to obtain, protect, and leverage intellectual property rights. In certain circumstances, we strive to obtain and protect certain intellectual property rights related to solutions, designs, processes, and products that we create. We believe that obtaining a significant level of 