=== CAH_2025-08-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A "Risk Factors" for the risk factor entitled "Our sales and credit concentration is significant." Suppliers We rely on many different suppliers. During fiscal 2025, revenue resulting from sales of products obtained from our five largest suppliers accounted for an aggregate of 37 percent of our revenue and our largest supplier s products accounted for approximately 9 percent of revenue. Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment in the distribution of pharmaceuticals and consumer healthcare products. We also operate in a highly competitive environment in the manufacturing and distribution of medical devices and surgical products. We compete on many levels, including price, service offerings, support services, customer service, breadth of product lines, and product quality and efficacy. In the Pharma segment, we compete with wholesale distributors with national reach, including McKesson Corporation and Cencora, Inc., regional wholesale distributors, self-warehousing chains, specialty distributors, third-party logistics companies, and companies that provide specialty pharmaceutical services and managed services to specialty physicians, among others. In addition, the Pharma segment has experienced competition from a number of organizations offering generic pharmaceuticals, including telemarketers. We also compete with manufacturers that distribute their products directly to customers. In the GMPD segment, we compete with many diversified healthcare companies and national medical product distributors, such as Medline Industries, Inc. and Owens Minor, Inc., as well as regional medical product distributors and companies that are focused on specific product categories. Our other operating segments compete with companies that operate nuclear radiopharmacies and manufacturing facilities, distribute medical products to patients' homes, and third-party logistics companies. Additionally, we compete with other service providers, customers, and potential customers of our businesses, which may from time to time develop, for their own internal needs, supply management capabilities that may otherwise be provided by us. Across all areas, key competitive factors include price, quality of service, and breadth of product lines. Human Capital Management Employees Through our employees, we improve the lives of people every day by solving complex healthcare problems. As of June 30, 2025, we had approximately 57,700 employees globally, of which approximately: 18,500 are based outside the United States; 92% are full time employees; 35,000 worked in our distribution centers, manufacturing facilities, pharmacies, or were non-provider employees of our MSO platforms; 21,000 worked in other functions, including finance, information technology, human resources, and sales; 1,900 are healthcare providers, including physicians, nurse anesthetists, and Advance Level Providers; and 6% are covered by collective bargaining agreements or similar representation. The majority of these employees are based outside the United States. Additionally, we have engaged global professional services firms to perform certain business processes on our behalf, including within finance, information technology, and human resources. Board Oversight Our Board of Directors assesses and monitors our corporate culture and how it promotes our business strategies. To inform the Board about human capital and cultural health, we have developed and annually share with the Board a culture scorecard. 28 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Business Additionally, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the HRCC ) is tasked with, among other things, overseeing and advising the Board about our human capital management strategies and policies, including with respect to attracting, developing, retaining, and motivating management and other employees; employee relations and engagement; and workplace safety and culture. The HRCC is also responsible for overseeing the management succession planning process for senior executives. Culture Talent Focus Culture Cardinal Health s culture is rooted in our values and behaviors and aligned to the company s strategic framework. Providing a positive work environment supports our ability to attract, retain, and develop our employees and helps to promote our business performance. We reinforce, monitor, and assess our culture through a variety of programs and processes which include performance management, talent and succession planning, as well as employee engagement surveys and other listening strategies. Talent Management and Learning Cardinal Health s talent management strategy has a multi-pronged approach to build capabilities, skills, and competencies of leaders and employees throughout the enterprise, ensuring employees capabilities connect to business needs and outcomes. This approach includes broad based employee skill development and learning and manager development. We monitor our turnover data on a monthly and rolling 12-month basis and benchmark against Bureau of Labor Statistics and competitor data. Although turnover levels vary by site and region, we primarily look at the connection between key operational metrics and employee turnover. Compensation and Benefits Our employees are essential to our success and we strive to offer comprehensive and competitive wages and benefits. The benefits we offer include annual bonuses and stock awards for eligible employees, 401(k) plans, health care and insurance benefits, paid time off, flexible work schedules, family leave, dependent care resources, employee assistance programs, and many others. Employee Feedback Cardinal Health solicits feedback from employees through various mechanisms, including our full employee engagement survey, which provides insight into the employee experience. The results of this survey are reviewed with the Board of Directors and at all levels throughout the organization. Worker Health Safety The health, safety, and security of our employees and contractors is a priority for us. We employ systems designed to continually monitor our facilities and work environment to promote worker safety and identify and prevent or mitigate any potential risks. This includes procedures and equipment for security. We routinely assess facilities to closely monitor adherence to established security and safety standards. Our workers receive specialized training related to their role, work setting, and equipment used in their work environment. As our processes evolve, we update relevant safety training modules, which may include new training programs. More Information For more information on our approach to human capital management, please refer to our annual Environmental, Social Governance Report, which is available on our website. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws, nondisclosure, and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our products, services, and intangible assets. We hold patents, and continue to pursue patent protection throughout the world, relating to the manufacture, operation, and use of various medical and surgical products, to certain distribution and logistics systems, to the production and distribution of our nuclear pharmacy products, and to other service offerings. We also operate under licenses for certain proprietary technologies, and in certain instances we license our technologies to third parties. We believe that we have taken necessary steps to protect our proprietary rights, but no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully enforce or protect our rights in the event that they are infringed upon by a third party. While these proprietary rights are important to our operations, we do not consider any particular patent, trademark, license, franchise, or concession to be material to our overall business. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 29 Business Regulatory Matters Our business is highly regulated in the United States, at both the federal and state level, and in foreign countries. Depending upon the specific business, we may be subject to regulation by government entities including: the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA ); certain agencies within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the Office of Inspector General, and the Office for Civil Rights; state and local health departments, insurance departments, Medicaid departments, or other comparable state agencies; state and local boards of pharmacy and other controlled substance authorities; the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (the NRC ); the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and state environmental authorities; the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"); U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and agencies comparable to those listed above in markets outside the United States. These regulatory agencies have a variety of civil, administrative, and criminal sanctions at their disposal for failure to comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements. They can suspend our ability to manufacture and distribute products, restrict our ability to import products, require us to initiate product recalls, seize products, or impose criminal, civil, and administrative sanctions. Distribution State Boards of Pharmacy, FDA, DEA, and various other state authorities regulate the marketing, purchase, storage, and distribution of pharmaceutical and medical products under various federal and state statutes including the federal Prescription Drug Marketing Act of 1987, Drug Quality and Security Act of 2013 (the DQSA ) and Controlled Substances Act (the "CSA"). The CSA governs the sale, packaging, storage, and distribution of controlled substances. Wholesale distributors of controlled substances must hold valid DEA registrations and state-level licenses, meet various security and operating standards including effective anti-diversion programs and comply with the CSA. They must also comply with state requirements relating to controlled substances that differ from state to state. The NOSA, as described in Note 8 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" includes injunctive relief terms related to settling distributors' controlled substance anti-diversion programs, including with respect to: (1) governance; (2) independence and training of the personnel operating our controlled substances monitoring program; (3) due diligence for new and existing customers; (4) ordering limits for certain products; and (5) suspicious order monitoring. A monitor will oversee compliance with these provisions for five years from entry into the NOSA, until 2027. In addition, the settling distributors have engaged a third-party vendor to act as a clearinghouse for data aggregation and reporting and will fund the clearinghouse, until 2032. See Note 8 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for more information about the NOSA and other opioid-related matters. Manufacturing, Sourcing, and Marketing We sell our manufactured products in the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia, Latin America, and other markets. The FDA and other governmental agencies in the United States, as well as foreign governmental agencies, administer requirements that cover the design, testing, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing (including good manufacturing practices), quality systems, labeling, promotion and advertising (including restrictions on promoting or advertising a product other than for the product's cleared or approved uses), distribution, importation, and post-market surveillance for most of our manufactured products. We are also subject to these requirements when we source certain GMPD segment products from third-party manufacturers. We need specific approval or clearance from, and registrations with, regulatory authorities before we can market and sell some products in the United States and certain other countries, including countries in the European Union ("EU"). In the United States, authorization to commercially market a medical device is generally received in one of two ways. The first, known as pre-market notification or the 510(k) process, requires us to demonstrate that a medical device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed medical device. The second more rigorous process, known as pre-market approval ( PMA ), requires us to independently demonstrate that a medical device is safe and effective. Many of our Medical segment branded products are cleared through the 510(k) process and certain products must be approved through the PMA process. In the EU, we are required to obtain CE Mark Certification in order to market medical devices. In 2017, EU regulatory bodies finalized a new Medical Device Regulation ("MDR") became effective in May 2021. Under the MDR, medical devices marketed in the EU require significant pre-market and post-market requirements. It can be costly and time-consuming to obtain regulatory approvals, clearances, and registrations of medical devices, and they might not be granted on a timely basis, if at all. For additional information, please see our Risk Factor entitled "Our business is subject to rigorous regulatory and licensing requirements." Privacy and Data Protection We are subject to various and evolving privacy laws and regulations in many jurisdictions. Because we collect, handle, and maintain patient-identifiable health information, we are subject to laws that require specified privacy and security measures and that regulate the use and disclosure of such information, including the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), as augmented by the Health Information Technology for 30 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Business Economic and Clinical Health Act as well as state laws, in the United States. We also collect, handle, and maintain other personal and financial information. Within the U.S., these activities are regulated by certain federal and state laws. Certain states have recently enacted privacy laws that grant specified rights to consumers over the use of their personal information, including increased transparency. Other states are considering adopting similar or different comprehensive privacy laws and comprehensive privacy legislation has been proposed at the U.S. federal level. Internationally, we are also subject to privacy and data protection laws that require significant compliance efforts, including the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Canada's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information, and China's Personal Information Protection Law, among many others. Nuclear Pharmacies and Related Businesses Our nuclear pharmacies and radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facilities (including for Xofigo ) require licenses or permits and must abide by regulations issued by the NRC, applicable state boards of pharmacy and the radiologic health agency or department of health of each state in which we operate, including pharmacy sterile compounding standards and practices. In addition, our radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facilities also must comply with FDA regulations, including good manufacturing practices. Product Tracing and Supply Chain Integrity Title II of the DQSA, known as the Drug Supply Chain Security Act ("DSCSA") or "Track and Trace" established a national system for tracing prescription drug products through the pharmaceutical distribution supply chain to detect, prevent, and rapidly respond to the introduction of drugs that may be counterfeit, diverted, stolen, adulterated, subject of a fraudulent transaction, or otherwise unfit for distribution. The DSCSA requires standardized, unit-level traceability of pharmaceutical products and requires all trading partners to cooperate in a secure, electronic, interoperable prescription drug traceability system. In October, 2024, the FDA extended the compliance deadlines for the DSCSA sterilization traceability requirements to May 27, 2025, for manufacturers, August 27, 2025, for distributors, and November 27, 2025, for dispensers. In addition, the FDA has also has issued regulations requiring most medical device labeling to include a unique device identifier that can be used to identify and track medical devices throughout their lifecycles, improving traceability and facilitating improved post-market surveillance through the Medical Device Reporting Program. Government Healthcare Programs We are subject to U.S. federal healthcare fraud and abuse laws. These laws generally prohibit persons from soliciting, offering, receiving, or paying any compensation in order to induce someone to order, recommend, or purchase products or services that are in any way paid for by Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally-funded healthcare programs. They also prohibit submitting any fraudulent claim for payment by the federal government. There are similar state healthcare fraud and abuse laws that apply to Medicaid and other state-funded healthcare programs. Violations of these laws may result in criminal or civil penalties, as well as breach of contract claims and qui tam actions (false claims cases initiated by private parties purporting to act on behalf of federal or state governments). Some of our businesses and entities that are managed by our MSO businesses are Medicare-certified suppliers or participate in other federal and state healthcare programs, such as state Medicaid programs and the federal 340B drug pricing program. These businesses are subject to accreditation and quality standards and other rules and regulations, including applicable reporting, billing, payment, and record-keeping requirements. Other businesses within each segment manufacture pharmaceutical or medical products or repackage pharmaceuticals that are purchased or reimbursed through, or are otherwise governed by, federal or state healthcare programs. Failure to comply with applicable eligibility requirements, standards, and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the loss of our ability to participate in Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal and state healthcare programs. In fiscal year 2022, our Specialty Pharmaceutical Distribution business entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services in connection with an investigation into discounts and rebates offered or provided to certain Specialty customers. Our U.S. federal and state government contracts are subject to specific procurement requirements. Failure to comply with applicable rules or regulations or with contractual or other requirements may result in monetary damages and criminal or civil penalties as well as termination of our government contracts or our suspension or debarment from government contract work. Environmental, Health, and Safety Laws In the United States and other countries, we are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental laws, including laws regulating the production or use of hazardous substances, as well as laws relating to safe working conditions and laboratory practices. Additionally, industry participants, including us, rely on ethylene oxide ("EtO") and other compounds to sterilize certain medical products that we manufacture or distribute. Regulatory actions have been taken by certain environmental regulatory authorities to reduce EtO emissions during the sterilization and distribution process, including actions intended to regulate facilities that sterilize medical products. Antitrust Laws The U.S. federal government, most U.S. states and many foreign countries have laws that prohibit certain types of conduct deemed to be anti-competitive. Violations of these laws can result in various sanctions, including criminal and civil penalties. Private plaintiffs also could bring civil lawsuits against us in the United States for alleged antitrust law violations, including claims for treble damages. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 31 Business Laws Relating to Foreign Trade and Operations U.S. and foreign laws require us to abide by standards relating to the import and export of finished goods, raw materials and supplies, and the handling of information. We also must comply with various export control and trade embargo laws, which may require licenses or other authorizations for transactions within some countries or with some counterparties. Similarly, we are subject to U.S. and foreign laws concerning the conduct of our foreign operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other foreign anti-bribery laws. Among other things, these laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from offering, promising, or making payments to officials of foreign governments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Other Information Certain Commercial Practices Although our agreements with manufacturers sometimes require us to maintain inventory levels within specified ranges, our distribution businesses are generally not required by our customers to maintain particular inventory levels other than as needed to meet service level requirements. Certain customer contracts require us to maintain sufficient inventory to meet emergency demands, but we do not believe those requirements materially affect inventory levels. Our customer return policies generally require that the product be physically returned, subject to restocking fees. We only allow customers to return product for credit that can be added back to inventory and resold at full value, or that can be returned to vendors for credit. We offer market payment terms to our customers. Rule 10b5-1 Plan Adoptions and Modifications During the quarter ended June 30, 2025, no director or officer adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule10b5-1 trading arrangement" as each term is defined in Section 408(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 32 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Risk Factors Risk Factors The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, or cash flows. These are not the only risks we face. Our businesses also could be affected by risks we do not currently consider material to our operations or of which we are not presently aware. Legal, Regulatory, Compliance Risks Our business is subject to rigorous regulatory and licensing requirements. As described in the "Business" section, products that we manufacture, source, distribute, or market must comply with U.S. federal, state, and foreign and regulatory requirements. Noncompliance or concerns over noncompliance, including noncompliance by suppliers, has in the past, and may in the future result in suspension of our ability to distribute, import, manufacture, or source products, recalls, safety alerts or seizures, or criminal or civil sanctions, which, in turn, could result in product liability claims and lawsuits, including class actions. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements, or if allegations are made that we fail to comply, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. To lawfully operate our businesses, we are required to obtain and hold permits, product registrations, licenses and other regulatory approvals from, and to comply with operating and security standards of, numerous governmental bodies. Failure to maintain or renew necessary permits, product registrations, licenses, or approvals, or to comply with required standards, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We are required to comply with laws relating to healthcare fraud and abuse. The requirements of these laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. From time to time, regulatory authorities investigate our policies or practices, and may challenge them. For example, in November 2023, we received a Civil Investigative Demand ("CID") from the Department of Justice focused on potential violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute and False Claims Act in connection with a 2022 transaction in which we purchased a group purchasing organization and a minority ownership interest in a rheumatology managed services organization. We are cooperating with this investigation. We are also periodically subject to federal or state government investigations or qui tam actions (false claims cases initiated by private parties purporting to act on behalf of federal or state governments), which could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the loss of licenses or the ability to participate in Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal and state healthcare programs or other remedial measures. Some of our businesses are Medicare-certified suppliers or participate in other federal and state healthcare programs, such as state Medicaid programs and the federal 340B drug pricing program. In addition, some businesses manufacture pharmaceutical or medical products or repackage pharmaceuticals that are purchased or reimbursed through, or are otherwise governed by, federal or state healthcare programs. Failure to comply with applicable eligibility requirements, standards, and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the loss of our ability to participate in Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal and state healthcare programs. We, and third parties acting on our behalf, collect, handle, and maintain patient-identifiable health information and other sensitive personal and financial information which are subject to federal, state, and foreign laws that regulate the use and disclosure of such information. Regulations currently in place continue to evolve, and they are extensive and complex. Compliance with these laws is difficult and costly. New laws in this area could further restrict our ability to collect, handle, and maintain personal or patient information, or could require us to incur additional compliance costs, either of which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. From time to time, we have become aware of certain isolated alleged violations of federal, state, or foreign laws concerning privacy and data protection. When we become aware of such allegations, we investigate and, if warranted, notify affected people, entities, and regulatory bodies. As a result of these violations, we are, and may in the future be, subject to civil or criminal penalties, breach of contract claims, lawsuits, costs for remediation, and harm to our reputation. Industry participants, including us, rely on ethylene oxide ( EtO ) and per- and polyfluoroalkyl ( PFA ) compounds to sterilize certain medical products, including products that we manufacture or distribute. Regulatory enforcement actions have been taken by certain environmental regulatory authorities to reduce emissions of these compounds during the sterilization and distribution process. If such measures become more widespread, we could experience increased costs to comply with reduced emissions standards and it is possible that we and other industry participants may be unable to effectively sterilize medical products, possibly resulting in supply shortages or an industry-wide reduction in surgical or medical procedures, which would negatively impact demand for our products. Such increased costs or industry-wide reductions in surgical and medical procedures would have a negative impact on our profit. Additionally, we have been named as a defendant in several lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of EtO emissions. Additionally, we have incurred, and may incur additional costs associated with modifying certain manufacturing, distribution, or replenishment facilities in accordance with state environmental regulators' actions or requirements. It is possible that these or future regulatory actions or lawsuits could adversely impact our ability to procure products to distribute, resulting in increased costs or industry supply disruptions. Our government contracts are subject to specific procurement requirements. Failure to comply with applicable rules or regulations or with contractual or other requirements may result in monetary damages and criminal or civil penalties as well as termination of Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 33 Risk Factors our government contracts or our suspension or debarment from government contract work. Our global operations (including transition services in connection with divestitures) are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions, and U.S. and foreign export control, trade embargo, and customs laws. If we fail to comply, or are alleged to fail to comply, with any of these laws, we could be subject to investigations or suffer civil or criminal sanctions. Product quality issues could adversely affect operations, profitability, cash flows, and our financial condition. As described in the "Business" section, products that we manufacture, source, distribute, or market must comply with rigorous quality requirements. These requirements include, among others, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, labeling, advertising, and post marketing reporting, including adverse event reports and field alerts and actions. Several of our facilities and procedures and those of our suppliers are subject to ongoing regulation and periodic inspection by the FDA and other authorities. Our products may not remain in compliance with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements. Actions resulting from non-compliance with FDA and other regulations include fines, warning letters, injunctions, civil penalties, damages, recalls, consent decrees, seizures of products, and civil litigation and/or criminal prosecution. For example, following a facility inspection in December 2023, the FDA issued a warning letter to Cardinal Health in April 2024 related to plastic syringes sourced from a third party manufacturer in China asserting these products did not have appropriate 510(k) clearance and restating some of the observations from the December 2023 inspection. We promptly took action on these products and submitted a timely and comprehensive response to the warning letter describing our investigation and corrective actions, and we continue to cooperate with the FDA on this matter. Noncompliance or concerns over noncompliance, including by suppliers, as a result of use of third party manufactures, or planned shifts in production sites, has in the past, and may in the future result in substantial modifications to our business practices and operations. These modifications can include suspension of our ability to import and distribute, refunds, or recalls, total or partial shutdown of production in one or more facilities while we or our suppliers remedy any actual or potential issues, the inability to obtain future pre-market approvals or marketing authorizations, and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. In addition, it can be costly and time-consuming to obtain regulatory approvals or product registrations to market a medical device or other product, and such approvals or registrations might not be granted on a timely basis, if at all. Any of these supply chain and quality-related events could be disruptive to our business and have a material adverse effect on operations, profitability, cash flows, and our financial condition. We could be subject to adverse changes in the tax laws or challenges to our tax positions. We are a large multinational corporation with operations in the United States and many foreign countries. As a result, we are subject to the tax laws of many jurisdictions. From time to time, proposals are made in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate that could adversely affect our tax positions, effective tax rate, or tax payments. Additionally, changes in tax laws or regulatory enforcement priorities may impact our tax position. For example, in July 2025, the OBBBA was signed into law and includes a broad range of tax reform provisions, which, among other things, extend or make permanent certain business and international tax measures initially established under the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act"), which were set to expire, and reinstates 100% bonus depreciation. Specific initiatives that may impact us include possible increases in U.S. or foreign corporate income tax rates or other changes in tax law to raise revenue, the repeal of the LIFO (last-in, first-out) method of inventory accounting for income tax purposes, the establishment or increase in taxation at the U.S. state level on the basis of gross revenues, recommendations of the base erosion and profit shifting project undertaken by the Organization for Economic Cooperation, and Development and the European Commission s investigation into illegal state aid. Additionally, in connection with the accruals taken in connection with opioid-related lawsuits in fiscal year 2021, we recorded a net tax benefit, reflecting our then-current assessment of the estimated future deductibility of the amount that may be paid. We have made reasonable estimates and recorded amounts based on management's judgment and our current understanding of the Tax Act; however, the tax law governing deductibility was changed by the Tax Act, and these estimates require significant judgment and it is possible that they could be subject to challenges by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). We also regularly review these estimates and assumptions from time to time and adjust our accruals based on our review, resulting in changes in our tax provisions/(benefit). The actual amount of tax benefit related to uncertain tax positions may differ materially from these estimates. See Note 9 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for more information regarding these matters. In fiscal year 2021, our provision for income taxes reflected a $424 million benefit from the tax benefits of a self-insurance pre-tax net operating loss carryback under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security ("CARES") Act. Also, as a result of this net operating loss carryback, we received a U.S. federal income tax refund of $966 million. This fiscal year is being audited by the IRS, and it is possible that the IRS could challenge our tax position with respect to this self-insurance loss. If they do, our effective tax rate or cash flows could be adversely impacted. Additionally, laws governing insurance coverage vary by state and some state courts have interpreted laws and insurance policies in ways that may impact our self-insurance loss, which could negatively impact our financial position. 34 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Risk Factors We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions, and various foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. With few exceptions, we are subject to audit by taxing authorities for fiscal years 2015 through the current fiscal year, including specific inquiries into a restructuring in connection with integrating the July 2017 acquisition of the Patient Recovery business and the net operating loss carryback described above. Proposed adjustments in ongoing audits may adversely affect our effective tax rate or tax payments. Changes to the U.S. healthcare environment may not be favorable to us. Over a number of years, the U.S. healthcare industry has undergone significant changes designed to increase access to medical care, improve safety and patient outcomes, contain costs, and increase efficiencies. These changes include a general decline in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement levels, efforts by healthcare insurance companies to limit or reduce payments to pharmacies and providers, the basis for payments beginning to transition from a fee-for-service model to value-based payments and risk-sharing models, and the industry shifting away from traditional healthcare venues like hospitals and into clinics, physician offices, and patients homes. We expect the U.S. healthcare industry to continue to change significantly in the future. Possible changes include changes in legislation or regulations governing prescription pharmaceutical pricing, healthcare services, U.S.-based medical product manufacturing, mandated benefits, efforts to promote increased transparency in the pharmaceutical supply chain, drug shortages, further reduction of or limitations on governmental funding at the state or federal level, or efforts by healthcare insurance companies to further limit payments for products and services. Federal, state, and local governmental entities have also continued to increase their scrutiny of the U.S. healthcare market. Uncertainty surrounding possible changes to the healthcare environment, including changes to regulatory enforcement priorities, may directly or indirectly adversely affect us. The recently issued Executive Order titled "Delivering Most-Favored Nation Prescription Drug Pricing to American Patients" may impact the sales or profitability of branded pharmaceutical products; however, the extent of the impact may vary depending on the timeline for implementation and the number of pharmaceutical drugs that are impacted. Additionally, it is possible that the adoption of the OBBBA could reduce participation in Medicare and Medicaid programs, resulting in a change in utilization of the healthcare system. This may adversely affect demand for our products and services and could have an effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Private challenges to government healthcare policy may also have an adverse impact on our business. For example, the federal 340B drug pricing program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to offer discounts on certain drugs purchased by covered entities, and some of our Pharma segment customers are covered entities or contract pharmacies for covered entities. Over a dozen pharmaceutical manufacturers have unilaterally restricted sales under the 340B drug pricing program to contract pharmacies. These practices are the subject of ongoing litigation; however, if manufacturers continue this practice and if courts uphold this practice, our customers may be adversely impacted, which could adversely impact our business. Opioid-related legal proceedings and the NOSA we have entered into could have additional or unexpected negative effects on our results of operations or business . Cardinal Health, along with other pharmaceutical wholesalers and other participants in the pharmaceutical supply chain, was named as a defendant in lawsuits related to the distribution of opioid pain medications. Plaintiffs in these lawsuits included state attorneys general, counties, and municipalities. In April 2022, an agreement settling the vast majority of opioid-related lawsuits filed against us by state and local governmental entities became effective. It includes injunctive relief terms relating to distributors' controlled substance anti-diversion programs, with which we must comply. It is possible that the maintenance of the required changes to distributors' controlled substance anti-diversion programs may result in unforeseen costs or operational challenges which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations or performance. If we are unable to comply with these requirements, or are alleged to have failed to comply with these requirements, we could incur unforeseen costs or penalties, and our financial results may be negatively impacted. We are also being sued by private plaintiffs, such as unions, other health and welfare funds, other healthcare providers, and individuals alleging personal injury for the same activities, and could be named as a defendant in additional lawsuits. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves against these lawsuits; however, legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and it is possible that these lawsuits, either individually or in the aggregate, could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We are involved in legal proceedings with insurers related to the availability of insurance coverage for some matters described above and our ability to recover losses from our insurers is uncertain. Additionally, laws governing insurance coverage vary by state and some state courts have interpreted laws and insurance policies in ways that may negatively impact our ability to receive indemnification under our insurance policies. Ongoing unfavorable publicity regarding the abuse or misuse of prescription opioid pain medications and the role of wholesale distributors in the supply chain of such prescription medications could continue to have an adverse effect on our reputation or results of operations. The outcome or resolution of certain legal proceedings could adversely impact our cash flows or results of operations. Due to the nature of our business, which includes the distribution of controlled substances and other pharmaceutical products and the sourcing, marketing, and manufacturing of medical products, we regularly become involved in disputes, litigation, and regulatory matters. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, disruptive, and time consuming and the unfavorable outcome of legal proceedings Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 35 Risk Factors could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, some of the products that we distribute or manufacture have been and may in the future be alleged to cause personal injury, subjecting us to product liability claims. For example, since July 2021, we have entered into settlement agreements to settle the vast majority of product liability claims alleging personal injuries associated with the use of Cordis OptEase and TrapEase IVC filter products. Future settlements of or judgments for product liability claims may not be covered by insurance or exceed available insurance recoveries. If this happens, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In connection with legal proceedings, we occasionally enter into settlement agreements or become subject to consent decrees containing ongoing financial or operational obligations, including the injunctive relief provisions of the NOSA and the Corporate Integrity Agreement that our Specialty business entered into with the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services in connection with the rebates offered or provided to certain Specialty Solutions customers. Failure to comply with obligations under these agreements or decrees could lead to monetary or other penalties. We might infringe intellectual property rights or our own intellectual property protections might be insufficient to protect our commercial interests. Third parties have in the past and may in the future assert infringement claims against us. Litigation and proceedings related to intellectual property are unpredictable, and we might be required to pay significant damages, develop non-infringing products or services, obtain a license, cease selling or using allegedly infringing products or services, or incur other restrictions on our operations. Trade secret, patent, copyright, and trademark laws, nondisclosure obligations, and other contractual provisions are critical to our business. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property might be insufficient, and non-infringing products or services equivalent or superior to ours might be developed by competitors. Industry Economic Risks Changes or uncertainty in U.S. or international trade policies and exposure to economic, political and currency, and other risks could disrupt our global operations or negatively impact our financial results. We conduct our operations in various regions of the world outside of the United States, including Europe, Asia, and Latin America. Global developments can affect our business in many ways. Our global operations are affected by local economic environments, including inflation, recession, and competition. Additionally, divergent or unfamiliar regulatory systems and labor markets can increase the risks and burdens of operating in numerous countries. For example, recent U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on goods, materials, and products from countries where we do business, and any retaliatory actions taken by such countries could result in us incurring substantial additional costs to source materials, directly and indirectly, from affected countries, and may require us to raise prices on certain products and seek alternative sources of supply. If our competitors do not increase prices, or increase prices to a lesser extent than we do, or are able to offset the impact of tariffs through other actions, our competitive and financial position may be adversely affected. Additionally, if we are not able to find adequate alternate sources of supply, we may experience supply shortages or disruptions. Additionally, in certain circumstances, including in our Other operating segment, we may not receive increased reimbursement commensurate with the increase in costs, which may negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, we conduct our business in U.S. dollars and various functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results, which are reported in U.S. dollars. We may not be able to hedge to protect us against these exposures, and any hedges may not successfully mitigate these exposures. We are also subject to government import and export controls and regulations, including the requirement that we make a determination as to the country of origin of products that we source or manufacture outside the United States. From time to time, Customs and Border protection agencies, whether in the U.S. or other jurisdictions, have challenged these determinations. These and other actions by border protection have resulted in products being detained or delayed and supply disruptions and could result in the imposition of fines and penalties. In addition, the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, which went into effect in June 2022, prohibits the importation of any goods grown, produced, manufactured, or mined, wholly or in part, in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China unless importers can provide clear and convincing evidence that goods were not made using forced labor. We have experienced supply constraints as a result of these and similar regulations, and it is possible that our business or results of operations could be further negatively impacted by future determinations and disruptions. Our Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment s profit margin could be adversely affected by changes in industry or market dynamics that we are not able to accurately predict. The frequency, timing, magnitude, and profit impact of generic pharmaceutical customer purchase volumes, pricing changes, customer contract renewals, generic pharmaceutical launches, and generic pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing changes, which contribute to the performance of our generic pharmaceutical program, remain uncertain. These factors have contributed to declines in some prior years and have more than offset the benefits from sourcing generic pharmaceuticals through our Red Oak Sourcing venture with CVS Health. If performance of our generic pharmaceutical program declines in future fiscal years and we are unable to offset the decline, our Pharma segment profit and consolidated operating earnings will be adversely affected. Additionally, almost all of our distribution services agreements with branded pharmaceutical manufacturers provide that we receive 36 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Risk Factors fees from the manufacturers to compensate us for services we provide them. However, under certain agreements, branded pharmaceutical price appreciation, which is determined by the manufacturers, also serves as a part of our compensation. If manufacturers change their historical approach to setting and increasing wholesale acquisition cost, decide to reduce prices, not to increase prices, or to implement only small increases, and we are unable to negotiate alternative ways to be compensated by manufacturers or customers for the value of our services, our margins could be adversely affected. We depend on direct and indirect suppliers to make their products and raw materials available to us and are subject to fluctuations in costs, availability, and regulatory risk associated with these products and raw materials. Our manufacturing businesses use oil-based resins, pulp, cotton, latex, and other commodities as raw materials in many products. Prices of oil and gas also affect our distribution and transportation costs. Prices of these commodities are volatile and can fluctuate significantly, causing our costs to produce and distribute our products to fluctuate. Beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, we experienced higher supply chain costs, which had a negative impact on our GMPD (former Medical) segment profit in fiscal 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, and 2025. Supply chain constraints also had a negative impact on sales within our GMPD (former Medical) segment. W e did not offset the full impact of these cost increases in fiscal year 2023, 2024, and 2025; however, we implemented certain cost reductions, price increases, and surcharges to mitigate the impact. Due to competitive dynamics and contractual limitations, passing along cost increases is challenging. If we are not able to mitigate future cost increases through increased prices where necessary or if supply chain cost significantly increase or become subject to additional variability, GMPD segment profit could be negatively impacted. We depend on others to manufacture some products, including pharmaceuticals, that we market and distribute. Our operations are also dependent on various components, compounds, raw materials, and energy supplied by others. We purchase many of these components, raw materials, and energy, and source certain products from numerous suppliers in various countries. In some instances, for reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness, or availability, we procure certain components and raw materials from a sole supplier. Our supplier relationships could be interrupted, become less favorable to us or be terminated and the supply of these components, compounds, raw materials, or products could be interrupted or become insufficient. These supply interruptions or other disruptions in manufacturing processes could be caused by events beyond our control, including natural disasters, labor disputes, supplier facility shutdowns, defective raw materials, the impact of epidemics or pandemics, such as COVID-19, and actions by U.S. or international governments, including import or export restrictions or tariffs. Any material interruption in our supply chain or inability to obtain key products from third parties in a timely and cost-effective manner, including as a result of trade or other restrictions, could adversely affect our business operations and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, due to the stringent regulatory requirements regarding the manufacture and sourcing of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for certain components, materials, or products. A sustained supply reduction or interruption, and an inability to develop alternative and additional sources for such supply, could result in lost sales, increased cost, damage to our reputation, and may have an adverse effect on our business. We could continue to suffer the adverse effects of competitive pressures, and changes in our relationships with significant customers could adversely affect us. As described in greater detail in the "Business" section, we operate in markets that are highly competitive and dynamic. In addition, competitive pressures in each of our businesses may be increased by new business models, new entrants, new regulations, or changes in enforcement priorities, changes in consumer demand, or general competitive dynamics. Additionally, we may not be able to onboard new customers as efficiently as expected due to customer service issues or competitive service level offerings. We have also experienced delays in onboarding new customers due to factors outside of our control. Our businesses face continued pricing pressure from these factors, which adversely affects our margins. If we are unable to offset margin reductions caused by these pressures through steps such as sourcing or cost control measures, additional service offerings and sales of higher margin products, our results of operations could continue to be adversely affected. Employee attrition may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or internal controls. Our ability to attract, retain, and develop qualified and experienced employees, including key executives, key employees at companies that we acquire, and other talent, is critical for us to meet our business objectives. We compete with many other businesses to attract and retain employees. It is possible that we could experience loss of key personnel for a variety of causes. If we do not adequately plan for succession of key roles or if we are not successful in attracting or retaining new talent, our operations, financial performance or internal control over financial reporting could be adversely impacted. Consolidation in the U.S. healthcare industry may negatively impact our results of operations. In recent years, U.S. healthcare industry participants, including distributors, manufacturers, suppliers, healthcare providers, insurers, and pharmacy chains, among others, have consolidated or formed strategic alliances. Consolidations create larger enterprises with greater negotiating power and could result in the possible loss of a customer in the situation where the combined enterprise selects one distributor from two incumbents or a reduction in our ability to market our products and services to new customers. Consolidations also impact other objectives, including Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 37 Risk Factors our ability to use acquisitions to expand or complement our existing businesses. If this consolidation trend continues, it could adversely affect our results of operations. Business Operational Risks Our business and operations depend on the proper functioning of information systems, critical facilities, and distribution networks and could be negatively impacted by events outside of our control. We rely on our and third-party service providers' information systems for a wide variety of critical operations, including to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to: facilitate the purchase and distribution of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; manage accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; process payments to suppliers; facilitate manufacturing and assembly of medical products; and generate financial information. Our business also depends on the proper functioning and security of our and our suppliers' business processes, critical facilities, including our national logistics center, and our distribution networks. Our results of operations could be adversely affected if our or a service provider's business processes, information systems, critical facilities, or distribution networks are disrupted (including disruption of access), are damaged or fail, whether due to physical disruptions, such as extreme weather events, including wildfires, hurricanes, extreme temperatures, or other natural disasters, pandemics (as they were by the COVID-19 pandemic), supply chain disruptions, or power outages, systems updates, or due to cybersecurity incidents, ransomware, or other actions of third parties, including labor strikes or shortages, political unrest, and terrorist attacks. In addition, hardware, software, and other applications and updates procured from third parties may contain defects that have and may in the future unexpectedly restrict or prevent access to or interfere with the proper operation of our information systems and hardware. Manufacturing disruptions also can occur due to regulatory action, production quality deviations, safety issues, or raw material shortages or defects, planned shifts in production sites, or because we need to transition manufacturing facilities for any key products or components that is manufactured at a single manufacturing facility where there are limited alternate facilities. Additionally, we incur costs to remediate these disruptions, and it is possible that these costs could be significant. Our ability to compete effectively is increasingly dependent on access to and interpretation of data, and we may provide services that involve hosting customer data and operating software on third-party or our own systems. Data quality impacts customer ordering, order fulfillment, and higher order processing. If we fail to effectively implement and maintain data governance structures across our businesses, to effectively interpret and utilize such data, or protect the integrity of such data, including systems powered by or incorporating artificial intelligence and machine learning, our operations could be impacted, and we may be at a competitive disadvantage. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we experience a material cyber-attack or other systems breach. Cybersecurity incidents and attacks resulting in unauthorized access to our systems and those of third parties we use in our business could have a material impact on our business operations as a result of loss or misuse of our information, including personal data and sensitive data, and disruption to normal business operations. Our business relies on the secure transmission, storage, and hosting of patient-identifiable health information, financial information, and other sensitive protected information relating to our customers, company, workforce, and individuals with whom we and our customers conduct business. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to information security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, hardware, software, or applications developed internally or procured from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems beyond our control that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Unauthorized parties have gained access in the past, and will continue to attempt to gain access, to our (including our recently acquired entities) or a service provider's systems or facilities through fraud, social engineering, or other forms of deception. The sophistication of cybersecurity threats and AI-powered cyber-attacks such as deep fakes and force attacks continues to increase. Additionally, our recently acquired MSO businesses are subject to cybersecurity-related risks which are, while similar in many respects, incremental to the cybersecurity risks experienced by our legacy businesses. If we are not able to adapt our systems and processes to mitigate these risks, we could experience additional financial losses, including as a result of class action lawsuits. We and our service providers have been the target of cyber attacks. Although we do not believe these incidents had a material impact on us, either individually or in the aggregate, similar incidents or events in the future may negatively impact our business, reputation, or financial results. Any compromise of our or a service provider's information systems, including unauthorized access to or use or disclosure of sensitive information, could result in the loss or misuse of our information, including personal data and sensitive data and adversely impact our operations, results of operations, or our ability to satisfy legal or regulatory requirements, including the EU general data protection regulation (GDPR) and those related to patient-identifiable health information and other sensitive personal and financial information at the state and U.S. federal level as further described in the Risk Factor titled Our business is subject to other rigorous regulatory and licensing requirements, above. A 38 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Risk Factors cybersecurity incident could result in a violation of these and other applicable laws and result in a loss of customers and revenues, remediation and other costs, increased insurance premiums, litigation, monetary fines and penalties, and damage to our competitiveness and reputation, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and business. In addition, insurance for losses arising from cyber-attacks or other breaches is becoming more costly and limited and may not be available to us at amounts that we historically have obtained or that we would like to obtain. It is possible that we could incur losses that may not be covered by insurance or that would exceed available insurance recoveries. If this happens, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our sales and credit concentration is significant. In fiscal year 2025, CVS Health was our largest customer. CVS Health accounted for 30 percent of our fiscal 2025 revenue and 26 percent of our gross trade receivable balance at June 30, 2025. If CVS or another significant customer reduces their purchases from us, defaults in payment to us, does not renew or terminates their agreements, whether due to an alleged default by us or otherwise, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our ability to complete, integrate, and manage acquisitions could impact our strategic objectives and financial condition. From time to time, we acquire or look to acquire other businesses that expand or complement our existing businesses or enable entry into new lines of business. For example, in fiscal year 2025, we completed several significant acquisitions in disparate businesses: the acquisition of Integrated Oncology Network and GI Alliance, which are part of our Specialty business, and the acquisition of Advanced Diabetes Supply Group, which is part of our Cardinal Health At-Home businesses. Completion of acquisitions involves a number of risks, including the risk that required financing may not be available on favorable terms and the risk that we may not receive regulatory approvals necessary to timely complete an acquisition or otherwise satisfy closing conditions. Additionally, we are subject to risks associated with the integration and operation of acquired businesses, including the risk that our management s attention may be diverted to integration efforts at the expense of the legacy businesses, we may fail to retain key personnel of the acquired business, we may experience difficulties or delays establishing, integrating, or combining operations and systems, including manufacturing facilities and cybersecurity-related systems and processes, we may become subject to unforeseen liabilities arising from legal proceedings involving the acquired business, we may face challenges retaining the customers of the acquired business and we may encounter unforeseen internal control, regulatory, or compliance issues. Additionally, future developments may impair the value of our purchased goodwill or intangible assets or may otherwise negatively affect our ability to achieve the financial, strategic, or other benefits we expect from the acquisitions. For example, certain states have proposed legislation, and Oregon adopted legislation, that would limit, restrict or prohibit corporate entities from owning or managing physician practices, directly, or indirectly, through a managed services organization. If these regulations proliferate, our ability to continue to own certain of our recently acquired businesses in certain jurisdictions and our ability to execute on our strategy may be impacted. Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by risks associated with entering new lines of business, and our ability to execute our strategy. As a result of our recently announced acquisitions, we are entering into new lines of business, including providing physician practice support and management services, that complement our pre-existing businesses. Such new lines of business involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may be different from or more significant than the risks and uncertainties facing our legacy businesses, including risks arising under or related to fraud, waste, and abuse laws, direct or indirect ownership of provider practices, litigation involving physicians, and risks from regulatory or legislative changes that may limit direct or indirect ownership of provider practices or our ability to provide physician practice support and management services. Additionally, these businesses are subject to cybersecurity risks that are, while similar in many respects, incremental to the cybersecurity risks experienced by our legacy businesses. If we are not able to adapt our systems and processes to mitigate these risks, we could experience additional financial losses, including as a result of class action lawsuits. Additionally, our ability to successfully execute on providing physician practice support and management services, including through direct or indirect ownership of provider practices as permitted by applicable law, depends upon a number of factors, including: the ability to develop or acquire and integrate appropriate practice management and support expertise; the ability to support recruitment, integration, and retention of sufficient numbers of local providers and staff; the ability to successfully support negotiations with vendors, suppliers, and payors; the reimbursement environment; and competition from other healthcare organizations with greater depth of experience or market knowledge. Failure to effectively or efficiently complete or manage critical business processes could have unforeseen consequences. From time to time, our businesses perform business process improvements or infrastructure modernization or use service providers for key systems and processes, such as receiving and processing customer orders, customer service, and accounts payable. These initiatives, transitions, and improvements require an ongoing commitment of resources. If any of these initiatives, including those related to the ongoing implementation of new Enterprise Resource Planning technologies and supply chain optimization initiatives, and initiatives related to artificial intelligence and machine learning, are not successfully or efficiently implemented or maintained, or if our relationship with critical third-party service providers deteriorates, we could experience negative impacts on our business, financial results, and our internal control over financial reporting. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 39 Risk Factors Our business is affected by events outside of our control including public health crises, extreme weather-related events and natural disasters, geopolitical, and other catastrophic events. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience weather-related impacts to the business, primarily driven by risks to certain physical components of our operations and risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy. For example, our properties have experienced physical damage resulting from adverse or extreme weather resulting in increased costs for repairs and may cause disruptions in operations. Additional risks associated with extreme weather may cause social and human effects such as shifts in populations, increased costs for critical services such as transportation, and other adverse effects. These factors may negatively impact cost or availability of certain products, commodities, or energy, and could impair our ability to secure goods and services required for the operation of our business at quantities and levels we require. Environmental and other climate-related laws and regulations may impose costs, including increased spend associated with carbon pricing mechanisms, data gathering and reporting, third-party attestations, capital expenditures to implement lower greenhouse gas emissions technology, and other measures to reduce emissions. We cannot predict the potential impact on our competitive position, results of operations, or financial condition. A shift in customer or consumer preference towards low-carbon products and services may also place us at a competitive disadvantage if we fail to effectively adjust for these shifts. Our supply chain is subject to these same physical and transitional risks. Events outside of our control also have, and will continue to, adversely impact our operations and financial results. These events include those related to public health crises, including epidemics or pandemics; geopolitical events or tensions, including civil unrest, trade sanctions, tariffs and other trade restrictions, armed conflicts, or terrorism; or unstable international governments and legal systems. Among other potential affects, these events may have a disruptive and unpredictable impact on our operations and those of our suppliers and vendors, or customers, hinder manufacturing and transportation, result in significant excess costs, lead to shifts in customer demand, or have a negative impact on capital markets. Such events are inherently unpredictable, and our responses may involve the implementation of measures which may not be as successful as intended in mitigating adverse impacts. Our results of operations or strategic objectives could be adversely impacted if we fail to manage and complete divestitures. We regularly evaluate our portfolio of businesses to determine whether an asset or business may no longer help us meet our objectives or whether there may be a more advantaged owner for that business. For example, in July 2023, we contributed our Outcomes business to Transaction Data Systems in exchange for a minority stake in the combined entity, and in fiscal year 2022, we completed the divestiture of the Cordis business. When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies, which could impact the achievement of our strategic objectives. We could also fail to obtain necessary regulatory approval or incur higher costs or charges than planned or incur unexpected charges and could experience greater dis-synergies than expected, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. Our goodwill or other long-lived assets may be further impaired, which could require us to record additional significant charges to earnings in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. U.S. GAAP requires us to test our goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. In addition, we review intangible assets with finite lives and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In fiscal 2025, we performed annual impairment testing and concluded there were no impairments of goodwill for our reporting units as the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. Impairment testing involves estimates and significant judgments by management. We believe our assumptions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate; however, additional adverse changes in key assumptions, a failure to meet expected earnings or other financial plans, or unanticipated events and circumstances, an increase in the discount rate, a decrease in the terminal growth rate, increases in tax rates, or a significant change in industry or economic trends could affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates and may result in goodwill impairment. It is possible that we may record significant charges from impairment to our goodwill reporting units, intangibles, and other long-lived assets in the future. Any charge or charges could adversely affect our results of operations. During fiscal 2024 and 2023, we recorded aggregate goodwill impairment charges of $675 million, and $1.2 billion, respectively, related to GMPD (our former Medical unit) primarily driven by the performance and long-term financial plan assumptions. GMPD had no goodwill balance remaining at June 30, 2024. See "Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates" in MD A above for more information regarding goodwill impairment testing. 40 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy As a large healthcare distribution and services company, we are exposed to various cybersecurity threats and cybersecurity risk management is integral to our overall enterprise risk management strategy. We identify, assess, and manage risks related to cybersecurity through documented policies, standards, and procedures. Our approach to detection, mitigation, remediation, and prevention of cybersecurity risks utilizes a range of measures including, among other elements: benchmarking to generally accepted industry standards and frameworks, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity framework; use of periodic tabletop exercises to promote awareness and improve internal processes; periodic penetration testing; a dedicated staff of cybersecurity professionals; and implementation of security measures and policies intended to identify as well as assist in containing and remediating cybersecurity risks. We maintain cybersecurity incident response, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans that govern activities such as preparation, detection coordination, remediation and recovery, and escalation to senior management and, where appropriate, relevant committees of the Board. These plans are routinely reviewed under the leadership of our Chief Information Security Officer ("CISO"). We also maintain mandatory employee cybersecurity and privacy compliance awareness training, which is supplemented by employee engagement campaigns. We utilize third parties to assist with, and assess the effectiveness of, our cybersecurity posture, in addition to supporting incident response and mitigation where necessary. We identify and assess third party risks associated with suppliers and service providers across a range of areas, including cybersecurity, through a third-party risk management process that incorporates, among other features, the use of risk assessments and, where appropriate, contractual requirements around evaluations, security, technology, service levels, and other terms. To date, we are not aware of cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect Cardinal Health. However, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. For more information, please see Item 1A Risk Factors for the risk factor entitled Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we experience a material cyber-attack or other systems breach. Governance Our CISO, in coordination with our Chief Information Officer ( CIO ) to whom the CISO reports, leads our approach to assessing and managing cybersecurity-related risks. Our CISO has over twenty-five years of experience in information technology ( IT ), with twenty years in IT risk management, compliance, and information security, as well as a background in leading technical infrastructure teams and roles supporting business operations. As part of management s oversight of our cybersecurity program, we maintain an IT risk governance process that includes multiple levels of escalation from our IT Risk Advisory Board, which meets on a monthly basis and whose membership includes the CISO and IT functional area leadership, to an executive-level committee to help address cybersecurity risks at an enterprise level. The company s Board oversees our overall risk management process. The Board has delegated to the Audit Committee primary responsibility for overseeing cybersecurity and other major technology-related risks and our actions to monitor and mitigate such risks. In coordination with the Audit Committee, the Risk Oversight Committee of the Board monitors Cardinal Health s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including with respect to data privacy and security. Our Audit Committee receives at least quarterly updates from the CISO and CIO and the Board receives at least annual cybersecurity updates. Among other items, these updates cover a range of matters relevant to our cybersecurity program, including: the threat environment and related business risks; the state, priorities of, and investments in our cybersecurity program; the availability of cyber insurance; review of certain cybersecurity incidents that have occurred within the company and the industry; and relevant cybersecurity operational metrics. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 41 Properties and Legal Proceedings Properties In the United States, at June 30, 2025, the Pharma segment operated one national logistics center and a number of primary pharmaceutical and specialty distribution facilities. The GMPD segment operated medical-surgical distribution, assembly, manufacturing, and other operating facilities in the United States. At June 30, 2025, our GMPD segment also operated manufacturing facilities in Canada, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Germany, Ireland, Japan, Malaysia, Malta, Mexico, Puerto Rico, and Thailand. Our Other Operating Segments operated facilities throughout the United States. Our principal executive offices are headquartered in an owned building located at 7000 Cardinal Place in Dublin, Ohio. We consider our operating properties to be in satisfactory condition and adequate to meet our present needs. However, we regularly evaluate operating properties and may make further additions and improvements or consolidate locations as we seek opportunities to expand or enhance the efficiency of our business. Legal Proceedings The legal proceedings described in Note 8 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" are incorporated in this "Legal Proceedings" section by reference. 42 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Market for Registrant's Common Equity Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CAH. At July 31, 2025, there were approximately 5,917 shareholders of record of our common shares. We anticipate that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. The payment and amount of future dividends remain, however, within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Programs (2) (in millions) April 2025 7 $ 133.13 $ 2,743 May 2025 6 150.62 2,743 June 2025 7 158.38 2,743 Total 20 $ 147.17 $ 2,743 (1) Reflects 7, 6, and 7 common shares purchased in April, May, and June 2025, respectively, through a rabbi trust as investments of participants in our Deferred Compensation Plan. (2) On June 7, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a new $3.5 billion share repurchase program which will expire on December 31, 2027. As of June 30, 2025, we had $2.7 billion authorized for share repurchases remaining under this program. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 43 Market for Registrant's Common Equity Five Year Performance Graph The following line graph compares the cumulative total return of our common shares with the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor s Composite 500 Stock Index (the "S P 500 Index") and the Standard Poor's Composite 500 Healthcare Index (the "S P 500 Healthcare Index"). The line graph assumes, in each case, an initial investment of $100 invested at the closing price on June 30, 2020, and is based on the market prices at the end of each fiscal year through and including June 30, 2025, and reinvestment of dividends. The S P 500 Index and S P 500 Healthcare Index investments are weighted on the basis of market capitalization at the beginning of each period. June 30 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Cardinal Health, Inc. 100.00 113.38 107.77 200.05 211.16 367.25 S P 500 Index 100.00 140.79 125.85 150.51 187.46 215.89 S P 500 Healthcare Index 100.00 127.92 132.23 139.34 155.61 146.42 44 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Reports Management Reports Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) as of June 30, 2025. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June 30, 2025 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, controls deemed effective now may become inadequate in the future because of changes in conditions, or because compliance with policies or procedures has deteriorated or been circumvented. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria ). Based on management s assessment and the COSO criteria, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2025. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued a report on our internal control over financial reporting. Ernst Young LLP s report appears following this "Management Reports" section and expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 45 Reports Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cardinal Health, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited Cardinal Health, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Cardinal Health, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders' deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated August 12, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Grandview Heights, Ohio August 12, 2025 46 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Reports Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cardinal Health, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cardinal Health, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders' deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at June 30, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and August 12, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which they relate. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 47 Reports Valuation of Goodwill Description of the Matter The Company performed quantitative assessments of goodwill for the Company s Navista ION and Cardinal Health at-Home Solutions reporting units during fiscal year 2025, by comparing the fair values of each of these reporting units with their respective carrying amounts. As discussed in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level, or when indicators of impairment exist. During fiscal 2025, there was no impairment recognized related to Navista ION or Cardinal Health at-Home Solutions. Auditing management s goodwill impairment test for Navista ION and Cardinal Health at-Home Solutions was challenging because there is significant judgement required in determining the fair values of the reporting units. In particular, the fair value estimates were sensitive to significant judgmental assumptions including the revenue growth rate; gross margin; distribution, selling, general and administrative expenses, and company-specific risk premium, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment review process. For example, we tested controls over management s review of significant judgmental assumptions, including the revenue growth rate; gross margin; distribution, selling, general and administrative expenses, and company-specific risk premium, among other assumptions. To test the estimated fair values of Navista ION and Cardinal Health at-Home Solutions, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating methodologies used; involving our valuation specialists to assist with our procedures related to the measurement of the fair values; and testing the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis for completeness and accuracy. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends, recent historical performance, and other relevant factors. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair values of the reporting units that would result from changes in the assumptions. We evaluated the assumptions within the model and tested the model s computational accuracy. In addition, w