=== PANW_2025-08-29.htm.gz ===
Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. - 3 - Table of Contents Item 1. Business General Palo Alto Networks, Inc. is a global cybersecurity provider and our vision is a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. We were incorporated in 2005 and are headquartered in Santa Clara, California. Our mission is to be the cybersecurity partner of choice for enterprises, organizations, service providers, and government entities to protect our digital way of life. Our cybersecurity platforms and services help secure enterprise users, networks, clouds, and endpoints by delivering comprehensive cybersecurity backed by artificial intelligence ( AI ) and automation. A key element of our strategy is to help our customers simplify their security architectures through consolidating disparate point products. We execute on this strategy by developing our capabilities and packaging our offerings into platforms which are able to cover many of our customers needs in the markets in which we operate. Our platformization strategy combines various products and services into a tightly integrated architecture for more secure, faster, and cost-effective outcomes. Network Security Our network security platform is designed to deliver complete zero trust solutions to our customers. The platform includes: Secure Access Service Edge ( SASE ). Prisma Access, when combined with Prisma SD-WAN, provides a comprehensive single-vendor SASE offering that is used to secure remote workforces and cloud-delivered branch offices. Prisma Access Browser further extends SASE security and data protection to the end user device, providing workers with freedom to access business applications securely using our secure browser from any device. Next-Generation Firewalls . Our hardware ML-Powered Next-Generation Firewalls ( NGFWs ) secure on-premises environments including campus locations and data centers. Our software NGFWs secure cloud networks. Cloud-Delivered Security Services ( CDSS ) . Our network security platform integrates a suite of CDSS that complements our SASE and Firewall solutions. These include Advanced Threat Prevention, Advanced WildFire , Advanced URL Filtering, Advanced DNS Security, IoT/OT Security, GlobalProtect , Prisma Access Agent, Enterprise Data Loss Prevention ( Enterprise DLP ), AI for IT Operations ( AIOps ), Software as a Service ( SaaS ) Security, and AI Access Security. Through these add-on services, our customers are able to secure their content, applications, users, and devices across their entire organization. Prisma AIRS. Prisma AIRS is a comprehensive AI security platform that has been designed to protect customers entire AI ecosystem by providing AI model scanning, posture management, red teaming, run-time security, and AI agent security. Strata Cloud Manager ( SCM ) . SCM, our network security management solution, centrally manages network security across all remote workers, branches, headquarters, campuses, and cloud. SCM leverages AI to simplify and strengthen network security by enabling customers to proactively pinpoint vulnerabilities, gain real-time remediation recommendations, and enhance overall digital experiences, thereby reducing operational burden. This comprehensive solution includes Strata Copilot, which offers a natural language interface for enhanced insights and guided remediation, and integrates Autonomous Digital Experience Monitoring ( ADEM ) to proactively maintain infrastructure health, facilitate AI-driven one-click troubleshooting, and ensure seamless end-user performance across the enterprise. Security Operations Our AI-powered Cortex platform transforms end-to-end security operations with unified data, AI, and automation for more secure, faster, and cost effective outcomes. We have consolidated our industry-leading Security Operations and Cloud Security capabilities on a single comprehensive platform to provide centralized visibility, proactive protection, real-time prevention, AI-driven insights, and automated remediation across enterprise and cloud. Security Operations. We deliver the next generation of security operations capabilities that unifies standalone Security Information and Event Management ( SIEM ) tools, endpoint security, security automation, cloud detection and response ( CDR ), as well as attack surface management ( ASM ) capabilities on our Cortex platform. These include Cortex XSIAM , for AI-powered security operations replacing traditional SIEM tools, Cortex XDR , for the prevention, detection, and response to complex cybersecurity attacks, Cortex XSOAR , for security orchestration, automation, and response ( SOAR ), and Cortex Xpanse , for ASM. Cloud Security. We deliver comprehensive security across the cloud application development lifecycle through Cortex Cloud, delivered as a scalable SaaS offering. As a comprehensive Cloud Native Application Protection Platform ( CNAPP ) combined with CDR, Cortex Cloud secures multi- and hybrid-cloud environments for applications, data, generative AI ( GenAI ) ecosystem, and the cloud native technology stack across the full development lifecycle, from code to cloud to security operations. As part of the Cortex Cloud platform, customers can expand from Cortex Cloud to our security operations offerings available on a single user experience and unified agent. We also offer our VM-Series and CN-Series virtual firewalls for inline network security on multi- and hybrid-cloud environments. - 4 - Table of Contents Threat Intelligence and Advisory Services Unit 42 brings together world-renowned expertise across threat research, incident response, and security consulting to deliver intelligence-driven, response-ready outcomes that help customers reduce cyber risk. Our elite consultants serve as trusted advisors to our customers by assessing and testing their security controls against sophisticated threats, transforming their security strategy with a threat-informed approach, and responding to security incidents on behalf of our clients. Additionally, Unit 42 offers managed detection and response ( MDR ) and managed threat hunting services. Products and Services NETWORK SECURITY Secure Access Service Edge Prisma Access. Prisma Access is a cloud-delivered security offering that helps organizations deliver consistent AI-driven security to remote networks and mobile users. With more than 100 locations around the world, Prisma Access offers global coverage, consistently inspecting all traffic across all ports and providing bidirectional networking to enable branch-to-branch and branch-to-headquarter traffic. Prisma Access consolidates point products into a single cloud-delivered solution, transforming network security and allowing organizations to enable secure hybrid work. Prisma Access protects all application traffic with complete, best-in-class security while also delivering a seamless user experience with industry-leading service-level agreements ( SLA s). With native SASE integration, Prisma Access Browser extends Zero Trust to any device managed or unmanaged in minutes. Prisma Access delivers seamless user experience with a combination of application acceleration up to 5x faster than direct-to-internet and Autonomous Digital Experience Management. Prisma SD-WAN. Our Prisma SD-WAN solution is a next-generation SD-WAN solution that makes the secure cloud-delivered branch possible. Prisma SD-WAN enables organizations to replace traditional wide area network ( WAN ) architectures with affordable broadband and internet transport types that promote improved bandwidth availability, redundancy and performance at a reduced cost. Prisma SD-WAN leverages real-time application performance SLAs and visibility to control and intelligently steer application traffic to deliver a powerful user experience. Prisma SD-WAN also provides the flexibility of deploying with an on-premises controller to help businesses meet their industry-specific security compliance requirements and manage deployments with application-defined policies. Our Prisma SD-WAN simplifies network and security operations using AI and automation. Next-Generation Firewalls. Our hardware and software ML-Powered Next Generation Firewalls use AI including machine learning and deep learning to stop zero-day threats in real time, and detect and secure the entire enterprise including Internet of Things ( IoT ). All of our hardware and software firewalls incorporate the PAN-OS operating system and include the same rich set of features, ensuring consistent operation across our entire product line. This includes SD-WAN capabilities to intelligently steer traffic to data centers, branches, and the cloud, natively integrated into our Next-Generation Firewalls. Enterprise data, applications, users, and devices become integral components of an organization s security policy. Our hardware and software are designed for different performance requirements throughout an organization with the ability to secure everything from small businesses and branch offices, to large-scale data centers and service providers. Our firewalls come in hardware form factors, containerized form factors, called CN-Series, as well as virtual form factors, called VM-Series, available on all major cloud hosting service providers. We also offer Cloud NGFW, a managed NGFW offering, to secure customers applications on Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) and Microsoft Azure ( Azure ). Cloud-Delivered Security Services Advanced Threat Prevention. This cloud-delivered security service provides intrusion detection and prevention capabilities and blocks vulnerability exploits, viruses, spyware, buffer overflows, denial-of-service attacks, and port scans from compromising and damaging enterprise information resources. In addition, we offer inline deep learning to deliver real-time detection and prevention of unknown, evasive, and targeted command-and-control ( C2 ) communications over HTTP, unknown-TCP, unknown-UDP, and encrypted over SSL. Advanced Threat Prevention is the industry s only offering to protect the enterprise from unknown command and control in real-time with the power of Precision AI TM . Advanced WildFire. This cloud-delivered security service provides protection against targeted malware and advanced persistent threats and provides a near real-time analysis engine for detecting previously unseen malware while resisting attacker evasion techniques. Advanced WildFire combines dynamic and static analysis, recursive analysis, and a custom-built analysis environment with network traffic profiling and fileless attack detection to discover even the most sophisticated and evasive threats. Preventions are delivered in seconds to our network security platform. - 5 - Table of Contents Advanced URL Filtering. This cloud-delivered security service offers the industry s first Inline Deep Learning powered web protection engine. We deliver real-time detection and prevention of unknown, evasive, and targeted web-based threats, such as phishing. In addition, the service includes a cloud-based URL filtering database which consists of millions of URLs across many categories and is designed to analyze web traffic and prevent web-based threats, such as phishing, malware, and C2. Advanced DNS Security. This cloud-delivered security service uses machine learning to proactively block malicious domains and stop attacks in progress. The service allows our network security platform access to Domain Name System ( DNS ) signatures that are generated using advanced predictive analysis, machine learning, and malicious domain data from a growing threat intelligence sharing community of which we are a part of. We offer comprehensive DNS attack coverage and include industry-first protections against multiple emerging DNS-based network attacks, including real-time analysis of DNS response to prevent DNS hijacking. IoT/OT Security. This cloud-delivered security service uses machine learning to accurately identify and classify various IoT and operational technology ( OT ) devices, including never-been-seen-before devices, mission-critical OT devices, and unmanaged legacy systems. The service uses machine learning to baseline normal behavior, identify anomalous activity, assess risk, and provide policy recommendations. SaaS Security API. SaaS Security API is a multi-mode, cloud access security broker ( CASB ) that helps govern sanctioned SaaS application usage across all users and helps prevent breaches and non-compliance. Specifically, the service enables the discovery and classification of data stored in supported SaaS applications, protects sensitive data from accidental exposure, identifies and protects against known and unknown malware, and performs user activity monitoring to identify potential misuse or data exfiltration. The solution can be combined with SaaS Security Inline for a complete integrated CASB. SaaS Security Inline. SaaS Security Inline adds an inline service to automatically gain visibility and control over thousands of known and newly sanctioned, unsanctioned and tolerated SaaS applications in use within organizations today. The service provides enterprise data protection and compliance across all SaaS applications and prevents cloud threats in real time. The solution can be combined with SaaS Security API as a complete integrated CASB. GlobalProtect. This subscription provides protection for users of both traditional laptop and mobile devices. It expands the boundaries of the end-users physical network, effectively establishing a logical perimeter that encompasses remote laptop and mobile device users irrespective of their location. Regardless of the operating system, laptops, tablets, and phones will stay connected to the corporate network when they are on a network of any kind and as a result, are protected as if they never left the corporate campus. Prisma Access Agent. Prisma Access Agent provides secure, remote access to corporate resources for employees working from any location or device. The agent establishes an encrypted tunnel to Prisma Access or our NGFW, ensuring consistent security, data protection, and threat prevention for a distributed workforce accessing any application. Enterprise DLP. This cloud-delivered security service provides consistent and reliable protection of sensitive data, such as personally identifiable information and intellectual property, for all traffic types, applications, and users. Native integration with our products makes the service simple to deploy, while advanced machine learning minimizes management complexity. Enterprise DLP allows organizations to consistently discover, classify, monitor, and protect sensitive data, wherever it may reside. AI Access Security. AI Access Security classifies and prioritizes GenAI applications to assess risk, detect anomalies and visualize insights across multiple GenAI-specific attributes. The service prevents sensitive data loss and defends against malicious responses, ensuring safe and effective AI adoption. AIOps. AIOps enables security teams to proactively strengthen security posture and resolve network disruptions. AIOps provides continuous best practice recommendations powered by machine learning based on industry standards, security policy context, and advanced telemetry data collected from our network security customers to improve security posture. The service also intelligently predicts health, performance, and capacity problems up to seven days in advance and provides actionable insights to resolve the predicted disruptions. Prisma AIRS. Prisma AIRS is a comprehensive AI security platform engineered to protect customers' entire AI ecosystem across its lifecycle. It addresses unique AI security challenges such as prompt injection, data poisoning, and sensitive data leakage, by providing deep visibility and control across AI models, data, and applications. The platform offers AI Model Scanning for vulnerabilities, Posture Management for secure configurations, and AI Red Teaming for proactive testing. Critically, Runtime Security prevents threats during live AI model execution, while AI Agent Security extends protection to autonomous AI agents. - 6 - Table of Contents Strata Cloud Manager. SCM enables our customers to easily manage their Palo Alto Networks Network Security infrastructure including NGFWs and SASE deployments from the cloud, via one unified management interface. As an AI-powered, unified cloud management solution, SCM enables organizations to enhance their network security posture and streamline operations. It utilizes AI to swiftly identify potential vulnerabilities, provide real-time recommendations for remediation, proactively address support needs, and improve overall digital experiences, leading to reduced operational overhead and improved speed, accuracy, and scale of support. By analyzing telemetry, historical data, and its diverse knowledge base, SCM can instantly answer questions, pinpoint solutions to known problems, and automate data collection to speed up assisted support for new challenges. Built into this robust solution are Strata Copilot, offering a natural language interface for intuitive insights and guided actions, and ADEM, designed for proactive infrastructure health, simplified troubleshooting, and consistent end-user performance across the network. Panorama. Panorama is used for centralized policy management, device management, software licensing and updates, centralized logging and reporting, and log storage. Many of our existing deployments continue to use Panorama as the security management solution. New deployments benefit from using SCM for managing network security estate including our Next-Generation Firewalls and SASE with a cloud-based, unified management interface. SECURITY OPERATIONS Cortex XSIAM. Our cloud-based AI-powered security operations platform harnesses the power of AI to significantly improve security outcomes and transform security operations. Cortex XSIAM customers are able to consolidate multiple products into a single unified platform that delivers security information and event management, extended detection and response ( XDR ), SOAR, network traffic analysis, ASM, threat intelligence management ( TIM ), identity threat detection and response, and CDR. CDR is the latest addition to Cortex XSIAM and XDR that addresses the growing need for security teams to respond to cloud threats with purpose-built SOC tools that seamlessly integrate with their security programs. Cortex XSIAM integrates these capabilities into a single platform built for security operations, enabling organizations to simplify operations, stop threats at scale, and accelerate incident remediation. Cortex XSIAM automates data integration, analysis, and triage to respond to most alerts, enabling analysts to focus on only the incidents that require human intervention. Cortex XDR. This cloud-based service enables organizations to collect telemetry from endpoint, network, identity and cloud data sources and apply advanced analytics and machine learning, to quickly find and stop targeted attacks, insider abuse, and compromised endpoints. Cortex XDR has two product tiers: XDR Prevent and XDR Pro. XDR Prevent delivers enterprise-class endpoint security focused on preventing attacks. XDR Pro extends endpoint detection and response ( EDR ) to include cross-data analytics for network, cloud, and identity data. Going beyond EDR, Cortex XDR detects the most complex threats using analytics across key data sources and reveals the root cause, which can significantly reduce investigation time as compared to siloed tools and manual processes. Cortex XSOAR. Available as a stand-alone cloud-based service, an on-premises virtual appliance, or delivered natively through Cortex XSIAM, Cortex XSOAR is a comprehensive SOAR offering that unifies playbook automation, case management, real-time collaboration, and threat intelligence management to serve security teams across the incident lifecycle. With Cortex XSOAR, security teams can standardize processes, automate repeatable tasks, and manage incidents across their security product stack to improve response time and analyst productivity. Cortex XSOAR learns from the real-life analyst interactions and past investigations to help SOC teams with analyst assignment suggestions, playbook enhancements, and best next steps for investigations. Many of our customers see significantly faster SOC response times and a significant reduction in the number of SOC alerts which require human intervention. Cortex Xpanse. Available as a stand-alone cloud-based service and a cloud-based subscription module within Cortex XSIAM, Cortex Xpanse provides ASM, which is the ability for an organization to identify what an attacker would see among all of its sanctioned and unsanctioned Internet-facing assets. In addition, Cortex Xpanse detects risky or out-of-policy communications between Internet-connected assets that can be exploited for data breaches or ransomware attacks. Cortex Xpanse continuously identifies Internet assets, risky services, or misconfigurations in third parties to help secure a supply chain or identify risks for mergers and acquisitions due diligence. Finally, compliance teams use Cortex Xpanse to improve their audit processes and stay in compliance by assessing their access controls against regulatory frameworks. Cortex Cloud. Available as a stand-alone cloud-based service or an add-on to Cortex XDR or to Cortex XSIAM. Cortex Cloud, the next generation of Prisma Cloud, merges CNAPP with CDR for real-time cloud security. The solution allows you to harness the power of AI and automation to prioritize cloud risks with runtime context, enable remediation at scale, and stop attacks as they happen. Cortex Cloud consolidates multiple code and cloud security technologies such as Cloud Detection and Response, Software Composition Analysis, Infrastructure as Code security, CI/CD security, secrets scanning, Cloud Security Posture Management, Cloud Identity and Entitlements Management, API security, Vulnerability Management, Cloud Workload Protection, Web Application and API Security, Cloud Network Security, and Cloud Attack Surface Management into a single unified offering. As part of the Cortex platform, customers can transform end-to-end security operations, from code to cloud to SOC, by adopting Cortex Cloud together with Cortex XSIAM. Existing customers can continue leveraging Prisma Cloud as they upgrade to Cortex Cloud for significantly better, faster and more effective multi-cloud protection. - 7 - Table of Contents THREAT INTELLIGENCE AND ADVISORY SERVICES Customer Support. Global customer support helps our customers achieve their security outcomes with services and support capabilities covering the customer's entire journey with Palo Alto Networks. This post-sales, global organization advances our customers security maturity, supporting them when, where, and how they need it. We offer Standard Support, Premium Support, and Platinum Support to our end-customers and channel partners. Our channel partners that operate a Palo Alto Networks Authorized Support Center typically deliver level-one and level-two support. We provide level-three support 24 hours a day, seven days a week through regional support centers that are located worldwide. We also offer a service offering called Focused Services that includes Customer Success Managers to provide support for end-customers with unique or complex support requirements. We offer our end-customers ongoing support for hardware, software, and certain cloud offerings, which includes ongoing security updates, PAN-OS upgrades, bug fixes, and repairs. End-customers typically purchase these services for a one-year or longer term at the time of the initial product sale and typically renew for successive one-year or longer periods. Additionally, we provide expedited replacement for any defective hardware. We use a third-party logistics provider to manage our worldwide deployment of service-related spares. Threat Intelligence, Incident Response and Security Consulting. Unit 42 brings together world-renowned threat researchers, incident responders, and security consultants to create an intelligence-driven, response-ready organization that is passionate about helping clients proactively manage cyber risk. We help security leaders assess and test their security controls, transform their security strategy with a threat-informed approach, and respond to incidents rapidly. The Unit 42 Threat Intelligence team provides threat research that enables security teams to understand adversary intent and attribution, while enhancing protections offered by our products and services to stop advanced attacks. Our security consultants serve as trusted partners with state-of-the-art cyber risk expertise and incident response capabilities, helping customers build effective security programs, uncover critical exposures to prevent incidents, and, should incidents occur, respond to them with speed and confidence. Professional Services. Professional services are primarily delivered directly by Palo Alto Networks and through a global network of authorized channel partners to our end-customers and include on-location and remote, hands-on experts who plan, design, and deploy effective security solutions tailored to our end-customers specific requirements. These services include architecture design and planning, implementation, configuration, and firewall migrations for all our products, including Prisma and Cortex deployments. Customers can also purchase on-going technical experts to be part of customer s security teams to aid in the implementation and operation of their Palo Alto Networks capabilities. Our education services include certifications, as well as free online technical courses and in-classroom training, which are primarily delivered through our authorized training partners. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Our research and development efforts are strategically centered on expanding our leadership within the enterprise security industry through AI-powered innovation. We focus on enhancing our integrated platforms and developing new software and hardware capabilities. Our engineering teams apply deep expertise in AI and machine learning across networking security, cloud security, endpoint security, and security operations to address the rapidly evolving threat landscape. This approach enables us to leverage core competencies across hardware and software for agile responsiveness and to ensure interoperability with third-party technologies. We supplement our own research with technologies and products licensed from third parties. We believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. During fiscal 2025, we introduced several new offerings, including: Prisma Access Browser, new capabilities in our OT Security solution, Cortex Cloud, Prisma AIRS, and Cortex XSIAM 3.0. We plan to continue to significantly invest in our research and development efforts as we evolve and extend the capabilities of our portfolio. ACQUISITIONS We believe that the enterprise security industry in which we operate necessitates a variety of technologies, products, capabilities, and features. We evaluate opportunities to acquire complementary businesses, technologies, services, and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and research and development efforts, advance the development of our platforms, and enable further investment in our key priority areas. Our evaluation of acquisition opportunities seeks to confirm that any potential transaction would accelerate our strategy, represent an attractive customer opportunity, address a customer need, align with our customer base and go-to-market strategy, and present a clear timeline and path for value accretion. Our acquisitions enable us to gain access to talent, technology, products and features, and can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to those that result in new offerings. - 8 - Table of Contents For example, in August 2024, we completed the acquisition of certain QRadar assets from International Business Machines Corporation ( IBM ), which we expect will help accelerate the growth of our Cortex business. Additionally, in July 2025, we completed the acquisition of Protect AI, Inc., a privately-held cyber security company ( Protect AI ), which we expect will enhance the capabilities of our AI security platform. In July 2025, we also entered into a definitive agreement to acquire CyberArk Software Ltd. ( CyberArk ), an identity security company, which acquisition is expected to close during the second half of our fiscal 2026. For additional information related to t