=== BAX_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For financial information about our foreign and domestic revenues and segment information, see Note 17, in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information regarding foreign currency exchange risk, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled Financial Instrument Market Risk in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 3 Contractual Arrangements Our products are sold through contracts with customers, both within and outside the United States. Some of these contracts have terms of more than one year and place limits on our ability to increase prices. In the case of hospitals, governments and other facilities, these contracts may specify minimum quantities of a particular product or categories of products to be purchased by the customer. In keeping with the increased emphasis on cost-effectiveness in healthcare delivery, many hospitals and other customers of medical products in the United States have joined group purchasing organizations (GPOs), or formed integrated delivery networks (IDNs), to enhance purchasing power. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with manufacturers and distributors and the negotiated prices are made available to members. We have purchasing agreements with several of the major GPOs in the United States, which are subject to renewal from time to time. We are subject to certain risks inherent in contracting with GPOs and IDNs. For more information on these risks, see the information under the captions Risks Relating to Our Operations Business Segments of our business are significantly dependent on major contracts with GPOs, IDNs, and certain other distributors and purchasers in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Raw Materials and Component Parts Raw materials and component parts essential to our business are purchased from numerous suppliers worldwide in the ordinary course of business. While many of these materials are generally available, we have experienced and may in the future experience shortages of supply. Additionally, certain of these materials are secured from single source suppliers or on a spot basis and not pursuant to a contractual arrangement. In an effort to manage risk associated with raw materials and component supply, we work closely with our suppliers to help ensure availability and continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability. We also seek to develop new and alternative sources of supply where beneficial to our overall raw materials procurement strategy. Refer to Risks Relating to Our Business and Financial Performance We have experienced disruptions in our supply chain and Risks Relating to Our Operations We may be unable to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or for a cost-effective price in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding risks related to the supply chain, raw materials and component parts (including with respect to the qualification of any new or alternative supplier). Competition and Healthcare Cost Containment Our businesses benefit from a number of competitive advantages, including the breadth and depth of our product offerings and our strong relationships with customers, including hospitals and clinics, GPOs, IDNs, physicians and patients, many of whom self-administer home-based therapies that we supply. We also benefit from efficiencies and cost advantages resulting from shared manufacturing facilities and the technological advantages of our products. Although no single company competes with us in all of our businesses, we face substantial competition in each of our segments from international and domestic healthcare, medical products and pharmaceutical companies and providers of all sizes, and these competitors often differ across our businesses. In addition, global and regional competitors continue to expand their manufacturing capacity and sales and marketing channels. We believe customer purchasing decisions are primarily focused on cost-effectiveness, price, service, product performance and technological innovation. There has been consolidation in our customer base and by our competitors, which has resulted and continues to result in pricing and market pressures. For further discussion, refer to Risks Relating to our Business and Financial Performance Continued consolidation in the health care industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing and access in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments and Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters If reimbursement or other payment for our current or future products is reduced or modified in the U.S. or in foreign countries, including through the implementation or repeal of government-sponsored healthcare reform or other similar actions, cost containment measures, or there are changes to policies with respect to pricing, taxation, or rebates, our business could suffer. in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Intellectual Property Patents and other proprietary rights are essential to our business. We rely on patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how and confidentiality agreements to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. We 4 own numerous patents and trademarks throughout the world and have entered into license arrangements relating to various third-party patents and technologies. Products manufactured by us are sold primarily under our own trademarks and trade names. Some products distributed by us are sold under our trade names, while others are sold under trade names owned by our suppliers or partners. Trade secret protection of unpatented confidential and proprietary information is also important to us. We maintain certain details about our processes, products and technology as trade secrets and generally require employees, consultants, and business partners to enter into confidentiality agreements. Our policy is to protect our products and technology through patents and trademarks on a worldwide basis. This protection is sought in a manner that balances the cost of such protection against obtaining the greatest value for us. We also recognize the need to promote the enforcement of our patents and trademarks and take commercially reasonable steps to enforce our patents and trademarks around the world against potential infringers, including judicial or administrative action where appropriate. For additional information see Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters If we are unable to protect or enforce our patents or other proprietary rights, or if we become subject to claims or litigation alleging infringement of the patents or other proprietary rights of others, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We operate in an industry susceptible to significant patent litigation. At any given time, we are involved as either a plaintiff or defendant in a number of patent infringement and other intellectual property-related actions. Such litigation can result in significant royalty or other payments or result in injunctions that can prevent the sale of products. For more information on patent and other litigation, see Note 7 in Item 8 and Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters We are party to a number of pending lawsuits and other disputes which may adversely impact us in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Research and Development We believe our investment in research and development (R D), consistent with our portfolio optimization and capital allocation strategies, will help fuel our future growth and our ability to remain competitive. Accordingly, we continue to focus our investment on select R D programs to enhance future growth through clinical differentiation. Expenditures for our R D activities were $518 million in 2025, $590 million in 2024, and $518 million in 2023. These expenditures include costs associated with R D activities performed at our R D centers located around the world, which include facilities in Belgium, India, Italy, Malta and the United States, as well as in-licensing, milestone and reimbursement payments made to partners for R D work performed at non-Baxter locations. As discussed above in under "Recent Strategic Actions," we are working to create a more resilient supply chain and better align our manufacturing footprint and supply chain to our commercial activities. These activities may result in the consolidation of one or more R D facilities. For more information on our R D activities, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled Strategic Objectives in Item 7. Management's Discussion of Analysis and Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Quality Management Our continued success depends upon the quality of our products. Quality management plays an essential role in determining and meeting customer requirements, helping to prevent defects, facilitating continuing improvement of our processes, products and services, and helping to assure the safety and efficacy of our products. Our quality system enables the design, development, manufacturing, packaging, sterilization, handling, distribution and labeling of our products to help ensure that they conform to customer requirements. In order to consistently improve the effectiveness and efficiency of our quality system, various measurement, monitoring and analysis methods, such as management reviews and internal, external and vendor audits, are employed at local and central levels. Each product that we market is required to meet specific quality standards, both in packaging and in product integrity and quality. If any of those is determined to be compromised at any time, we endeavor to take corrective and preventive actions designed to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and to meet customer expectations. For more information on corrective actions taken by us, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled Certain Regulatory Matters in Item 7. Management's Discussion of Analysis and Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 5 Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Driven by our mission to save and sustain lives, Baxter's sustainability and corporate responsibility strategy focuses on addressing related matters that affect our patients, customers, employees, communities and other critical stakeholders worldwide. We believe advancing our sustainability and corporate responsibility goals contributes to business, economic, and social value, including attraction and retention of employees, enhanced operational efficiency and implementation of enterprise risk management strategies, among others. In 2021, we launched our 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment featuring strategic goals for focused action. Our Commitment is anchored by three pillars - Deliver Sustainable Healthcare, Protect our Planet and Champion our People and Communities. The 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment and Goals highlight Baxter's focus to further advance our sustainability and corporate responsibility performance. We expect to announce a refreshed commitments and goals set after the issuance of our 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report, either in a separate announcement or as part of the 2026 Corporate Responsibility Report. Our progress against our current goals and commitments is published annually in our Corporate Responsibility Report which is available on our website under "Our Story-Corporate Responsibility." The Corporate Responsibility Report is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other document filed with the SEC. Government Regulation As a medical products company, our operations and many of the products manufactured or sold by us are subject to extensive regulation by numerous government agencies, both within and outside the United States. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in the European Union, the Medicines Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in the United Kingdom, Health Canada in Canada, the National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) in China and other government agencies, inside and outside of the United States, administer requirements covering the testing, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling, promotion and advertising, pricing, distribution and post-market surveillance of our products. We must obtain specific clearance, approval or other marketing authorization from FDA and non-U.S. regulatory authorities before we can market and sell most of our products in a particular country. Even after we obtain regulatory authorization to market a product, additional regulatory authorization may be necessary to maintain the product in the market, including additional 510(k) clearances, new drug approval supplements, and other regulatory submissions. In addition, the raw materials, manufacturing facilities, processes and quality systems used in the manufacture of a product are subject to continued review by FDA and other regulatory authorities globally. State agencies in the United States also regulate our facilities, operations, employees, products and services within their respective states. We, along with our facilities, are subject to periodic inspections and possible administrative and legal actions by FDA and other regulatory agencies inside and outside the United States. Such actions may include warning letters, import restrictions, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt the manufacture and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, refusal of a government to grant approvals or licenses, restrictions on operations or withdrawal of existing approvals and licenses. As situations require, we take steps to ensure the safety and efficacy of our products, such as removing products from the market that are found not to meet applicable requirements and improving the effectiveness of quality systems. For more information on compliance actions taken by us, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled Certain Regulatory Matters in Item 7. Management's Discussion of Analysis and Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are also subject to various laws inside and outside the United States concerning our relationships with healthcare professionals and government officials, price reporting and regulation, the promotion, sales and marketing of our products and services, the importation and exportation of products, the operation of our facilities and the distribution of products. In the United States, we are subject to the oversight of FDA, Office of the Inspector General within the Department of Health and Human Services (OIG), the Center for Medicare/Medicaid Services (CMS), the Department of Justice (DOJ), Environmental Protection Agency, Department of Defense and Customs and Border Protection in addition to others. We supply products and services to healthcare providers that are reimbursed by federally funded programs such as Medicare. As a result, our activities are subject to regulation by CMS and enforcement by OIG and DOJ. In each jurisdiction outside the United States, our activities are subject to regulation by government agencies including the above mentioned EMA, MHRA, Health Canada, NMPA and other agencies in other jurisdictions. Many of the agencies enforcing these laws have increased their enforcement activities with respect to healthcare companies in recent years. These actions appear to be part of a general trend toward increased enforcement activity globally. 6 Our operations involve the use of substances regulated under environmental laws, primarily in manufacturing processes. Our environmental policies require compliance with all applicable environmental regulations and contemplate, among other things, appropriate capital expenditures for environmental protection. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2025, after giving effect to the Kidney Care sale, we employed approximately 37,500 people globally, with approximately 15,100 employees in the United States and approximately 22,400 employees outside of the United States. Our employees set the foundation for our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. They contribute to our success and are instrumental in driving operational execution and our ability to deliver on our stated goals and commitments, advance innovation and maintain a strong quality and compliance program across our organization. The success and growth of our business depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, develop and engage talented and high-performing employees at all levels of our organization with a myriad of backgrounds and experiences, including the individuals who comprise our global workforce as well as executive officers and other key personnel. To succeed in a competitive labor market, we have developed recruitment and retention strategies, objectives and measures that we focus on as part of the overall management of our business. These strategies, objectives and measures form our human capital management framework and are advanced through the following programs, policies and initiatives: Competitive Pay and Benefits. Our compensation programs are designed to align the compensation of our employees with our performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve superior results. The structure of our compensation programs balances incentive earnings for both short-term and long-term performance. Health and Safety. Health and safety are firmly rooted across our global footprint. We aim for a zero-harm workplace and prioritize the elimination of risks and incident precursors to drive improvement. In 2025, Baxter continued to focus on employee engagement and, hazard identification and further prioritized safety controls implementation for high hazard work activities. We have continued momentum in our 'Start When Certain' culture program to build empowerment in our operational workforce to report and fix hazards, and we are utilizing reports to disseminate learnings network wide. Recruitment, Training and Development. We use recruitment vehicles to attract talent to our organization and we prioritize learning opportunities that foster a growth mindset. Our formal offerings include a tuition reimbursement program, an e-learning platform known as BaxU and virtual workshops that support our culture, strategy and the development of crucial skills. To assess the impact of the investments we make in our people, and to help us consistently improve our human resources programs, we periodically conduct anonymous surveys of our global workforce to seek feedback on a variety of topics including confidence in our leadership, competitiveness of our compensation and benefits packages, career growth opportunities and improvements on how we can make our company an employer of choice. Administered and analyzed by an independent third-party, the survey results are reviewed by our senior leaders, which include our executive officers. Summaries of select surveys are also provided to the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of our Board of Directors. The results of this engagement survey are also shared with individual managers, who are then tasked with taking action based on their employees anonymous feedback. Available Information We make available free of charge on our website at www.baxter.com our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing such material with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are also available free of charge via EDGAR through the Securities and Exchange Commission website (www.sec.gov). In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct, and the charters for the committees of our Board of Directors are available on our website at www.baxter.com under Our Story Our Governance. All the foregoing materials will be made available to stockholders in print upon request by writing to: Corporate Secretary, Baxter International Inc., One Baxter Parkway, Deerfield, Illinois 60015. Information contained on our website shall not be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 7 Item 1A. Risk Factors. In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, stockholders or prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors for a description of the principal risks that we face. If any of the events described below occurs, our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, future growth prospects, reputation or stock price could suffer. Further, other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have significant adverse effects on our future results. Risk Factors Summary This summary of risks below is intended to provide an overview of the risks we face and should not be considered a substitute for the more detailed risk factors discussed immediately following this summary. Risks Relating to Our Business and Financial Performance We are exposed to risks as a result of our strategic actions. We may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our significant transactions, including the sale of our Kidney Care business and our acquisition of Hillrom. Our significant indebtedness requires us to use a substantial amount of our cash flow for debt service and constrains our ability to pursue growth strategies and advance our R D capabilities. There is substantial competition in the product markets in which we operate and the risk of declining demand and pricing pressures could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may be unable to successfully introduce or monetize new and existing products or services or keep pace with changing consumer preferences and needs or advances in technology. We may not achieve our financial goals. We have experienced disruptions in our supply chain. Global economic conditions, including inflation, have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our operations. We may not be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies and sustaining or improving operating expense reductions. Continued consolidation in the health care industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing and access in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments. Our operating results and financial condition have fluctuated and may in the future continue to fluctuate. Management transition creates uncertainties, and we may experience difficulties in managing such transitions, including attracting and retaining key employees. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and liquidity. Future material impairments in the value of our goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets would negatively affect our operating results. Risks Relating to Our Operations Segments of our business are significantly dependent on major contracts with GPOs, IDNs, and certain other distributors and purchasers. We may be unable to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or for a cost-effective price. 8 We may experience manufacturing, sterilization, supply, or distribution difficulties. We have experienced and may continue to experience issues with quality management or product quality. We may experience breaches and breakdowns affecting our information technology systems or protected information, including from obsolescence, cyber security breaches and data leakage. We are exposed to risks associated with incorporating AI, machine learning and other emerging technologies into our products, services and operations. We are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. A portion of our workforce is unionized, and we could face labor disruptions that would interfere with our operations. The effects of climate change, including legal, regulatory, or market measures related to climate change and other sustainability topics, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our commitments, goals, activities, and disclosures related to sustainability and corporate responsibility matters, and the perception of our activities in these areas, may fail to satisfy the differing expectations of key stakeholders on these matters. Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters We are subject to laws and regulations globally, and our failure to comply with rapidly changing and increasingly divergent expectations of regulators in different jurisdictions could adversely impact the company. If reimbursement or other payment for our current or future products is reduced or modified in the U.S. or in foreign countries, or there are changes to policies with respect to pricing, taxation, or rebates, our business could suffer. Increasing regulatory focus on, and expanding laws relating to, privacy, AI, and cybersecurity could impact our business and expose us to increased liability. We are party to a number of pending lawsuits and other disputes which may adversely impact us. We could be subject to fines or damages and possible exclusion from participation in federal or state healthcare programs if we fail to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our business. If we are unable to protect or enforce our patents or other proprietary rights, or if we become subject to claims or litigation alleging infringement of the patents or other proprietary rights of others, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged. We may incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax liabilities. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws could limit our stockholders ability to choose their preferred judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. Risks Related to Our Common Stock We recently decreased our quarterly dividend to $0.01 per share and cannot guarantee that we will increase the amount of dividends we pay, or that we will not cease paying dividends. Our common stock price has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so. 9 Risks Relating to Our Business and Financial Performance We are exposed to risks as a result of our strategic actions. Our businesses have faced, and will continue to face, challenges in connection with strategic actions we have undertaken, including the divestitures of our Kidney Care business and our BPS business, the acquisition of Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (Hillrom), and the ongoing implementation of a simplified operating model and manufacturing footprint. These actions have entailed significant changes across our organizational structure and functional areas and have led to select market exits and may lead to additional market exits as we continue to optimize our portfolio. Today, we are a smaller, less diversified company, with more limited and concentrated businesses, which may leave us more vulnerable to changing market conditions and increased volatility in our financial performance. We may also continue to experience diversion of management attention and the loss of experienced leaders with institutional knowledge. Further, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, disputes with buyers of businesses we have divested, or may divest in the future. In addition, we have yet to achieve our net leverage targets. As a result, as discussed further below, our cash resources may be constrained and our ability to pursue growth initiatives may be limited, which could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. We may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our significant transactions, including the sale of our Kidney Care business and our acquisition of Hillrom. We have undertaken several significant transactions, including the sale of our Kidney Care business and our acquisition of Hillrom, and we may fail to achieve the anticipated benefits of these transactions. As part of our strategy to realign our product portfolio, we sold our Kidney Care business in January 2025. While the sale allowed us to repay some of our outstanding indebtedness, as discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management's Discussion of Analysis and Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Note 5 in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and achieve related interest expense savings, the complexity of separating the Kidney Care business resulted in various challenges. In addition, we may be subject to other potential risks in connection with the transaction, including the following: disputes or litigation with Carlyle or Vantive, as applicable, arising from the transaction, the Equity Purchase Agreement (EPA) or the various agreements (including a Transition Services Agreement (TSA) and Manufacturing and Supply Agreement (MSA)) that we entered into with Vantive in connection with the Kidney Care closing and liabilities and obligations otherwise related to the transaction; exposures related to certain pre-closing Kidney Care liabilities we retained; adverse tax consequences or changes in tax laws or regulations that could affect our remaining businesses; regulatory actions or investigations related to the transaction or the businesses involved; and negative reactions from the financial markets, ratings agencies, customers, employees, other personnel or other stakeholders. We have also incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenses in connection with the sale of our Kidney Care business. For example, we will continue to incur the costs of providing transition services, products and product components to Vantive under the relevant agreements (including the TSA and the MSA) and other stranded costs that we will no longer be able to share with the Kidney Care business and which we may not be able to fully offset. Such expenses have been significant. In addition, the anticipated benefits of the sale are based on a number of assumptions, some of which may prove incorrect, and we cannot predict with certainty when the expected benefits will occur, or the extent to which they will be achieved. As a result, even with the completed sale of the Kidney Care business, we may not achieve all of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits in the expected timeframe, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, we acquired Hillrom in 2021 and continue to work to fully integrate it into our business. Certain aspects of the integration have taken longer than originally anticipated. This has resulted in, and may continue to result in, additional expenses and other challenges as we work to complete the integration, including with respect to consolidating certain operations and functions and integrating technology systems. Failure to complete the integration could further reduce the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. In addition to the transactions referenced above, other strategic transactions we have undertaken or strategic transactions we may undertake in the future could subject us to various risks and additional costs. Our significant indebtedness requires us to use a substantial amount of our cash flow for debt service and constrains our ability to pursue growth strategies and advance our R D capabilities. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $9.48 billion of indebtedness outstanding. While we repaid $3.81 billion of legacy indebtedness in 2025 (which repayment does not include $2.00 billion of indebtedness repaid with proceeds from a new notes offering), our significant level of indebtedness requires us to use a substantial 10 amount of our cash flow for debt service, which reduces funds available (under our credit facilities or otherwise) for investments in R D, capital expenditures, dividend payments, pension plan contributions, acquisitions, share repurchases and other activities, and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. See Risks Relating to Our Common Stock We recently decreased our quarterly dividend to $0.01 per share and cannot guarantee that we will increase the amount of dividends we pay, or that we will not cease paying dividends. Our level of indebtedness can also constrain our flexibility in pursuing other growth strategies and responding to unanticipated or adverse impacts on our business and operations. Further, our indebtedness may impact our ability to meet our other financial obligations, including our ability to make required contributions to our pension plans, which could lead to significant liability and reputational harm. In addition, until we achieve our stated net leverage target, our capital allocation activities and operational flexibility is limited. If we are unable to reach this target by the end of 2026 (including as a result of deterioration in our business), or if credit ratings agencies do not believe we are repaying our indebtedness promptly, they may further reduce our senior debt credit ratings. There is no guarantee we will be able to maintain our investment grade rating or prevent further downgrades, which could further increase our cost of borrowing funds in the future, negatively impact the terms of our financing arrangements and reduce our access to capital. Further, difficulties in, or the inability to, refinance our indebtedness, or to do so upon attractive terms, could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There is substantial competition in the product markets in which we operate and the risk of declining demand and pricing pressures could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We face substantial competition in all of our markets from international and domestic healthcare medical products and pharmaceutical companies and providers of all sizes, and these competitors often differ across our businesses. Competition is primarily focused on cost-effectiveness, price, service, product performance, technological innovation, clinical practices, and consistency of supply. Competition may increase further as additional companies begin to enter our markets, launch new products or modify their existing products to compete directly with ours. If our competitors respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, or we do not introduce new versions or upgrades to our product portfolio in response to those requirements, including due to constraints on our cash flows, our products may be less competitive and we may lose market share. If our competitors develop more effective or affordable products or achieve earlier patent protection or product commercialization than we do, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will likely be negatively affected. For example, innovations in technology and care delivery models could materially adversely affect the demand for and future pricing and sale of our products and services. Furthermore, if we are forced to reduce our prices due to increased competition, our business could become less profitable. Demand for our products and services, and our overall growth, depend in large part on overall demand and growth in the healthcare market. With the healthcare market s increased focus on asset and resource efficiency, as well as reimbursement constraints and competitive dynamics (including consolidation within healthcare systems, as discussed below in Continued consolidation in the health care industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing and access in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments ), we have seen margins for some of our products decline and they may continue to do so over time. Any decline or lower-than-expected growth in the markets (or portions thereof) in which we operate could diminish demand for our products and services, which may adversely affect our financial performance. For example, new clinical practices implemented after Hurricane Helene appear to have reset demand levels in our IV solutions business and negatively impacted sales of certain of our premix products. Further, the competitive pressures in our industry could cause us to lose market share unless we increase our commercial investments or reduce our prices, which could adversely impact our operating results. These factors, along with possible legislative, regulatory, macroeconomic and other developments, might result in significant shifts in market share among the industry s major participants, which include us, and could permanently reduce demand for certain of our products. These challenges have made demand forecasting more difficult, resulting in heightened inventory levels in certain portions of our business, and may continue to do so in the future. Accordingly, if we are unable to effectively differentiate ourselves from our competitors in terms of new products and diversification of our product portfolio, then our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 11 We may be unable to successfully introduce or monetize new and existing products or services or keep pace with changing consumer preferences and needs or advances in technology. We need to successfully introduce or monetize new and existing products and services to achieve our strategic business objectives. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to develop new products and services, that our new products and services will achieve commercial acceptance in the marketplace, or that we will be able to separately bill for new or existing services. In addition, difficulties in manufacturing or in obtaining or maintaining regulatory approvals have delayed, and may in the future delay or prohibit, the introduction of new products into the marketplace or our ability to maintain or upgrade existing products. We may not be able to obtain patent protection on our new products or be able to defend our intellectual property rights globally. See Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters If we are unable to protect or enforce our patents or other proprietary rights, or if we become subject to claims or litigation alleging infringement of the patents or other proprietary rights of others, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged. Warranty claims and service costs relating to certain of our new products have been, and might in the future be, greater than anticipated, and we might be required to devote significant resources to address any quality issues associated with our new products, which could reduce the resources available for future new product development. In addition, the introduction of new products and services might also cause customers to defer purchases of existing products or services. Our future financial performance will also depend, in part, on our ability to influence, anticipate, identify, and respond to changing consumer preferences and needs. We might not correctly anticipate or identify future trends in customer preferences or needs or might identify or react to them later than competitors do. In order to successfully introduce or monetize new and existing products and services, we must commit substantial funds and other resources to R D and other innovation initiatives, which ability may be negatively impacted by our current leverage levels. See Our significant indebtedness requires us to use a substantial amount of our cash flow for debt service and constrains our ability to pursue growth strategies and advance our R D capabilities above. Failure to successfully introduce new products or services in a cost-effective manner, or delays in customer purchasing decisions related to the evaluation of new products or services, could cause us to lose market share and could significantly adversely affect our business. Furthermore, product development requires substantial investment and there is inherent risk in the R D process. A successful product development process further depends on many other factors, including our ability to adapt to new technologies, demonstrate satisfactory clinical results, obtain the required regulatory approvals, and differentiate our products from those of our competitors. If we cannot successfully introduce new competitive products or adapt to changing technologies, our products may become obsolete and our net sales and profitability could suffer. We may not achieve our financial goals. We continue to evaluate and refine both our short- and long-term financial objectives, including our stated commitment to achieve certain net leverage targets and to fully offset the stranded costs related to the sale of our Kidney Care business. Our ability to achieve these objectives, as well as our ability to achieve savings from recent restructuring activities, depends, in part, on our ability to successfully innovate and deliver new products to market, realize the anticipated benefits of the Hillrom acquisition and Kidney Care sale (and related cost and revenue synergy targets), and implement our simplified operating model and manufacturing footprint, while we continue to optimize our product portfolio. Our ability to achieve these anticipated benefits also depends on factors over which we may have limited control, including competitive pressures and evolving regulatory requirements. We may fail to achieve our targeted financial results if we are unsuccessful in implementing our strategies or if our estimates or assumptions change or for other reasons. Our failure to achieve our financial goals could have a significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We have experienced disruptions in our supply chain . We have experienced significant challenges to our global supply chain in recent periods, including: production delays and interruptions; increased costs and shortages of raw materials and component parts (including resins and electromechanical devices); heightened inventory levels to reduce the risk of patient supply disruption and higher transportation and labor costs resulting from significant weather events (including Hurricane Helene), global pandemics (including COVID-19), and applicable government requirements; elevated inflation levels; and geopolitical events. 12 Due to the nature of our products and the geographic locations of our manufacturing, storage and distribution facilities, we may be more susceptible to increases in freight costs and other supply chain challenges than certain of our industry peers. We expect to experience some of these and other challenges related to our supply chain in future periods. These challenges, including the unavailability of certain raw materials and component parts, have also had a negative impact on our sales for certain product categories due to our inability to fully satisfy demand and may continue to have a negative impact on our sales in the future. Global economic conditions, including inflation, have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our operations. General global economic downturns and macroeconomic trends, including heightened inflation, capital markets volatility, interest rate and currency rate fluctuations, changes in monetary policy and economic slowdown or recession, have resulted in, and may continue to result in, unfavorable conditions that negatively affect demand for our products and exacerbate other risks described in this Risk Factors section that affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Both domestic and international markets have been experiencing significant inflationary pressures in recent years and inflation rates in the U.S., as well as in other countries in which we operate, are currently expected to continue at elevated levels for the near term. Further, current or worsening economic conditions may impact the ability of our customers (including governments) to pay for our products and services and the amount spent on healthcare generally, which could result in decreased demand for our products and services, a decline in cash flows, longer sales cycles, increased inventory levels, slower adoption of new technologies, and increased price competition. These conditions may also adversely affect certain of our suppliers, which could disrupt our ability to produce products. We continue to do business with foreign governments in certain countries that have experienced deterioration in credit and economic conditions. Liquidity issues in certain countries have resulted, and may continue to result, in delays in the collection of receivables and credit losses and may also impact the stability of the U.S. Dollar, Euro, Renminbi, or other currencies. We may not be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies and sustaining or improving operating expense reductions and may experience business disruptions and adverse tax consequences associated with restructuring initiatives. Portions of our business have been, and will be, the subject of various restructuring initiatives. For example, we recently divested our BPS and Kidney Care businesses. In addition, we are working to continue to simplify our operating model and manufacturing footprint. While we are undertaking these actions, as well as any future initiatives, with the goal of realizing potential efficiencies, we may not be successful in achieving the anticipated benefits we expect in full or at all. Further, such benefits might be realized later than expected, and the ongoing costs of implementing these measures might be greater than anticipated. If these measures are not successful or sustainable, we might undertake additional actions, which could result in future charges. Moreover, our ability to achieve our other business plans (including achieving our net leverage targets and improving our operating cash flows) might be adversely affected, and we could experience business disruptions, if our restructuring activities prove ineffective. These actions, the resulting costs, and potential delays or potential lower than anticipated benefits might also impact our foreign tax positions and might require us to record tax reserves against certain deferred tax assets in our international business. Continued consolidation in the health care industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing and access in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments. Numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators, and third-party payers to curb the rising cost of health care, and to increase access to care, have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power within many of the markets in which we sell our products. Additionally, a growing number of countries have instituted or are contemplating introducing regional or national tender processes driven primarily by price. In some cases, such processes may favor local companies to multinational companies like us. In other instances, multinational companies, including Baxter, are subject to a separate tender bidding process in which they compete only with each other and not with domestic companies. Further, in certain markets, the regulatory process through which new medical devices are approved may be faster and/or less burdensome for domestic companies compared to multinational companies. As the health care industry (including healthcare systems, distributors, manufacturers, providers, and insurers) consolidate or form strategic alliances and as new entrants emerge, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, which may result in increased pricing pressures, decreased average selling prices, and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments. We 13 expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide health care industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services and may adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our operating results and financial condition have fluctuated and may in the future continue to fluctuate. Our operating results and financial condition have, and may in the future, fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year for a number of reasons. Events, such as changes to our expectations, strategy or forecasts (including as a result of evolving global macroeconomic conditions or regulatory developments) or even a relatively small revenue shortfall or increase in supply chain or other costs which we are unable to offset, have, and may in the future, cause financial results for a period to be below our expectations or projections. As a result, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not necessarily meaningful, nor should they be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our operating results and financial condition are also subject to fluctuation from all of the risks described throughout this Risk Factor section. These fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and our stock price. Management transition creates uncertainties, and any difficulties we experience in managing such transitions, including attracting and retaining our key employees, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have recently experienced significant changes to our leadership team. For example, in July 2025, we announced the election of Andrew Hider as President and CEO and have announced other leadership transitions throughout the year. Any failure to successfully recruit or integrate new executives could adversely impact our ability to achieve our financial, operating, or strategic objectives and may lead to attrition among our senior management team and other key employees. Our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract, develop, retain, and engage key employees, including people in senior management, sales, marketing, information technology, and R D positions. Competition for top talent in the healthcare industry can be intense, especially for experienced management and technical and professional employees, which could increase costs associated with identifying, attracting, and retaining such individuals. Our ability to recruit, develop, retain, and engage such talent depends on a number of factors, including hiring practices of our competitors, compensation and benefits (as may be impacted by any financial performance challenges, including any related impact on outstanding equity awards), work location, work environment, the market s perception of our strategic initiatives and company performance, and industry economic conditions. Further, a lack of employee engagement could lead to loss of productivity and increased employee burnout, turnover, absenteeism, product quality incidents, and decreased customer and patient satisfaction. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and liquidity. We generate a meaningful portion of our net sales and profit outside the U.S. and currency exchange rates have been especially volatile in recent years. As a result, currency fluctuations have affected, and may continue to affect, the reported value of our assets and liabilities, as well as our cash flows and results of operations. We cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or our ability to mitigate these risks. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, additional volatility as a result of inflation and other macroeconomic factors, including in emerging market countries. We are also exposed to changes in interest rates, and our ability to access the money markets and capital markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, could be impeded if market conditions are not favorable. For example, the Federal Reserve in the U.S. and other central banks in various countries have raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation, which, coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, has had, and may continue to have, the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. Interest rate increases or other government actions taken to reduce inflation have resulted in, and may continue to result in, recessionary pressures in many parts of the world. For more information see Financial Instrument Market Risk in Item 7. Management's Discussion of Analysis and Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Future material impairments in the value of our goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets would negatively affect our operating results. We regularly review our goodwill, intangible assets, and property, plant and equipment for potential impairment. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to impairment reviews on an annual basis or whenever 14 potential impairment indicators are present. Intangible assets subject to amortization and property, plant and equipment are reviewed for potential impairment when there is an indication that an impairment may have occurred. Impairment testing involves estimates and significant judgments by management. Adverse changes to macroeconomic conditions or our earnings forecasts, as well as changes in our strategic goals or business direction, have led to, and could in the future lead to, impairment charges. In addition, we may, from time to time, pursue the sale of assets that we determine are not critical to our strategy and may acquire other assets in the interest of further optimizing our portfolio. Such transactions (including with respect to the acquisition of Hillrom in 2021) have resulted in, and could in the future result in, impairment charges if the estimated fair value of the assets, less costs to sell, is less than their related carrying amount. Material impairment charges would negatively affect our results of operations. For more information on the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, see Critical Accounting Policies in Item 7. Management's Discussion of Analysis and Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Relating to Our Operations Segments of our business are significantly dependent on major contracts with GPOs, IDNs, and certain other distributors and purchasers. A portion of our U.S. hospital sales and rentals are made pursuant to contracts with hospital GPOs. At any given time, we are typically at various stages of responding to bids, negotiating, and renewing expiring GPO agreements, some of which contain failure to supply clauses with varying remedies, inclusive of limited termination rights. Failure to be awarded or to maintain certain of these agreements could have a significant adverse effect on our business, including lost product sales and service and rental revenue. In addition, we have faced and continue to face challenges related to increasing costs associated with these agreements (including as a result of supply chain challenges and inflation), which have negatively impacted our revenues and may continue to do so in the future. Our participation in these agreements often requires increased discounting or restrictions on our ability to raise prices, and failure to participate in or to be awarded these agreements might result in a reduction of sales to the member hospitals. In addition, in recent years, select market participants have shown an increased focus on individual GPO members negotiating directly with manufacturers on committed contracts. IDNs and health systems, when negotiating directly with manufacturers, often request additional discounts or other enhancements, such as most-favored-nation clauses. Further, certain other distributors and purchasers have similar processes to the GPOs and IDNs and failure to be included in agreements with these other purchasers could have a significant adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or for a cost-effective price. The manufacture of our products requires, among other things, the timely supply or delivery of sufficient amounts of quality components and raw materials. We acquire our components, raw materials, and other requirements for manufacturing from many suppliers and vendors in various countries, including sometimes from ourselves for self-supplied requirements. In certain instances, we use a single source or supplier or there is only a sole source or supplier. In the event of a disruption or termination of the supply of these components, establishing additional or replacement suppliers for such materials or components may not be timely or cost-effective due to market constraints or regulatory requirements or may involve a lengthy and complex approval process from FDA and other worldwide regulatory agencies. In addition, in 2025, the current administration took various actions to freeze or reduce the federal workforce. This has resulted and could, in the event of similar actions in the future, create delays in gaining approval of materials and components. As a result, we may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products, which could lead to lost sales, loss of market share, and harm to our reputation. Our reliance on sole source suppliers may also lead to increased costs. If we are unable to pass these cost increases on to our customers, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Additionally, our success depends upon the availability and quality of our products and the underlying raw materials and component parts. We have faced, and may in the future face, difficulties obtaining supplies of key materials, such as electromechanical components, active ingredients for pharmaceuticals and resins, due to supply chain disruptions and global pandemics (including COVID-19). Further, we may also have difficulty sourcing component parts that are no longer manufactured or are in limited supply. In addition, the medical products and pharmaceutical industries are competitive and subject to complex market dynamics and varying demand levels. These levels vary in 15 response to economic conditions, regulatory requirements, seasonality, natural disasters, wars, acts of terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, and other matters. Significant increases in the cost of raw materials, sub-assemblies, or materials used in the production of our products that cannot be recovered through increased prices of our products (or the unavailability of those raw materials, sub-assemblies, or materials) have adversely affected our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows and may continue to do so in the future. There can be no assurance that the marketplace will support higher prices or that any related price increase will fully offset any commodity cost increases in the future. From time to time, we enter into fixed price supply contracts with respect to raw material purchases. Future decisions not to enter into fixed price supply contracts may result in increased cost volatility, potentially adversely impacting our profitability. We may experience manufacturing, sterilization, supply, or distribution difficulties. As of December 31, 2025, we manufacture our products at various facilities globally. Many of our products are difficult to manufacture due to the complex nature of manufacturing devices and pharmaceuticals, including biologics, as well as the strict regulatory regime governing our manufacturing operations. Variations in the manufacturing process may result in production failures, which could lead to launch delays, product shortage, unanticipated costs, lost revenues, and damage to our reputation. A failure to identify and address manufacturing problems prior to the release of products to our customers has resulted in, and in the future may result in, quality or safety issues of the type discussed in the Risk Factors section. We rely heavily on a limited number of providers of transport services for reliable and secure point-to-point transport of our products to our customers and patients and for tracking of these shipments, and from time to time we require warehousing for our products. If any of these providers were to encounter delivery performance issues, such as loss, damage, or destruction of any systems or machines, it would be costly to replace such systems or machines in a timely manner and such occurrences may damage our reputation and lead to decreased demand for our products and increased cost and expense to our business. In addition, we are in the process of implementing various restructuring initiatives, including to reduce our manufacturing footprint, which may impact our supply chain and the availability of products. Such supply chain issues could also prevent us from satisfying obligations under one or more of our customer contracts or arrangements, which could result in significant failure to supply penalties, which in some instances include limited contract termination rights or may prevent us from participating in future tenders. Moreover, changes in regulation, world trade policies, international taxes and government-to-government relations and issues with export and import activities could negatively impact our ability to distribute products within a country and across countries. See Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters. In addition, volatility in the demand for our products or our costs of energy, transportation, freight, raw materials and component parts, and other supply, manufacturing, distribution and warehousing, or storage costs have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows and have prevented, and may continue to prevent, suppliers from providing goods and services to us on reasonable terms or at all. See also Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Financial Performance We have experienced disruptions in our supply chain. Some of our products are manufactured at a single manufacturing facility or stored at a single storage site. Additionally, some of our manufacturing facilities are located in the same geographic area. Loss or damage to, or closure of, a manufacturing facility or storage site due to a natural disaster (such as we experienced at our North Cove facility as a result of Hurricane Helene), war, acts of terrorism, pandemics (including COVID 19) or otherwise has adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our ability to manufacture sufficient quantities of key products or deliver products to meet customer demand or contractual requirements, which has resulted, and may in the future result, in a loss of revenue and other adverse business consequences, including those identified in the paragraphs above. We may be unable to transfer manufacturing of the relevant products to another facility or location in a cost-effective or timely manner, if at all, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In addition, several of our manufacturing facilities are leased and we may not be able to renew leases on favorable terms or at all. Because of the time required to approve and license a manufacturing facility, a third-party manufacturer may not be available on a timely basis (if at all) to replace production capacity in the event we lose manufacturing capacity or products are otherwise unavailable. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 16 Some of our products require sterilization prior to sale or distribution, and we utilize both Baxter-owned and third-party facilities for this process. If an event occurs that results in damage to or closure, whether temporarily or permanent, of one or more of these facilities, we may be unable to manufacture or sterilize the relevant products at prior levels or at all, and a third party may not be available on a timely basis (if at all) to replace sterilization capacity. These and other events or disruptions of manufacturing or sterilization processes that we or third parties may experience, whether due to a lack of capacity, environmental, regulatory or compliance issues (including evolving regulatory requirements), catastrophic events or otherwise, have resulted in, and could in the future result in, product shortage, unanticipated costs, loss of revenues, operational restrictions, additional capital expenditure requirements, litigation, and damage to our reputation, all of which could have a significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have experienced and may continue to experience issues with quality management or product quality. The development of new or enhanced products involves a lengthy regulatory process and is capital intensive. As a result, our ability to match our production levels and capacity to market demand is imprecise and may result in a failure to meet market demand or satisfy customer requirements for our products or, alternatively, an oversupply of inventory. Failure to meet market demand may result in customers transitioning to available competitive products, loss of market share, negative publicity, reputational damage, loss of customer confidence, or other negative consequences (including a decline in stock price). Our success also depends on our ability to maintain and routinely improve product quality and our quality management program. Quality management plays an essential role in helping to meet customer requirements, prevent defects, improve our products and services, and assure the safety and efficacy of our products. While we have a quality system that covers the lifecycle of our products, quality and safety issues have occurred, and may in the future occur, with respect to our products. For example, as discussed under the caption Novum IQ Large Volume Pump (Novum LVP) in Item 7. Management's Discussion of Analysis and Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in 2025, we initiated a series of voluntary corrections for the Novum LVP and have implemented a voluntary ship and installation hold in the U.S. and Canada, which remains ongoing. New or unintended uses of our products may also raise quality or safety issues. In addition, our customers use of third parties to service or repair our products has caused, and may in the future cause, quality or safety issues, including due to such third parties lack of knowledge of or training on our products. A quality or safety issue has resulted in, and may in the future result in one or more of the following: product recalls (either voluntary or required by FDA or similar governmental authorities in other countries); adverse regulatory site inspections and/or inspectional classifications; warning letters; other regulatory actions; import bans; seizures; injunctions; monetary sanctions; civil or criminal sanctions (which may include corporate integrity agreements); costly litigation; refusal of a government to grant clearances, approvals, and/or licenses; restrictions on operations; or withdrawal of existing approvals and licenses. See Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters. An inability to address a quality or safety issue in an effective and timely manner has caused, and may in the future cause, negative publicity, potentially leading to a loss of customer confidence in us or our current or future products, which may result in the loss of sales and difficulty in successfully launching new products. Additionally, we have made, and could in the future make, significant investments in assets, including inventory and property, plant and equipment, which relate to potential new products or modifications to existing products. Product quality or safety issues have restricted, and may in the future restrict, us from being able to realize the expected returns from certain of these investments, potentially resulting in asset impairments in the future. Unaffiliated third-party suppliers provide a number of goods and services to our R D, clinical, and manufacturing organizations, many of whom do so on a spot basis and not pursuant to a contractual arrangement. Our ability to receive goods or services at all, or on reasonable financial terms, from these third parties will be impacted if they are unable or refuse to supply or service us. Additionally, we have certain contractual commitments requiring us, in some circumstances, to purchase specified amounts of product from suppliers, which amounts may be in excess of the ultimate customer demand. Moreover, we may have limited or no recourse if the goods or services are not subject to broader contractual terms that provide remedies or performance obligations. Additionally, we have certain contractual commitments requiring us, in some circumstances, to purchase specified amounts of finished product, raw materials, component parts, or other production inputs from suppliers, which amounts may be in excess of the ultimate customer demand.. Additionally, third-party suppliers are required to comply with our quality standards and those of applicable regulatory bodies. Failure of a third-party supplier to provide compliant raw materials, component parts, or supplies, give us adequate notice of issues, or help us secure all required regulatory 17 approvals for the use of their products or services has resulted in delays, service interruptions, and quality-related issues, and may do so again in the future, and may negatively impact our business results and results of operations. We may experience breaches and breakdowns affecting our information technology systems or protected information, including from obsolescence, cyber security breaches and data leakage. We rely upon information technology systems (IT systems) and infrastructure, including services provided by our partners and third parties, to support our business, facilities, operations, product development, products, and services. We also routinely rely on technology systems and infrastructure in the collection, use, storage and transfer, disclosure, and other processing of voluminous amounts of protected information, including personal data, protected health information, and sensitive data (of patients, employees, customers, and third parties) as well as internal confidential information (collectively, Protected Information). Our IT systems and Technology are vulnerable to breakdown, interruption, cyber and other security attacks, system malfunction, unauthorized access, inadvertent exposure or disclosure of information, theft, and other events and, at times, requires the manual application of security upgrades or patches on each machine or device that utilizes the Technology. Third-party systems and solutions that we rely on are also vulnerable to the same risks and may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could result in system disruption or compromise the information security of our own systems, products, and services. Security threats, including cyber and other attacks, have become very sophisticated, frequent, and adaptive. The adversarial use of AI also poses unique challenges and may impact real-time detection capabilities and containment efforts. In addition, we are at risk of our third-party service providers sustaining such attacks, which may impact our products, services, and operations. Further, we expect that the breadth and complexity of our information and technology systems and infrastructure will increase as we work to expand our product offerings to utilize and generate data analytics and potentially AI (which create emerging enterprise risks, including cybersecurity, monitoring, and oversight). See Risks Relating to Our Operations We are exposed to risks associated with incorporating AI, machine learning and other emerging technologies into our products, services and operations . The continuing evolution of technology we use, including cloud-based computing, open-source software, data hosting, AI, and reliance on third parties and Software as a Service (Saas) solutions, whom may also use open-source software, cloud-based computing, data hosting, or AI tools, create additional opportunities for the unintentional, intentional, unauthorized or unlawful disclosure, exposure, dissemination, loss, alteration, access or destruction of Protected Information stored or processed in our devices, systems, servers, infrastructure, and products (collectively, Technology), and those of our Saas providers and third party service providers. Additionally, certain of our products and systems collect Protected Information regarding customers, partners, patients and their therapies, and are internet enabled and connect to our systems, hospital networks, electronic medical record systems, or electronic health record systems, and are subject to the same risks, and could impact patient safety and lead to field actions or product recalls. We, like other global companies, have experienced cyber incidents in the past (including ones related to the unauthorized access to or disclosure of data and to certain of our third-party service providers), and may experience them in the future. These events have exposed and may continue to expose vulnerabilities in our information technology systems, and could expose Protected Information to unauthorized third parties and/or cause temporary or loss or unavailability of such information. While we continue to invest in improvements to our IT systems, there is no assurance that our investments have prevented or will prevent future breakdowns, attacks or breaches in our Technology, or cyber incidents. We could also suffer strained relationships with customers, business partners, physicians and other healthcare professionals, increased costs, litigation or other negative consequences as a result of such cyber incidents. The insurance we have procured related to cybersecurity risks may not cover a particular cyber incident or such coverage may be insufficient. Additionally, our ongoing integration of Hillrom and the sale of our Kidney Care business, as well as a number of our employees having fully remote or hybrid work arrangements expose us to, among other things, heightened risks related to our information technology systems and networks, including cyber attacks, computer viruses, malicious software, security breaches and telecommunication failures, both for systems and networks we control directly and for those that employees and third-party developers rely on to work remotely. We also face all of the same risks listed above and other heightened risks when acquiring a company, in particular if we need to transition or implement certain processes or controls with the acquired company. We are also subject to similar risks associated with the continued support for Vantive s information technology systems, through the transitional services period in the Vantive TSA, which could lead to breaches, disruption, interruptions and impact our financial condition or lead to reputational harm, litigation, and operational disruption. 18 We are exposed to risks associated with incorporating AI, machine learning and other emerging technologies into our products, services and operations. We use both internally developed and third party-provided AI and machine learning (ML) technologies to support our functions and operations (including Generative AI tools) and anticipate integrating such technology in select products and services in the future (consistent with our internal AI-related governance procedures and policies). We further anticipate that AI and ML will become increasingly important to our innovation and competitiveness in the future. However, we face risks and uncertainties related to the development, adoption and use of AI, ML and other emerging technologies. Additionally, our internal AI-related policies may not be effective in managing AI use and reducing inherent risks associated with the use of AI, including but not limited to AI-specific cybersecurity risks. We may not be able to successfully develop, integrate or deploy AI technologies in our products and services, or we may face delays, increased costs or technical difficulties in doing so. We may also encounter difficulties in obtaining or maintaining the necessary regulatory approvals or clearances for these products and services, or face increased scrutiny or liability from regulators, customers, or other stakeholders regarding the safety, effectiveness, accuracy, reliability, security or ethical implications of such technology. We also may have more difficulty protecting or enforcing our regulated personal data, confidential data, and intellectual property rights as a result of these technologies, and there may be a risk of data leakage or infringing on the intellectual property or data rights of others which could lead to regulatory action, or litigation, arbitration or other disputes over the ownership, validity, scope or enforcement of our or others patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other proprietary rights. Such disputes could be costly, time-consuming and disruptive to our business. See Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters If we are unable to protect or enforce our patents or other proprietary rights, or if we become subject to claims or litigation alleging infringement of the patents or other proprietary rights of others, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged . We are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. Our operations are subject to risks inherent in conducting business globally and under the laws, regulations and customs of various jurisdictions and geographies. These risks include changes in exchange controls and other governmental actions, loss of business in government and public tenders that are held annually in many cases, increasingly complex labor environments, availability of raw materials and component parts, changes in taxation, tariffs, sanctions, embargos, export control restrictions, changes in or violations of U.S. or local laws, dependence on a few government entities as customers, pricing restrictions, economic and political instability, monetary or currency volatility or instability (including as it relates to the U.S. Dollar, the Euro, the Mexican Peso, and currencies in emerging market countries), disputes between countries, trade relationships and conflicts, diminished or insufficient protection of intellectual property, and disruption or destruction of operations in a significant geographic region regardless of cause, including natural disaster, pandemic, power loss, cyber-attack, data breach, war, terrorism, riot, labor disruption, civil insurrection, or social unrest. Failure to comply with, or material changes to, the laws and regulations that affect our global operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The escalating global economic competition and trade tensions among the U.S. and its trading partners could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and there is risk of additional tariffs and other kinds of restrictions, including in connection with the transition to new political administrations. In addition, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, to determine the effects of importing pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical ingredients and medical devices on national security. This investigation may lead to the imposition of tariffs on pharmaceutical imports, consistent with the current U.S. administration's stated policy objective of reshoring pharmaceutical manufacturing to the U.S. Tariff exclusions awarded to us by the U.S. Government require annual renewal, and policies for granting exclusions could shift. The U.S. and other countries could impose other types of restrictions such as limitations on government procurement or technology export restrictions, which could affect our access to the markets. See also Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters We are subject to laws and regulations globally, and our failure to comply with rapidly changing and increasingly divergent expectations of regulators in different jurisdictions could adversely impact the company. More generally, several governments have raised the possibility of policies to induce re-shoring of supply chains, less reliance on imported supplies and greater national production. If such steps triggered retaliation in other markets, such as by restricting access to foreign products by their government-owned healthcare systems, the outcomes could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 19 A portion of our workforce is unionized, and we could face labor disruptions that would interfere with our operations. Some of our employees both in and outside of the U.S. work under collective bargaining agreements or national trade union agreements or are subject to works councils. Significant work stoppages as a result of labor disagreements may occur in the future, including as a result of any failure to maintain the collective bargaining agreements we have in place for one of our U.S. manufacturing facilities (which are scheduled to expire in January 2027 and January 2029). Our inability to negotiate satisfactory new agreements or a labor disturbance at any of our manufacturing facilities could have a significant adverse effect on our operations. The effects of climate change, including legal, regulatory, or market measures related to climate change and other sustainability topics, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict and may be widespread. Climate change has increased, and in the future may continue to increase, physical risks (such as water scarcity, rising sea levels, or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions, including natural disasters such as hurricanes, cyclones, and typhoons), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (including due to changes in regulation, technology, or stakeholder expectations), shifts in market trends (for example if customers increasingly prioritize purchasing products that can be reused or recycled or have a lower perceived carbon footprint). Impacts of climate change have included and may in the future include, damage to manufacturing facilities (including as a result of Hurricane Helene), disruption to local infrastructure and utilities, loss of sales, and interruption to our supply chain and manufacturing operations by adversely affecting our ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require due to impairment of the availability and increases in the cost of certain products, materials, commodities, and energy. For example, material or sustained increases in the price of oil have had an adverse impact on the cost of many of the plastic materials or resins we use to make and package our products, as well as our transportation/freight costs. Further, the impacts of climate change, particularly severe weather events and droughts, have negatively impacted, and may in the future negatively impact, our ability to obtain material energy and water sources and other resources, including employee availability and access to shipping routes. Any of these outcomes could result in customers transitioning to available competitive products, loss of market share, negative publicity, reputational damage, loss of customer confidence, or other negative consequences, such as a decline in stock price. Further, any perceived increase in the potential of severe weather events and business interruption may put an upward pressure on the cost of our risk insurance premiums, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In addition, new or expanded local, state, regional, federal, and global legal and regulatory requirements relating to climate change and other sustainability topics have been proposed or adopted in recent years and may continue to emerge in the future. As a result of these developments, we may experience disruptions in or increases in the costs associated with R D, sourcing, manufacturing, distributing, and end of life of our products. These requirements continue to evolve, and jurisdictions in which we operate may adopt additional laws and regulations on such topics or may continue to change their enforcement of existing laws and regulations. Additionally, as local, state, regional, federal, and global legal and regulatory requirements relating to climate change and other sustainability topics continue to evolve, they may create inconsistent or conflicting obligations that have led to, and could continue to lead to, increased compliance costs, and regulatory uncertainty for us, our suppliers, and customers, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. If we or our suppliers are unable or unwilling to comply with regulatory sustainability requirements, we may experience an adverse impact on our ability to manufacture or supply certain products as well as increased costs and interruptions in the supply chain. We could be subject to litigation, substantial fines, and other damages if we fail to comply with related risk assessment requirements, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, companies across all industries are facing continued scrutiny from investors, regulators, and other stakeholders related to their sustainability and corporate responsibility commitments, performance, and disclosures. See Risks Relating to Our Operations Our commitments, goals, activities, and disclosures related to sustainability and corporate responsibility matters, and the perception of our activities in these areas, may fail to satisfy the differing expectations of key stakeholders on these matters. 20 Our commitments, goals, activities, and disclosures related to sustainability and corporate responsibility matters, and the perception of our activities in these areas, may fail to satisfy the differing expectations of key stakeholders on these matters. Governmental authorities, investors, customers, employees, certain institutional investors, lenders, and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on sustainability and corporate responsibility commitments, practices, performance and disclosures. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to achieve any sustainability and corporate responsibility goals or maintain any commitments or practices we have publicly announced in the past or that we may announce in the future, including due to rapidly changing regulatory, technological, scientific, and market developments that are outside of our control. We risk experiencing negative stockholder reaction, as well as damage to our brand and reputation and other potential costs, if we fail to (or are perceived to fail to) maintain and satisfy our goals, commitments, and other sustainability and corporate responsibility efforts, if we fail to accurately measure or report our progress with respect to our goals and initiatives or if we are perceived to not be acting responsibly in key sustainability and corporate responsibility areas. Responding to these sustainability and corporate responsibility considerations and implementation of our related goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments (some of which still need to be funded or identified), and depends in part on our relative performance (or perceived performance) against third-parties that is beyond our control. Additionally, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their respective approaches to sustainability and corporate responsibility matters, which are employed by investors, lenders, and customers to inform their investment, financing, or purchasing decisions. A failure to adequately meet stakeholder expectations, which may differ or conflict, may result in the loss of business, reputational impacts, diluted market valuation, an inability to attract customers, and an inability to attract and retain talent. Furthermore, stakeholder expectations related to key sustainability and corporate responsibility topics continue to diverge across the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our stakeholders may have conflicting views on our goals, commitments, and initiatives with one another. If we fail to satisfy the differing and evolving sustainability and corporate responsibility expectations of our investors, customers, employees, and other stakeholders, we could experience reduced demand for our products, loss of customers and employees, and suffer other negative impacts to our business, reputation, and results of operations. Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters We are subject to laws and regulations globally, and our failure to comply with rapidly changing and increasingly divergent expectations of regulators in different jurisdictions could adversely impact the company. As a participant in the healthcare industry, our operations and products, and those of our customers, are regulated by numerous government agencies, both inside and outside the U.S. Laws and regulations, such as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the Healthcare Reform Act), aim to decrease costs through comparative effectiveness research and pilot programs to evaluate alternative payment methodologies. Compliance with these and similar regulations could result in pricing pressure or negatively impact the demand for our products. In a number of situations, even though specific laws and regulations may not directly apply to us, our products must be capable of being used by our customers in a manner that complies with those laws and regulations. The manufacture, distribution, marketing, and use of our products are subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny by FDA and other regulatory authorities globally, and such regulations require that we obtain specific approval, clearance, or certifications from FDA or applicable non-U.S. regulatory authorities or notified bodies before we can market and sell most of our products in a particular country. Failure to obtain or maintain those approvals, clearances, or certifications have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on our business, including with respect to our ability to compete in the product markets in which we currently operate. Specific new products must undergo lengthy and rigorous testing and other extensive, costly, and time-consuming procedures mandated by FDA and foreign regulatory authorities. The same testing and procedures sometimes apply to our products that require authorization or renewal or are subject to changes in laws or regulations. For example, our medical devices that are sold or distributed in the EU have to comply with the EU Medical Device Regulation that entered into force in May 2021. The EU Medical Device Regulation currently provides a staggered phase-in period for manufacturers to comply with related regulations through December 2028. The regulation also requires companies that wish to manufacture and distribute medical devices in EU member states to meet certain quality system and safety 21 requirements and ongoing product monitoring responsibilities and obtain a CE marking (i.e., a mandatory conformity marking for certain products sold within the European Economic Area (EEA)) for their products. Various penalties exist for non-compliance with the EU Medical Device Regulation which, if incurred, could have a material adverse impact on portions of our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Changes to current products may be subject to vigorous review, including FDA 510(k) and other regulatory submissions, and marketing authorization or the time needed to secure approvals are not certain. We may not be able to obtain such approvals on the timing or conditions we expect, or at all. Our facilities must be registered, approved, and/or licensed prior to production and remain subject to inspection from time to time thereafter. Failure to comply with the requirements of FDA or other regulatory autho