=== BAX_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, stockholders or prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors for a description of the principal risks that we face. If any of the events described below occurs, our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, future growth prospects, reputation or stock price could suffer. Further, other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have significant adverse effects on our future results. Risk Factors Summary This summary of risks below is intended to provide an overview of the risks we face and should not be considered a substitute for the more detailed risk factors discussed immediately following this summary. Risks Relating to Our Business and Financial Performance • We are exposed to risks as a result of our strategic actions. • We may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our significant transactions, including the sale of our Kidney Care business and our acquisition of Hillrom. • Our significant indebtedness requires us to use a substantial amount of our cash flow for debt service and constrains our ability to pursue growth strategies and advance our R&D capabilities. • There is substantial competition in the product markets in which we operate and the risk of declining demand and pricing pressures could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. • We may be unable to successfully introduce or monetize new and existing products or services or keep pace with changing consumer preferences and needs or advances in technology. • We may not achieve our financial goals. • We have experienced disruptions in our supply chain. • Global economic conditions, including inflation, have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our operations. • We may not be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies and sustaining or improving operating expense reductions. • Continued consolidation in the health care industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing and access in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments. • Our operating results and financial condition have fluctuated and may in the future continue to fluctuate. • Management transition creates uncertainties, and we may experience difficulties in managing such transitions, including attracting and retaining key employees. • Changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and liquidity. • Future material impairments in the value of our goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets would negatively affect our operating results. Risks Relating to Our Operations • Segments of our business are significantly dependent on major contracts with GPOs, IDNs, and certain other distributors and purchasers. • We may be unable to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or for a cost-effective price. 8 • We may experience manufacturing, sterilization, supply, or distribution difficulties. • We have experienced and may continue to experience issues with quality management or product quality. • We may experience breaches and breakdowns affecting our information technology systems or protected information, including from obsolescence, cyber security breaches and data leakage. • We are exposed to risks associated with incorporating AI, machine learning and other emerging technologies into our products, services and operations. • We are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. • A portion of our workforce is unionized, and we could face labor disruptions that would interfere with our operations. • The effects of climate change, including legal, regulatory, or market measures related to climate change and other sustainability topics, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. • Our commitments, goals, activities, and disclosures related to sustainability and corporate responsibility matters, and the perception of our activities in these areas, may fail to satisfy the differing expectations of key stakeholders on these matters. Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters • We are subject to laws and regulations globally, and our failure to comply with rapidly changing and increasingly divergent expectations of regulators in different jurisdictions could adversely impact the company. • If reimbursement or other payment for our current or future products is reduced or modified in the U.S. or in foreign countries, or there are changes to policies with respect to pricing, taxation, or rebates, our business could suffer. • Increasing regulatory focus on, and expanding laws relating to, privacy, AI, and cybersecurity could impact our business and expose us to increased liability. • We are party to a number of pending lawsuits and other disputes which may adversely impact us. • We could be subject to fines or damages and possible exclusion from participation in federal or state healthcare programs if we fail to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our business. • If we are unable to protect or enforce our patents or other proprietary rights, or if we become subject to claims or litigation alleging infringement of the patents or other proprietary rights of others, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged. • We may incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax liabilities. • Our Amended and Restated Bylaws could limit our stockholders’ ability to choose their preferred judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. Risks Related to Our Common Stock • We recently decreased our quarterly dividend to $0.01 per share and cannot guarantee that we will increase the amount of dividends we pay, or that we will not cease paying dividends. • Our common stock price has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so. 9 Risks Relating to Our Business and Financial Performance We are exposed to risks as a result of our strategic actions. Our businesses have faced, and will continue to face, challenges in connection with strategic actions we have undertaken, including the divestitures of our Kidney Care business and our BPS business, the acquisition of Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (Hillrom), and the ongoing implementation of a simplified operating model and manufacturing footprint. These actions have entailed significant changes across our organizational structure and functional areas and have led to select market exits and may lead to additional market exits as we continue to optimize our portfolio. Today, we are a smaller, less diversified company, with more limited and concentrated businesses, which may leave us more vulnerable to changing market conditions and increased volatility in our financial performance. We may also continue to experience diversion of management attention and the loss of experienced leaders with institutional knowledge. Further, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, disputes with buyers of businesses we have divested, or may divest in the future. In addition, we have yet to achieve our net leverage targets. As a result, as discussed further below, our cash resources may be constrained and our ability to pursue growth initiatives may be limited, which could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. We may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our significant transactions, including the sale of our Kidney Care business and our acquisition of Hillrom. We have undertaken several significant transactions, including the sale of our Kidney Care business and our acquisition of Hillrom, and we may fail to achieve the anticipated benefits of these transactions. As part of our strategy to realign our product portfolio, we sold our Kidney Care business in January 2025. While the sale allowed us to repay some of our outstanding indebtedness, as discussed in “Liquidity and Capital Resources” in Item 7. Management's Discussion of Analysis and Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Note 5 in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and achieve related interest expense savings, the complexity of separating the Kidney Care business resulted in various challenges. In addition, we may be subject to other potential risks in connection with the transaction, including the following: disputes or litigation with Carlyle or Vantive, as applicable, arising from the transaction, the Equity Purchase Agreement (EPA) or the various agreements (including a Transition Services Agreement (TSA) and Manufacturing and Supply Agreement (MSA)) that we entered into with Vantive in connection with the Kidney Care closing and liabilities and obligations otherwise related to the transaction; exposures related to certain pre-closing Kidney Care liabilities we retained; adverse tax consequences or changes in tax laws or regulations that could affect our remaining businesses; regulatory actions or investigations related to the transaction or the businesses involved; and negative reactions from the financial markets, ratings agencies, customers, employees, other personnel or other stakeholders. We have also incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenses in connection with the sale of our Kidney Care business. For example, we will continue to incur the costs of providing transition services, products and product components to Vantive under the relevant agreements (including the TSA and the MSA) and other stranded costs that we will no longer be able to share with the Kidney Care business and which we may not be able to fully offset. Such expenses have been significant. In addition, the anticipated benefits of the sale are based on a number of assumptions, some of which may prove incorrect, and we cannot predict with certainty when the expected benefits will occur, or the extent to which they will be achieved. As a result, even with the completed sale of the Kidney Care business, we may not achieve all of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits in the expected timeframe, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, we acquired Hillrom in 2021 and continue to work to fully integrate it into our business. Certain aspects of the integration have taken longer than originally anticipated. This has resulted in, and may continue to result in, additional expenses and other challenges as we work to complete the integration, including with respect to consolidating certain operations and functions and integrating technology systems. Failure to complete the integration could further reduce the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. In addition to the transactions referenced above, other strategic transactions we have undertaken or strategic transactions we may undertake in the future could subject us to various risks and additional costs. Our significant indebtedness requires us to use a substantial amount of our cash flow for debt service and constrains our ability to pursue growth strategies and advance our R&D capabilities. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $9.48 billion of indebtedness outstanding. While we repaid $3.81 billion of legacy indebtedness in 2025 (which repayment does not include $2.00 billion of indebtedness repaid with proceeds from a new notes offering), our significant level of indebtedness requires us to use a substantial 10 amount of our cash flow for debt service, which reduces funds available (under our credit facilities or otherwise) for investments in R&D, capital expenditures, dividend payments, pension plan contributions, acquisitions, share repurchases and other activities, and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. See “Risks Relating to Our Common Stock—We recently decreased our quarterly dividend to $0.01 per share and cannot guarantee that we will increase the amount of dividends we pay, or that we will not cease paying dividends.” Our level of indebtedness can also constrain our flexibility in pursuing other growth strategies and responding to unanticipated or adverse impacts on our business and operations. Further, our indebtedness may impact our ability to meet our other financial obligations, including our ability to make required contributions to our pension plans, which could lead to significant liability and reputational harm. In addition, until we achieve our stated net leverage target, our capital allocation activities and operational flexibility is limited. If we are unable to reach this target by the end of 2026 (including as a result of deterioration in our business), or if credit ratings agencies do not believe we are repaying our indebtedness promptly, they may further reduce our senior debt credit ratings. There is no guarantee we will be able to maintain our investment grade rating or prevent further downgrades, which could further increase our cost of borrowing funds in the future, negatively impact the terms of our financing arrangements and reduce our access to capital. Further, difficulties in, or the inability to, refinance our indebtedness, or to do so upon attractive terms, could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There is substantial competition in the product markets in which we operate and the risk of declining demand and pricing pressures could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We face substantial competition in all of our markets from international and domestic healthcare medical products and pharmaceutical companies and providers of all sizes, and these competitors often differ across our businesses. Competition is primarily focused on cost-effectiveness, price, service, product performance, technological innovation, clinical practices, and consistency of supply. Competition may increase further as additional companies begin to enter our markets, launch new products or modify their existing products to compete directly with ours. If our competitors respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, or we do not introduce new versions or upgrades to our product portfolio in response to those requirements, including due to constraints on our cash flows, our products may be less competitive and we may lose market share. If our competitors develop more effective or affordable products or achieve earlier patent protection or product commercialization than we do, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will likely be negatively affected. For example, innovations in technology and care delivery models could materially adversely affect the demand for and future pricing and sale of our products and services. Furthermore, if we are forced to reduce our prices due to increased competition, our business could become less profitable. Demand for our products and services, and our overall growth, depend in large part on overall demand and growth in the healthcare market. With the healthcare market’s increased focus on asset and resource efficiency, as well as reimbursement constraints and competitive dynamics (including consolidation within healthcare systems, as discussed below in “Continued consolidation in the health care industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing and access in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments”), we have seen margins for some of our products decline and they may continue to do so over time. Any decline or lower-than-expected growth in the markets (or portions thereof) in which we operate could diminish demand for our products and services, which may adversely affect our financial performance. For example, new clinical practices implemented after Hurricane Helene appear to have reset demand levels in our IV solutions business and negatively impacted sales of certain of our premix products. Further, the competitive pressures in our industry could cause us to lose market share unless we increase our commercial investments or reduce our prices, which could adversely impact our operating results. These factors, along with possible legislative, regulatory, macroeconomic and other developments, might result in significant shifts in market share among the industry’s major participants, which include us, and could permanently reduce demand for certain of our products. These challenges have made demand forecasting more difficult, resulting in heightened inventory levels in certain portions of our business, and may continue to do so in the future. Accordingly, if we are unable to effectively differentiate ourselves from our competitors in terms of new products and diversification of our product portfolio, then our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 11 We may be unable to successfully introduce or monetize new and existing products or services or keep pace with changing consumer preferences and needs or advances in technology. We need to successfully introduce or monetize new and existing products and services to achieve our strategic business objectives. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to develop new products and services, that our new products and services will achieve commercial acceptance in the marketplace, or that we will be able to separately bill for new or existing services. In addition, difficulties in manufacturing or in obtaining or maintaining regulatory approvals have delayed, and may in the future delay or prohibit, the introduction of new products into the marketplace or our ability to maintain or upgrade existing products. We may not be able to obtain patent protection on our new products or be able to defend our intellectual property rights globally. See “Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters – If we are unable to protect or enforce our patents or other proprietary rights, or if we become subject to claims or litigation alleging infringement of the patents or other proprietary rights of others, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged.” Warranty claims and service costs relating to certain of our new products have been, and might in the future be, greater than anticipated, and we might be required to devote significant resources to address any quality issues associated with our new products, which could reduce the resources available for future new product development. In addition, the introduction of new products and services might also cause customers to defer purchases of existing products or services. Our future financial performance will also depend, in part, on our ability to influence, anticipate, identify, and respond to changing consumer preferences and needs. We might not correctly anticipate or identify future trends in customer preferences or needs or might identify or react to them later than competitors do. In order to successfully introduce or monetize new and existing products and services, we must commit substantial funds and other resources to R&D and other innovation initiatives, which ability may be negatively impacted by our current leverage levels. See “Our significant indebtedness requires us to use a substantial amount of our cash flow for debt service and constrains our ability to pursue growth strategies and advance our R&D capabilities” above. Failure to successfully introduce new products or services in a cost-effective manner, or delays in customer purchasing decisions related to the evaluation of new products or services, could cause us to lose market share and could significantly adversely affect our business. Furthermore, product development requires substantial investment and there is inherent risk in the R&D process. A successful product development process further depends on many other factors, including our ability to adapt to new technologies, demonstrate satisfactory clinical results, obtain the required regulatory approvals, and differentiate our products from those of our competitors. If we cannot successfully introduce new competitive products or adapt to changing technologies, our products may become obsolete and our net sales and profitability could suffer. We may not achieve our financial goals. We continue to evaluate and refine both our short- and long-term financial objectives, including our stated commitment to achieve certain net leverage targets and to fully offset the stranded costs related to the sale of our Kidney Care business. Our ability to achieve these objectives, as well as our ability to achieve savings from recent restructuring activities, depends, in part, on our ability to successfully innovate and deliver new products to market, realize the anticipated benefits of the Hillrom acquisition and Kidney Care sale (and related cost and revenue synergy targets), and implement our simplified operating model and manufacturing footprint, while we continue to optimize our product portfolio. Our ability to achieve these anticipated benefits also depends on factors over which we may have limited control, including competitive pressures and evolving regulatory requirements. We may fail to achieve our targeted financial results if we are unsuccessful in implementing our strategies or if our estimates or assumptions change or for other reasons. Our failure to achieve our financial goals could have a significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We have experienced disruptions in our supply chain . We have experienced significant challenges to our global supply chain in recent periods, including: • production delays and interruptions; • increased costs and shortages of raw materials and component parts (including resins and electromechanical devices); • heightened inventory levels to reduce the risk of patient supply disruption and higher transportation and labor costs resulting from significant weather events (including Hurricane Helene), global pandemics (including COVID-19), and applicable government requirements; • elevated inflation levels; and • geopolitical events. 12 Due to the nature of our products and the geographic locations of our manufacturing, storage and distribution facilities, we may be more susceptible to increases in freight costs and other supply chain challenges than certain of our industry peers. We expect to experience some of these and other challenges related to our supply chain in future periods. These challenges, including the unavailability of certain raw materials and component parts, have also had a negative impact on our sales for certain product categories due to our inability to fully satisfy demand and may continue to have a negative impact on our sales in the future. Global economic conditions, including inflation, have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our operations. General global economic downturns and macroeconomic trends, including heightened inflation, capital markets volatility, interest rate and currency rate fluctuations, changes in monetary policy and economic slowdown or recession, have resulted in, and may continue to result in, unfavorable conditions that negatively affect demand for our products and exacerbate other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section that affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Both domestic and international markets have been experiencing significant inflationary pressures in recent years and inflation rates in the U.S., as well as in other countries in which we operate, are currently expected to continue at elevated levels for the near term. Further, current or worsening economic conditions may impact the ability of our customers (including governments) to pay for our products and services and the amount spent on healthcare generally, which could result in decreased demand for our products and services, a decline in cash flows, longer sales cycles, increased inventory levels, slower adoption of new technologies, and increased price competition. These conditions may also adversely affect certain of our suppliers, which could disrupt our ability to produce products. We continue to do business with foreign governments in certain countries that have experienced deterioration in credit and economic conditions. Liquidity issues in certain countries have resulted, and may continue to result, in delays in the collection of receivables and credit losses and may also impact the stability of the U.S. Dollar, Euro, Renminbi, or other currencies. We may not be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies and sustaining or improving operating expense reductions and may experience business disruptions and adverse tax consequences associated with restructuring initiatives. Portions of our business have been, and will be, the subject of various restructuring initiatives. For example, we recently divested our BPS and Kidney Care businesses. In addition, we are working to continue to simplify our operating model and manufacturing footprint. While we are undertaking these actions, as well as any future initiatives, with the goal of realizing potential efficiencies, we may not be successful in achieving the anticipated benefits we expect in full or at all. Further, such benefits might be realized later than expected, and the ongoing costs of implementing these measures might be greater than anticipated. If these measures are not successful or sustainable, we might undertake additional actions, which could result in future charges. Moreover, our ability to achieve our other business plans (including achieving our net leverage targets and improving our operating cash flows) might be adversely affected, and we could experience business disruptions, if our restructuring activities prove ineffective. These actions, the resulting costs, and potential delays or potential lower than anticipated benefits might also impact our foreign tax positions and might require us to record tax reserves against certain deferred tax assets in our international business. Continued consolidation in the health care industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing and access in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments. Numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators, and third-party payers to curb the rising cost of health care, and to increase access to care, have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power within many of the markets in which we sell our products. Additionally, a growing number of countries have instituted or are contemplating introducing regional or national tender processes driven primarily by price. In some cases, such processes may favor local companies to multinational companies like us. In other instances, multinational companies, including Baxter, are subject to a separate tender bidding process in which they compete only with each other and not with domestic companies. Further, in certain markets, the regulatory process through which new medical devices are approved may be faster and/or less burdensome for domestic companies compared to multinational companies. As the health care industry (including healthcare systems, distributors, manufacturers, providers, and insurers) consolidate or form strategic alliances and as new entrants emerge, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, which may result in increased pricing pressures, decreased average selling prices, and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments. We 13 expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide health care industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services and may adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our operating results and financial condition have fluctuated and may in the future continue to fluctuate. Our operating results and financial condition have, and may in the future, fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year for a number of reasons. Events, such as changes to our expectations, strategy or forecasts (including as a result of evolving global macroeconomic conditions or regulatory developments) or even a relatively small revenue shortfall or increase in supply chain or other costs which we are unable to offset, have, and may in the future, cause financial results for a period to be below our expectations or projections. As a result, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not necessarily meaningful, nor should they be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our operating results and financial condition are also subject to fluctuation from all of the risks described throughout this “Risk Factor” section. These fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and our stock price. Management transition creates uncertainties, and any difficulties we experience in managi

=== BAX_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors We do not believe that there have been any material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2025 Annual Report. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds In July 2012, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program and the related authorization was subsequently increased a number of times. During the first quarter of 2026, we did not repurchase any shares under this authority. We had $1.30 billion remaining under this program as of March 31, 2026. This program does not have an expiration date. Item 5. Other Information Certain of our officers have made elections to participate in, and are participating in, our employee stock purchase plan, and certain of our officers and directors have made, and may from time to time make, elections to have shares withheld to cover withholding taxes or pay the exercise price of options, which may constitute non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). Further, our officers are eligible to participate in Baxter’s U.S. tax-qualified Section 401(k) plan (401(k) Plan). The 401(k) Plan permits both employer and employee contributions to be invested through a self-directed “brokerage window”, which is subject to Rule 10b5-1(c)(1). 46 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Index: Exhibit Number Description 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14 (a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2* Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2** Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS* XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained within the Inline XBRL Instance Document in Exhibit 101) _____________________________________ * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. This exhibit shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 47 Signature Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. (Registrant) Date: April 30, 2026 By: /s/ Anita A. Zielinski Anita A. Zielinski Interim Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (duly authorized officer and principal financial and accounting officer) 48 