=== AVB_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations involve various risks that could have adverse consequences, including those described below. This Item 1A. includes forward-looking statements. You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. Risks related to investments through acquisitions, construction, development, and joint ventures Development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability. We intend to continue to develop and redevelop apartment communities which include apartment homes or townhomes or a combination of both. These activities can include long planning and entitlement timelines and can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in high-density urban areas. These activities may expose us to the following risks, among others: • we have abandoned, and may in the future abandon, opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases in construction or financing costs or we may impair land held for development, and as a result, we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in exploring those opportunities; • occupancy rates and rents at a community may fail to meet our original expectations for a number of reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions beyond our control and the development by competitors of competing communities; • we may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy or other required governmental or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs, or the delay or abandonment of opportunities; • we may incur costs that exceed our original estimates due to increased material, labor or other costs or supply chain disruptions, including as a result of tariffs or changes in immigration laws or their enforcement, which could impact our overall return from our development, redevelopment or construction activity; • we may be unable to complete construction of a community on schedule or for the originally projected cost resulting in increased construction and financing costs; • we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process, for example, in connection with managing existing improvements on the site prior to tenant terminations and demolition (such as commercial space) or in connection with providing services to third parties (such as the construction of shared infrastructure or other improvements); • third-party developers, subcontractors, or key suppliers may fail to perform (including due to financial distress, labor shortages or supply chain disruptions), which could result in delays, cost overruns, workmanship defects, litigation, or the inability to complete a community on schedule or on the budget we originally projected; and • we may incur liability if our communities are not constructed in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Fair Housing Act or other federal, state or local requirements. Noncompliance could result in imposition of fines, an award of damages to private litigants and a requirement that we undertake structural modifications to remedy the noncompliance. Refer to our "Risks related to liquidity and financing" section below for additional construction and development risks related to financing. Attractive investment opportunities may not be available, which could adversely affect our profitability. We expect that other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension and investment funds, private equity, sovereign wealth funds and REITs both in the multifamily as well as other sectors, will compete with us to acquire existing properties and to develop new properties. This competition could increase prices for properties of the type we would likely pursue and adversely affect our profitability for new investments. Acquisitions may not yield anticipated results. Our business strategy of acquiring communities involves the following risks, among others: (i) acquisitions may not perform as we expected; (ii) our estimate of the costs of operating, repositioning or redeveloping an acquisition may be inaccurate; and (iii) acquisitions may subject us to unknown liabilities. Failure to succeed in new markets, or with new brands and community formats, or in activities other than the development, ownership and operation of residential rental communities may have adverse consequences. We have engaged, and may continue from time to time to engage, in development, acquisition and operating activity outside of our pre-existing market areas. Our historical experience in our existing markets in developing, owning and operating rental communities does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets. We may be exposed to a variety of risks when we enter a 8 Table of Contents new market, including an inability to accurately evaluate local apartment rental housing market conditions and an inability to obtain land for development or to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities. In order to more rapidly expand in our new markets, we have relied on third party developers to source and manage developments and on third-party general contractors to manage construction more than we have in our existing markets. Relying on third parties to assist with and/or oversee development and construction creates additional and different risks than when we manage these activities directly, including that the third party may not perform to our standards, may breach contractual arrangements, or may incur liquidity constraints. We also may engage or have an interest in for-sale activity. We may be unsuccessful at developing real estate with the intent to sell or in selling condominiums at originally underwritten values, within anticipated timeframes, or at all, as a disposition strategy for an asset, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We provide, through our internally operated shared service center, various back-office, financial administrative support services to a third party for a fee, and we may in the future provide such services to other third parties. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in providing such services, and the provision of such services creates additional sources of risk and potential liability for us with respect to the professional commitments and service levels we undertake when providing such services. We are exposed to risks associated with investment in technology and environmentally focused venture funds and companies. We have invested in, and may in the future invest in, venture funds that invest in companies seeking innovation through new processes and the application of technology to property operations, development, construction and energy management. We have also invested directly in, and may in the future invest directly in, companies that engage in these activities. While such investments give us a greater understanding of new and emerging technologies, such investments involve risks, including the possibility that our investments will decline substantially in value or fail to achieve anticipated strategic benefits. Our investments in technology companies, or in funds that invest in technology companies, are generally held through TRSs pursuant to which we will incur taxable gains upon the disposition of our interests. In addition, the value of these investments may be volatile and declines in value may impact our reported income even if we do not sell the investment. We are exposed to risks associated with investment in, and management of, joint ventures. At times we invest directly and indirectly in real estate as a partner or a co-venturer with other investors. Joint venture investments involve risks, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent or otherwise refuse to make capital contributions when due; that we may be responsible to our partner for indemnifiable losses or the debt and obligations of an investment; that our investments may lose all or some of their value; that our partner might have business goals that are inconsistent with ours which may result in the venture or investment being unable to implement certain decisions that we consider beneficial; that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests; that, in cases where we are the general partner or managing member, our partners holding a majority of the equity interests may remove us from such role in certain cases involving cause; and that we may be liable and/or our status as a REIT may be jeopardized if either the investments, or the REIT entities associated with the investments, fail to comply with various tax or other regulatory matters. Frequently, we and our partner may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell or similar arrangement that could cause us to sell our interest, acquire our partner's interest or force a sale of the asset, which could occur at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction or on terms that are not most advantageous to us. Mezzanine debt and preferred equity investments could cause us to incur expenses and experience delays in recovery, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We make mezzanine loans to borrowers and obtain preferred equity interests in projects owned by third-party sponsors as part of our SIP. Some of these instruments may have some recourse to their borrower or sponsor, while others are limited to the collateral securing the loan or the right to remove the sponsor as manager of the venture in preferred equity investments. In the event of a default under these obligations, we may elect to take possession of the collateral securing these interests, or remove a sponsor from management of a preferred equity investment. Borrowers of mezzanine loans may contest our enforcement actions, including foreclosure, assignment in lieu of foreclosure, or other remedies, and sponsors may contest our removal actions. In addition, borrowers and sponsors may seek bankruptcy protection against such enforcement and/or bring claims for lender liability in response to actions to enforce their obligations to us, which could result in significant legal costs, delays, or limitations on our ability to realize the value of our investments. Declines in the value of the underlying properties may also prevent us from realizing an amount equal to our investment upon foreclosure or other remedies even if we make substantial improvements or repairs to maximize such properties' investment potential. We cannot be certain that our estimate of future credit losses will be adequate over time because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy or events adversely affecting specific properties, assets, tenants, borrowers, industries in which our tenants and borrowers operate or markets in which our tenants and borrowers or their properties are located. The ultimate 9 Table of Contents resolutions may differ from our expectation, and we could suffer losses that would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance, the trading price of our securities and our ability to pay dividends and distributions. We are exposed to risks associated with real estate assets that are subject to ground leases that may restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in those assets, limit our use and expose us to loss if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. We own assets that are subject to long-term ground leases. These ground leases may impose limitations on our use or improvement of the properties, restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests or restrict the leasing of the properties. These restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties’ value or negatively impact our ability to operate the properties. In addition, we could lose our interests in the properties if the ground leases are breached by us, terminated or lapse. As we get closer to the lease termination dates, the values of the properties could decrease if we are unable to agree upon an extension of the lease with the lessor. Certain of these ground leases have payments subject to annual escalations and/or periodic fair market value adjustments which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Land we hold with no current intent to develop may be subject to future impairment charges. We own land parcels that we do not currently intend to develop. As discussed in Item 2. "Properties—Other Land and Real Estate Assets," in the event that the fair market value, less the cost to dispose of a parcel, changes such that it is less than the carrying basis of the parcel, we would be subject to an impairment charge, which would reduce our net income. Our various technology-related initiatives to improve our operating margins and customer experience may fail to perform as expected and may expose us to additional risks. We have developed and may continue to develop initiatives that are intended to serve our customers better and help us operate more efficiently, including "smart home" and building automation technologies; use of AI in correspondence with prospective, current and prior residents; automation of internal business processes and other applications; and self-service options that are accessible to residents through smart devices or otherwise. Such initiatives have involved and may continue to involve our employees having new or different responsibilities and processes. We may incur significant costs and divert resources in connection with such initiatives, and these initiatives may not perform as expected, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Certain AI or machine learning tools used in our operations, or used by third parties with whom we do business, may generate outputs that are incomplete, inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, and such issues may be difficult to identify or detect. Reliance on such outputs could result in operational inefficiencies, errors in communications, adverse impacts on resident experience, reputational harm, loss of customers, or legal or regulatory exposure. Furthermore, future regulatory developments, including data privacy laws, AI governance requirements, cybersecurity standards, or consumer protection protocols could impose restrictions on the use of these technologies or require us to implement costly compliance measures. Competition from companies employing technology-related initiatives more effectively could also negatively impact our business. Finally, public perception of new technologies (including AI), such as concerns about data privacy and algorithmic bias, could affect customer acceptance of technology-driven services, which could harm our reputation and business. Risks related to liquidity and financing Capital and credit market conditions may adversely affect our access to various sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could impact our business activities, dividends, earnings and common stock price, among other things. In periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility or prolonged tightening, the amounts, sources and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. We use external financing as one source of capital to fund construction and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. If sufficient sources of external financing are not available to us on cost-effective terms, we could be forced to limit our development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt, such as selling assets, reducing our cash dividend or issuing equity or debt securities. If we are able and/or choose to access capital at a higher cost than we have experienced in recent years, our earnings per share and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly and/or decline in a high interest rate environment or a volatile economic environment, or if we dilute the interest of stockholders by issuing additional equity. Further, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect the lenders under our Credit Facility, the dealers under our Commercial Paper Program, financial institutions where we have deposits, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, could result in losses or defaults by these institutions or counterparties or could lead to market-wide liquidity problems. Disruptions and uncertainty with respect to financial institutions, including as a result of bank failures, credit downgrades and liquidity concerns, may negatively impact our ability to refinance existing indebtedness and access additional financing at reasonable terms or at all, or may cause us or our transactional counterparties to be unable to complete transactions as intended, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 10 Table of Contents Insufficient cash flow could affect our debt financing and create refinancing risk. We are subject to the risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our available cash will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest on our debt. For us to continue to qualify as a REIT, we are required to annually distribute dividends generally equal to at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, which limits the amount of our cash flow available to meet required principal and interest payments. The principal outstanding balance on a portion of our debt will not be fully amortized prior to its maturity. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash flows available to make all required principal payments. Therefore, we expect that we will generally need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable terms; either of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Rising interest rates could increase interest costs and could affect the market price of our common stock, and efforts to hedge such risk could be ineffective and cause us to incur additional costs. Interest rates have increased in recent years, and may increase further. If interest rates maintain their existing levels or further increase, our interest costs on variable rate debt will rise, and our effective interest costs on newly issued fixed rate debt may be higher than on our existing debt. In addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of our common stock to demand a greater annual dividend yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We use interest rate derivatives to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates in connection with anticipated debt issuances, floating rate debt or refinancing activity. Such hedges may mitigate interest rate volatility. The interest rate derivatives we use to manage interest rate risk for our anticipated debt issuance activity could result in a material impact to earnings if we do not issue the anticipated debt, or are otherwise unsuccessful in our hedging activities. In addition, our use of hedging arrangements may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may default on the contract. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will be effective at reducing the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. Bond financing and zoning and other compliance requirements could limit our income, restrict the use of communities and cause favorable financing to become unavailable. We have financed some of our apartment communities with obligations issued by local government agencies because the interest paid to the holders of this debt is generally exempt from federal income taxes, which typically provides a more favorable interest rate for us. These obligations are commonly referred to as "tax-exempt bonds" and generally must be secured by mortgages on our communities. As a condition to obtaining (i) tax-exempt financing, (ii) favorable zoning or (iii) an agreement relating to property taxes in some jurisdictions, we will commit to make some of the apartments in a community available to households whose income does not exceed certain thresholds (e.g., 50% or 80% of area median income), or who meet other qualifying tests. As of December 31, 2025, 4.5% of homes at Current Communities were under income limitations such as these. These commitments, which may or may not expire, may limit our ability to raise rents, adversely affecting the value of communities subject to these restrictions. If we fail to observe these commitments, we could lose benefits (such as reduced property taxes) or face liabilities including liability for the benefits we received under tax exempt bonds, tax credits or agreements related to property taxes. Our tax-exempt bonds may require us to obtain a guarantee from a financial institution of payment of the principal and interest on the bonds, such as a letter of credit, surety bond, guarantee agreement or other additional collateral. If the financial institution defaults on its guarantee obligations, or if we are unable to renew the applicable guarantee or otherwise post satisfactory collateral, a default will occur and the community could be foreclosed upon if we do not redeem the tax exempt bonds. Risks related to indebtedness. We have a Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program with a syndicate of commercial banks as well as a Term Loan and secured and unsecured notes. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that may be incurred. Accordingly, subject to compliance with outstanding debt covenants, we could incur more debt, resulting in an increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The mortgages on properties that are subject to secured debt, our Credit Facility, Term Loan, Commercial Paper Program and the indentures under which a substantial portion of our debt was issued contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations, as well as certain financial and operating covenants including maintenance of certain financial ratios. Maintaining compliance with these restrictions could limit our flexibility. A default in these requirements, if uncured, could result in a requirement that we repay indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and increase our financing costs. Refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further discussion. 11 Table of Contents A substantial portion of our debt is subject to prepayment penalties or premiums that we will be obligated to pay in the event that we elect to prepay the debt prior to the earlier of (i) its stated maturity or (ii) another stated date. If we elect to prepay a significant amount of outstanding debt, our prepayment penalties or payments under these provisions could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to maintain our current credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets. There are two major debt rating agencies that routinely evaluate and rate our debt. Their ratings are based on a number of factors, which include their assessment of our financial strength, liquidity, capital structure, asset quality, amount of real estate under development, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings, among other factors. If market conditions change, we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings, which could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets. The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be impacted by our revenue generation, other liquidity needs and economic and other considerations. The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our rental revenue, actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and other factors as the Board of Directors may consider relevant. The Board of Directors may modify our dividend policy from time to time. We may experience barriers to selling apartment communities that could limit financial flexibility. Difficulties in selling real estate at prices we find acceptable in a timely manner may limit our ability to quickly change or reduce the apartment communities in our portfolio in response to changes in economic, regulatory, or other conditions. Federal tax laws may also limit our ability to sell properties when desired. See "Risks related to our REIT or tax status or reliance on various tax regulations" section for more information on federal tax law risks. In addition, the capitalization rates/disposition yields at which apartment communities may be sold could also be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from regulators, investors, associates, residents and others regarding our environmental, social and governance practices and reporting, including those related to workplace inclusion and diversity (collectively, "Corporate Responsibility" or "CR"), could impact our business practices, cause us to incur additional costs and expose us to new risks. Corporate Responsibility practices and ratings are important to some investors and other stakeholders who may have differing and conflicting views as to their preferred approach to CR matters. Expectations regarding CR may impact our business practices and the price of our securities. Changing practices have in the past and may in the future include expanded mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, greenhouse gas emissions, human capital, inclusion and diversity, labor, and risk oversight, and these could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report on, which may prove difficult, expensive and time consuming. In addition, the adoption of increased government regulations and changes in investor preference related to CR matters may result in changes to our business practices, including increasing expenses or capital expenditures. We have communicated certain initiatives regarding CR matters and we may in the future communicate revised or additional initiatives. If our initiatives are unsuccessful or we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors, residents, employees and other stakeholders, our reputation could be adversely affected. In recent years, corporate initiatives relating to environmental, social and governance matters, including workplace inclusion and diversity, have attracted negative commentary and regulatory attention in the broader business sector. Legislation, regulatory initiatives, litigation, legal opinions, federal executive orders and increased scrutiny related to CR matters could expose the Company to additional compliance obligations, costs, and potential liabilities. 12 Table of Contents Risks related to operations of our communities Laws, regulations and orders imposing rent control or rent stabilization, or limiting our rights as a landlord, could adversely affect our operations and revenue. A number of states and municipalities have implemented or are seeking to implement rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations or take other actions that could limit or delay our ability to raise rents, use algorithmic pricing tools, charge non-rent fees, screen and evict tenants for non-payment of rent or other lease violations. For example, the State of California has statewide rent control for communities older than fifteen years, limiting rent increases to the lesser of 10% or 5% plus local CPI, the State of Washington has similar rules (limiting rent increases to the lesser of 10% or 7% plus local CPI for communities older than 12 years) and the State of New York has rules for rent-controlled and rent-stabilized units that limit the way rent increases are calculated for renewal leases, basing increases solely on rent actually paid and eliminating the ability to increase the renewal rent to a higher "registered rent." Furthermore, in California the Governor has the ability to enact local or statewide states of emergency which limit our ability to increase new and renewal rents more than 10% over the rent in place on the date such state of emergency was declared, which has impacted some of our California communities. We have seen an increase in state and local governments in our markets implementing, considering or being urged by various constituencies to consider regulations of the types described above. Additionally, various federal agencies have engaged in efforts aimed at addressing pricing in the rental market. Current and future enactments of rent control or rent stabilization laws or other laws regulating rental housing may limit our ability to 

=== AVB_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results discussed in the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors." The risks described in the Form 10-K are not the only risks that could affect the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results in the future. There have been no material changes to our risk factors since December 31, 2025. 43 Table of Contents ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS (a) None. (b) Not applicable. (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) (2)(3) January 1 - January 31, 2026 822 $ 178.50 — $ 163,769 February 1 - February 28, 2026 638,710 $ 176.83 637,958 $ 1,000,000 March 1 - March 31, 2026 564,869 $ 174.36 492,378 $ 914,354 Total 1,204,401 $ 175.67 1,130,336 ___________________________________ (1) Consists of (i) shares surrendered to the Company in connection with the exercise of stock options as payment of the exercise price, as well as for taxes associated with the vesting of restricted share grants and the conversion of performance awards to shares of common stock and (ii) shares repurchased under the 2025 Stock Repurchase Program and 2026 Stock Repurchase Program, if any, as indicated under "Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs." (2) The Board of Directors approved the 2025 Stock Repurchase Program in October 2025 under which the Company was authorized to acquire shares of its common stock in open market or negotiated transactions up to an aggregate purchase price of $500,000,000. The 2025 Stock Repurchase Program did not have an expiration date. On February 26, 2026, the Company terminated the 2025 Stock Repurchase Program and adopted the 2026 Stock Repurchase Program under which the Company may acquire shares of its common stock in open market or negotiated transactions up to an aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000,000. Purchases of common stock under the 2026 Stock Repurchase Program may occur from time to time at the Company’s discretion. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, market conditions and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. The 2026 Stock Repurchase Program has no expiration date and may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. (3) Represents remaining repurchase authority as of the indicated month end under the 2025 Stock Repurchase Program and 2026 Stock Repurchase Program, as applicable. From January 1, 2026 through February 26, 2026, the Company repurchased 637,958 shares of common stock at an average price of $176.85 per share, including fees, for a total of $112,824,000 of the $163,769,000 of capacity remaining under the 2025 Stock Repurchase Program as of January 1, 2026. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company's directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted , terminated or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 44 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 3(i).1 — Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated as of June 4, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).1 to Form 10-K of the Company filed March 1, 2007.) 3(i).2 — Articles of Amendment, dated as of October 2, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).2 to Form 10-K of the Company filed March 1, 2007.) 3(i).3 — Articles of Amendment, dated as of May 22, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).3 to Form 8-K of the Company filed May 22, 2013.) 3(i).4 — Articles of Amendment, dated as of May 14, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).4 to Form 8-K of the Company filed May 15, 2020.) 3(i).5 — Composite restatement of Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated as of June 4, 1998, as amended by the Articles of Amendment, dated as of October 2, 1998, the Articles of Amendment, dated as of May 22, 2013, and the Articles of Amendment, dated as of May 14, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).5 to Form 10-Q of the Company filed November 3, 2023.) 3(ii).1 — Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as adopted by the Board of Directors on October 30, 2023. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K of the Company filed October 30, 2023.) 31.1 — Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer). (Filed herewith.) 31.2 — Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer). (Filed herewith.) 32 — Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer). (Furnished herewith.) 101 — Financial materials from AvalonBay Communities, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2026 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) including: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. (Filed herewith.) 104 — Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). (Filed herewith.) 45 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. Date: May 7, 2026 /s/ Benjamin W. Schall Benjamin W. Schall Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Date: May 7, 2026 /s/ Kevin P. O'Shea Kevin P. O'Shea Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 46 