=== VTR_2026-02-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report. We operate through three reportable segments: senior housing operating portfolio, which we refer to as SHOP, outpatient medical and research portfolio, which we refer to as OM R, and triple-net leased properties, which we refer to as NNN. We also hold assets outside of our reportable segments, which we refer to as non-segment assets, and which consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments, accounts receivable and investments in unconsolidated entities. Our investments in unconsolidated entities include investments made through our third-party institutional private capital management platform, Ventas Investment Management ( VIM ). Through VIM, we partner with third-party institutional investors to invest in real estate through various joint ventures and other co-investment vehicles where we are the sponsor or general partner, including our open-ended investment vehicle, the Ventas Life Science Healthcare Real Estate Fund (the Ventas Fund ). Our investments in unconsolidated entities also include investments in operating entities, such as Ardent Health, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, Ardent ) and Atria Senior Living, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, Atria ). See our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes, including Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of the combined properties in each operating segment and determines how to allocate resources to these segments based on net operating income ( NOI ) for each segment. See our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes, including Note 2 Accounting Policies and Note 18 Segment Information included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. The following table summarizes information for our portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2025 (dollars in thousands): 1 Table of Contents Segment NOI (1) Percentage of Total NOI Segment Properties Senior housing operating portfolio (SHOP) $ 1,184,064 49.4 % 752 Outpatient medical and research portfolio (OM R) 590,169 24.7 % 409 Triple-net leased properties (NNN) 588,073 24.6 % 213 Non-segment (2) 30,748 1.3 % n/a $ 2,393,054 100 % 1,374 ______________________________ (1) NOI is defined as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and third-party capital management expenses. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional disclosure and a reconciliation of Net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), to NOI. (2) NOI for non-segment includes management fees and promote revenues, net of expenses related to our third-party institutional private capital management platform, income from loans and investments and corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable segments. n/a not applicable Business Strategy For nearly three decades, Ventas has pursued a strategy focused on delivering outsized value to stockholders and other key stakeholders by enabling exceptional environments that benefit a large and growing aging population. Working with industry-leading care providers, partners and research and medical institutions, our collaborative and experienced team is focused on achieving consistent, superior total returns through: (1) delivering profitable organic growth in senior housing, (2) capturing value-creating external growth focused on senior housing, (3) generating strong cash flow throughout our portfolio of high-quality assets unified in meeting demographic demand and (4) maintaining financial strength, flexibility and liquidity. Our objective is to generate reliable and growing cash flows from our portfolio, which enables us to pay regular cash dividends to stockholders and creates opportunities to increase stockholder value. Our Businesses Senior Housing Operating Portfolio (SHOP) In our SHOP segment, we own and invest in senior housing communities. We participate directly in the financial performance of the communities operations and are generally responsible for all operational costs, expenses and other liabilities. We typically engage third-party managers to operate the communities on our behalf but generally hold applicable healthcare licenses and enroll in applicable government healthcare programs on behalf of the communities in our SHOP segment. In order to support our SHOP segment, we developed Ventas OI , a proprietary data and analytics platform, to provide us with timely access to high-quality data that informs real-time decisions. Through Ventas OI , we collect and assess data from a variety of sources, including proprietary data from our senior housing operations and external data sources. This data supports business models and automated dashboard reporting that are enabled by machine learning, providing us with reporting systems business intelligence dashboards, marketing and sales analytics, competitive intelligence and geospatial analytics. Ventas OI blends our operational expertise and data analytics to engage the managers, enhance the performance of our communities and elevate the quality of care and services delivered to residents. We also leverage Ventas OI for our investment and capital expenditure decisions. 2 Table of Contents The senior housing communities in our SHOP segment include independent living communities, assisted living communities, memory care communities and continuing care retirement communities. Independent living communities are typically age-restricted multifamily rental properties with central dining facilities that provide residents with access to meals and other services such as housekeeping, linen service, transportation and social and recreational activities. Assisted living communities typically offer similar services as independent living communities, plus supportive care that is provided by trained employees to residents who require assistance with activities of daily living, such as bathing, dressing and medication management. Memory care communities provide care for individuals with Alzheimer s disease and other forms of dementia or memory loss. Continuing care retirement communities are typically age-restricted properties that offer a continuum of care, and may include a combination of independent living, assisted living, memory care and skilled nursing units. Our assisted living, memory care and continuing care retirement communities are generally subject to state licensure requirements for the delivery of some or all of their services, while our independent living communities generally are not. Charges for room, board and services at these communities are generally paid from private sources, with limited reliance on government reimbursement programs such as Medicaid. Because we have elected to be taxed as a REIT, we are subject to restrictions impacting how we invest in, operate or manage our properties, including the senior housing communities in our SHOP segment. Some of those restrictions depend on whether a senior housing community is treated as a qualified health care property under the REIT rules. Senior housing communities in our SHOP segment that are qualified health care properties generally must be managed and operated by a third-party manager, including for purposes of procuring supplies, hiring and training employees, entering into third-party contracts for the benefit of the community and providing resident care and services. Senior housing communities that are not qualified health care properties may be managed by us directly through a taxable REIT subsidiary or by a third-party manager. The majority of senior housing communities in our SHOP segment are characterized as qualified health care properties that must be operated by third-party managers. See Government Regulation Tax Regulation included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. Where we engage a third-party manager, either by choice or as required by REIT tax rules, we generally rely on the third-party managers personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, risk management processes, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage the senior housing communities operations efficiently and effectively. We also rely on the third-party managers to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results in a timely manner and otherwise manage risk and operate the senior housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. We are generally responsible for all operational costs, expenses and other risks and liabilities. While our managers typically indemnify us for liabilities arising out of certain of their actions such as gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, we may not be able to enforce these rights, or we may determine it is not prudent to do so if we believe that enforcement of our rights would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our operating assets in our SHOP segment may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Our management agreements typically have fixed terms and are subject to renewal under certain conditions. These agreements may include provisions for termination under specific circumstances, with or without the payment of a fee. The managers generally receive annual management fees which are calculated based on various performance measures, which may include revenue, NOI and other objective financial metrics. Incentive fees may be awarded if specified performance targets are met. 3 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2025, we engaged 39 third-party managers to operate the 752 properties in our SHOP segment on our behalf. The following table provides information regarding our significant SHOP manager concentration as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025: Percentage of Total NOI for the year ended December 31, 2025 Segment Properties as of December 31, 2025 Percentage of Segment Properties as of December 31, 2025 Atria Senior Living, Inc. 17.7 % 194 14.1 % Sunrise Senior Living, LLC 6.8 98 7.1 Le Groupe Maurice 5.6 37 2.7 The properties in our SHOP segment managed by Atria, Sunrise Senior Living, LLC (together with its subsidiaries, Sunrise ) and Le Groupe Maurice (together with its subsidiaries, Le Groupe Maurice ) accounted for a significant portion of our SHOP segment revenues and NOI for the year ended December 31, 2025. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Concentration Risk included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Ardent, Kindred, Atria, Sunrise and Le Groupe Maurice included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. As of December 31, 2025, we held a 34% ownership interest in Atria, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, as well as the right to appoint two members to the Atria Board of Directors. See Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Outpatient Medical and Research Portfolio (OM R) In our OM R segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage outpatient medical buildings and research centers. Our outpatient medical buildings, which are predominantly located on or contiguous to a health system campus, are generally multi-tenant properties leased to health systems and several unrelated medical practices, although in many cases they may be associated with a large single specialty or multi-specialty group, including neighboring health systems. Tenants typically require customized space devoted to patient examination and treatment, diagnostic imaging, outpatient surgery and other outpatient services. Outpatient medical buildings typically require enhanced plumbing, electrical and mechanical systems to accommodate the needs of healthcare providers such as sinks in every room, brighter lights and specialized medical equipment. Our research centers generally contain laboratory and office space that is leased primarily to universities, academic medical centers, technology, biotechnology, medical device and pharmaceutical companies and other organizations involved in the research industry. While these properties may have certain characteristics similar to commercial office buildings, they generally contain more advanced electrical, mechanical, heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems. The facilities generally have specialty equipment including emergency generators, fume hoods, lab bench tops and related amenities. In many instances, research center tenants make significant investments to improve their leased space, in addition to landlord improvements, to accommodate biology, chemistry or medical device research initiatives. Our research centers are often located on or contiguous to university and academic medical campuses. 4 Table of Contents We lease these properties to tenants under varying lease types that obligate the tenants to pay rent, and may require the tenant to pay their proportionate share of some or all property-related expenses, including utilities, real estate taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance, cleaning, roads and grounds expense and other expenses. The leases are typically for a fixed term, and may be subject to renewal under certain conditions. Although we do not participate directly in the financial performance of our tenants operations, we are exposed to the credit risk of our tenants in our OM R segment. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy If our managers , tenants or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Through our Lillibridge subsidiary and our 50% ownership interest in PMB Real Estate Services LLC ( PMBRES ), a property management platform, we provide outpatient medical building and research center management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems and universities, academic medical centers, biotech and other similar companies throughout the United States. Triple-Net Leased Properties (NNN) In our NNN segment, we invest in and own senior housing communities, skilled nursing facilities ( SNFs ), long-term acute care facilities ( LTACs ), freestanding inpatient rehabilitation facilities ( IRFs ) and other healthcare facilities. The senior housing communities in our NNN segment may include independent living communities, assisted living communities, memory care communities and continuing care retirement communities, which property types are described in more detail above in Senior Housing Operating Portfolio (SHOP). SNFs provide rehabilitative, restorative, skilled nursing and medical treatment for patients and residents who do not require the high technology, care-intensive, high-cost setting of an acute care or rehabilitation hospital. Treatment programs may include physical, occupational, speech, respiratory and other therapies, including sub-acute clinical protocols such as wound care and intravenous drug treatment. LTACs typically serve medically complex, chronically ill patients who require a high level of monitoring and specialized care, but whose conditions do not necessitate the continued services of an intensive care unit and have a Medicare average length of stay of greater than 25 days. LTACs typically have the capability to treat patients who suffer from multiple systemic failures or conditions such as neurological disorders, head injuries, brain stem and spinal cord trauma, cerebral vascular accidents, chemical brain injuries, central nervous system disorders, developmental anomalies and cardiopulmonary disorders. Chronic patients often depend on technology for continued life support, such as mechanical ventilators, total parenteral nutrition, respiration or cardiac monitors and dialysis machines, and, due to their severe medical conditions, generally are not clinically appropriate for admission to a SNF or rehabilitation hospital. IRFs are devoted to the rehabilitation of patients with various neurological, musculoskeletal, orthopedic and other medical conditions following stabilization of their acute medical issues. Other healthcare facilities include facilities that provide medical and surgical services, including inpatient care, intensive care, cardiac care, diagnostic services and emergency services. These other healthcare facilities may also provide outpatient services such as outpatient surgery, laboratory, radiology, respiratory therapy, cardiology and physical therapy. 5 Table of Contents Charges for services provided at SNFs, LTACs, IRFs and other healthcare facilities are generally paid from a combination of government reimbursement and commercial insurance and other private sources. We lease the properties in our NNN segment to tenants under triple-net or absolute-net leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures. The leases in our NNN segment typically contain annual or periodic rent escalators that may be contingent upon the satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters or based on increases in the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ), with caps, floors or collars. These agreements may include provisions for termination under specific circumstances, including in the event of a monetary or non-monetary default by the tenant or in the event of a failure of the tenant to meet certain financial or operational covenants. The agreements typically include broad indemnities in our favor from the tenant for liabilities arising out of the tenant s operations. Although we do not participate directly in the financial performance of the tenants operations, we are exposed to the credit risk of our tenants in our NNN segment. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy If our managers , tenants or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. The following table provides information regarding our significant NNN tenant concentration as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025: Percentage of Total NOI for the year ended December 31, 2025 Segment Properties as of December 31, 2025 Percentage of Segment Properties as of December 31, 2025 Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (1) 6.2 % 77 5.6 % Kindred Healthcare, LLC 5.8 31 2.3 Ardent Health Partners, LLC 6.4 30 2.2 ______________________________ (1) Percentage of Total NOI includes the NOI for 121 senior housing properties in our NNN segment that were leased to Brookdale (as defined below) for all or part of 2025, including 56 properties for which the lease expired on or before December 31, 2025 (the Brookdale Conversion and Sale Communities ). In connection therewith, (i) 42 of the Brookdale Conversion and Sale Communities were converted to our SHOP segment during 2025, with the NOI for those properties included through the date of conversion, (ii) 3 of the Brookdale Conversion and Sale Communities were converted to our SHOP segment on January 1, 2026, (iii) 2 of the Brookdale Conversion and Sale Communities were sold during 2025, with the NOI for those properties included through the date of sale and (iv) 9 of the Brookdale Conversion and Sale Communities were held for sale as of December 31, 2025. As a result of the foregoing, Brookdale is not expected to represent a significant portion of the Total NOI or properties for our NNN segment in 2026 and thereafter. The properties we lease to Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, Brookdale ), Ardent and Kindred Healthcare, LLC (together with its subsidiaries, Kindred ) accounted for a significant portion of our NNN segment revenues and NOI for the year ended December 31, 2025. As noted previously, Brookdale is not expected to represent a significant portion of the Total NOI or properties for our NNN segment in 2026 and going forward. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Ardent, Kindred, Atria, Sunrise and Le Groupe Maurice included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Concentration Risk included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report and Note 3 Concentration of Credit Risk of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. As of December 31, 2025, we held warrants exercisable at any time prior to September 13, 2034, for 9.9% of the common equity of a parent company of Kindred exercisable at the pre-issuance value of such common equity (the Scion Warrants ). See Note 9 Other Assets of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 6 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2025, we held an approximately 6.6% ownership interest in Ardent. See Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Non-Segment Assets Non-segment assets consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments and accounts receivable. Our loans receivable and investments generally provide us with interest income and fees and are often secured by mortgage liens or leasehold mortgages on the underlying properties and corporate or personal guarantees by affiliates of the borrowing entity. In some cases, the loans are secured by a pledge of ownership interests in the entity or entities that own the related properties or may take the form of mezzanine loans, which are subordinated to senior secured loans held by other investors that encumber the same real estate. We also hold non-mortgage loans receivable, net, which are generally corporate loans that are collateralized primarily by non-real estate related collateral or are unsecured. See Note 6 Loans Receivable and Investments, net of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Although we do not participate directly in the financial performance of the operations of our borrowers properties, we are directly exposed to the credit risk of our borrowers and therefore indirectly to their operational risks. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy If our managers , tenants or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Non-segment assets also include our investments in unconsolidated entities, including investments in unconsolidated real estate entities through our third-party institutional private capital management platform, VIM, and investments in unconsolidated operating entities, such as Ardent and Atria. Through VIM, we partner with third-party institutional investors to invest in real estate through various joint ventures and other co-investment vehicles. In these arrangements, we are typically the general partner and earn fees as a result of that service. The assets in our VIM business are primarily comprised of three platforms: the Ventas Fund, a state pension fund joint venture and a sovereign wealth fund joint venture. The Ventas Fund is a perpetual life vehicle focused on investments in core and core plus life science, outpatient medical and senior housing real estate in North America. Our state pension fund joint venture is principally focused on investments in ground up development and value-added redevelopment of senior housing. Our sovereign wealth fund joint venture is focused on university-based research and innovation development projects. In the Ventas Fund and certain other ventures, we have the ability to earn revenues through incentive fees periodically during the life of the venture. See Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Development and Redevelopment Activities From time to time, we engage in development and redevelopment activities within our reportable segments and through our investments in unconsolidated entities. For example, we are party to certain agreements that commit us to develop properties funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. In addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our existing senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings and research centers to maximize the value, increase NOI, maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property. 7 Table of Contents Geographic Diversification of Properties Our portfolio of assets is broadly diversified by geographic location throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, with properties in only one state (California) accounting for more than 10% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Concentration Risk included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report. Competition We generally compete for investments in real estate with publicly traded, private and non-listed healthcare REITs, real estate partnerships, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition challenges our ability to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our objectives, which is affected by, among other factors, the availability of suitable acquisition or investment targets, our ability to negotiate acceptable transaction terms and our access to and cost of capital. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon identifying and consummating future acquisitions and investments and effectively managing our external growth opportunities included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and Note 10 Senior Notes Payable and Other Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Our managers, tenants and borrowers typically compete on a local and regional basis with other organizations that provide comparable services. They typically compete to attract and retain residents and patients to our properties based on scope and quality of care, reputation and financial condition, price, location and physical appearance of the properties, services offered, qualified personnel, physician referrals and family preferences. With respect to outpatient medical buildings and research centers, we and our third-party managers compete to attract and retain tenants based on many of the same factors, in addition to quality of the affiliated health system or university, physician preferences and proximity to hospital or university campuses or research centers and quality of lab space. The ability of our managers, tenants and borrowers to compete successfully could be affected by private, federal and state reimbursement programs and other laws and regulations. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Capital Structure Changes in the U.S. political and regulatory environment could affect availability of government funding that we or our managers, tenants or borrowers rely on, which could negatively impact our business and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory We and our managers, tenants and borrowers may be adversely affected by regulation and enforcement included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. We also compete to attract and retain qualified employees. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. See Risk Factors Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. The loss of any one of our key personnel or the inability to maintain appropriate staffing could adversely impact our business Human Capital Management Our experienced team is focused on winning together to drive success and create value. As of December 31, 2025, we had 542 employees, none of which are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We provide a unique environment that offers opportunities for our team to contribute their talents, develop their skills and learn from each other as they build successful careers. The Compensation Committee and Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility ( NGCR ) Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company ( Board of Directors or Board ) and the Board itself 8 Table of Contents provide oversight of certain human capital matters. We report on human capital matters regularly to these committees and periodically to our Board of Directors. The most significant human capital measures and objectives that we focus on include the topics described below. Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention We are focused on maintaining a strong culture that attracts and retains individuals who share a passion for excellence, integrity, execution, problem-solving skills and collaboration. We invest in our people and their continuous development by providing valuable professional experiences, tailored skill and leadership development programs and meaningful opportunities to learn from internal and external experts. Employee engagement and satisfaction contribute to our ability to attract and retain top talent. Each year, we conduct an employee engagement survey through an independent third party, which measures our progress on key employee engagement metrics and identifies opportunities for evolving our programs. Compensation and Benefits Ventas prides itself in offering an industry-leading compensation and benefits package. Our benefits programs include a robust offering of medical, dental, vision, life, accidental death and dismemberment, disability plans and wellness programs, all of which require very low employee contributions or are offered at no cost to employees. We also provide other ancillary benefits at competitive group rates that allow employees to customize benefits to best meet their needs. We offer employees a 401(k) profit sharing plan with both pretax and Roth offerings and competitive employer matching contributions that enables them to plan for retirement. Health Safety Ventas is committed to the health and safety of its employees. Helping to make our workplaces secure and hazard-free is a responsibility shared with each Ventas employee. Our commitment to health and safety is maintained by effective administration, training and education, and we expect our operating and development partners to comply with applicable company and legal requirements. Organizational Resilience Our talented employee base is the foundation of our organizational resilience. As part of our employee value proposition, in addition to competitive compensation and benefits offerings, we invest in growth, development opportunities and comprehensive performance management for our employees that empower them to realize their full potential, expand their capabilities and fill critical roles within the organization. Our employee base is comprised of a mix of longer tenured employees, who contribute deep institutional experience and knowledge, and shorter tenured employees, who contribute new perspectives and ways of doing things. As of December 31, 2025, more than 42% of our employees have been promoted or transferred internally for new opportunities, reflecting our deep commitment to creating an environment where people can build their careers. The NGCR Committee leads, and the Board oversees and reviews at least annually, a robust short- and long-term succession planning process for our senior management team, including our CEO. In assessing possible CEO candidates, our independent directors identify the skills, experience and attributes they believe are required for an effective leader in light of the Company s strategic plan, business opportunities and challenges. The Board employs a similar approach with respect to evaluating possible candidates for other 9 Table of Contents senior management positions. In general, our management succession planning is designed to anticipate both planned successions, such as those arising from anticipated retirements, and unplanned succession events, including emergencies and a range of other potential contingencies. Our Board has adopted an emergency succession plan to facilitate the transition to both interim and long-term leadership in the event of an unexpected vacancy in the position of CEO. The CEO, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Vice President, Human Resources support the annual succession plan review conducted by the NGCR Committee by providing information about each executive role and succession scenarios, including an overview of each potential successor s experience and potential, readiness assessment and planned leadership development opportunities. The independent members of the Board also regularly interact with employees across several levels of seniority of Ventas through management presentations at Board meetings and other informal events to form their own independent assessment of senior leaders. The NGCR Committee and the Board also regularly review strength and gaps in the executive and senior management team and their organizations with the Company s long-term strategy and goal of optimizing performance in mind. When appropriate, action plans are identified and executed to drive performance, enhance organizational resilience and support succession planning, including for the CEO. We engage third party experts where appropriate to bring additional insights to and facilitate succession planning, conduct assessments and provide coaching and development to executives and others in cases where the Company and the employee will benefit. Corporate Sustainability Ventas takes a data-driven, holistic view of risks and opportunities to develop and execute corporate sustainability initiatives that support our business strategy and enhance value for stockholders. Our priorities are organized under three pillars: Sustainable Business: Creating Long-Term Value Exceptional Employees: Attracting and Engaging Top Talent High Standards: Leading in Governance, Ethics and Transparency Ventas has set measurable goals related to our key sustainability topics and progress towards these goals is reported annually in our Corporate Sustainability Report. These matters are overseen by our NGCR Committee. Our EVP, General Counsel and Ethics Compliance Officer and VP, Corporate Sustainability report on these matters regularly to the NGCR Committee and periodically to our Board of Directors. Insurance We maintain and/or contractually require that our managers, tenants, borrowers and certain other counterparties maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties, our operations and, where appropriate, their operations, with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are customary for similarly situated companies in each industry. We frequently review our insurance programs and requirements. The insurance that we maintain or require may take the form of commercial insurance, captive insurance or self-insurance. 10 Table of Contents We maintain the property insurance for a vast majority of our properties in our OM R and SHOP segments. We maintain liability insurance for the properties in our OM R segment and general and professional liability insurance for most of the senior housing communities and related operations in our SHOP segment. Where we do not maintain the general and professional liability insurance for a senior housing community and its related operations, the manager is contractually required to maintain it in accordance with standards set forth in our management agreements. We also contractually require the tenants in our NNN segment to maintain property and liability insurance in accordance with standards set forth in our lease agreements with them. Through our OM R segment, we provide engineering, construction and architectural services in connection with new development projects, and we maintain and/or contractually require tenants, contractors, design professionals and other parties involved with such services to maintain property and liability insurance with respect to those activities. The Company maintains a wholly-owned captive insurance company, which provides insurance coverage for losses below the deductible and within the self-insured retention of the commercial property and general and professional liability insurance that we maintain for certain of our outpatient medical and senior housing properties. The captive insurance company also provides a portion of the insurance coverage for losses above the self-insured retention of the commercial property insurance. Additional Information We maintain a website at www.ventasreit.com and an Investor Relations website at ir.ventasreit.com. We use our Investor Relations website as a means of disclosing material information. Accordingly, investors should monitor our Investor Relations website in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The information on our website and our Investor Relations website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report, and our web addresses are included as an inactive textual reference only. We make available, free of charge, through our Investor Relations website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In addition, our Guidelines on Governance, Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (including waivers from and amendments to that document) and the charters for each of our Audit and Compliance, NGCR and Compensation Committees are available on our Investor Relations website, and we will mail copies of the foregoing documents to stockholders, free of charge, upon request to our Corporate Secretary at Ventas, Inc., 300 North LaSalle Street, Suite 1600, Chicago, Illinois 60654. GOVERNMENT REGULATION United States Healthcare Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement We, along with our managers, tenants and borrowers in the United States, are subject to or impacted by extensive and complex federal, state and local healthcare laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to quality of care, licensure and certificates of need ( CON ), conduct of operations, government reimbursement, such as Medicare and Medicaid, fraud and abuse, qualifications of personnel, appropriateness and classification of care, adequacy of plant and equipment and data privacy and cybersecurity. In our SHOP segment, these laws and regulations typically apply directly to us and our senior housing communities, where we generally hold the applicable healthcare licenses. In some instances, we enroll in government reimbursement programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, on behalf of the communities in our SHOP segment. In our other segments, our tenants and borrowers are typically subject to these laws and regulations. Imposition of sanctions 11 Table of Contents associated with these laws and regulations could adversely affect the tenant s or borrower s ability to satisfy their obligations to us. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our operating assets in our SHOP segment may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy If our managers , tenants or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory We and our managers, tenants and borrowers may be adversely affected by regulation and enforcement included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Healthcare laws and regulations are wide-ranging and complex. Noncompliance may result in the imposition of civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, including: the loss or suspension of accreditation, licenses or CONs; suspension of or non-payment for new admissions; denial of reimbursement; fines; suspension, decertification, or exclusion from federal and state healthcare programs; or facility closure. Changes in laws or regulations, reimbursement policies, enforcement activity and regulatory non-compliance by us or our managers, tenants or borrowers could have a significant effect on our and their operations and financial condition, which in turn may adversely impact us, as detailed below and set forth under Risk Factors Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Licensure, Certification and CONs Senior housing communities, other than independent living communities, are subject to state and local healthcare laws that may require licenses, certifications and permits in order to operate, and may vary greatly from one jurisdiction to another. Our senior housing communities that receive government reimbursement payments are also subject to extensive federal laws and regulation. Our tenants or borrowers who operate other facilities, such as SNFs, LTACs, IRFs, health systems and medical practices, are typically subject to extensive federal and state regulation and must hold various licenses, certifications, and permits. Licensure and certification may be conditioned on requirements related to, among other things, the quality of medical care provided, compliance with staffing levels and reporting requirements, qualifications of the operator s administrative personnel and clinical staff, adequacy of the physical plant and equipment and continuing compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Sanctions for failure to comply with licensure and certification laws and regulations include loss of licensure or certification and ability to participate in or receive payments from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, suspension of or non-payment for new admissions, fines, and potential criminal penalties. Many of our licensed facilities, tenants and borrowers are subject to state CON laws, which require governmental approval prior to the development or expansion of licensed facilities and services. The approval process in states with CON laws generally requires a facility to demonstrate the need for additional or expanded licensed facilities or services. CONs, where applicable, are also sometimes necessary for changes in ownership or control of licensed facilities, addition of beds, investment in major capital equipment, introduction of new services or termination of services previously approved through the CON process. CON laws and regulations may restrict our or our tenants ability to expand and grow in certain circumstances, which could have an adverse effect on our or their revenues. Fraud and Abuse Enforcement Participants in the U.S. healthcare industry are subject to complex federal and state civil and criminal laws and regulations governing healthcare provider referrals, relationships and arrangements. These laws include: (i) federal and state false claims acts, which generally prohibit providers from filing false claims or making false statements to receive payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare programs; (ii) federal and state anti-kickback and fee-splitting statutes, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or generate business involving healthcare items or services payable by Medicare or Medicaid; (iii) federal and state physician self- 12 Table of Contents referral laws, which generally prohibit referrals of certain services by physicians to entities with which the physician or an immediate family member has a financial relationship; and (iv) the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which requires a lower burden of proof than other fraud and abuse laws and prohibits, among other things, the knowing presentation of a false or fraudulent claim for certain healthcare services. Violating these healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations may result in criminal and civil penalties, such as punitive sanctions, damage assessments, monetary penalties, imprisonment, denial of Medicare and Medicaid payments, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. These laws and regulations are enforced by a variety of federal, state and local governmental agencies, and many can also be enforced by private litigants through federal and state false claims acts and other laws that allow private individuals to bring whistleblower suits known as qui tam actions. Government Reimbursement Sources of revenue for us and some of our tenants and borrowers include, among others, governmental healthcare programs, such as the federal Medicare programs and state Medicaid programs, and non-governmental third-party payors, such as insurance carriers and health maintenance organizations. Medicare is a federal health insurance program for persons aged 65 and over, some disabled persons, persons with end-stage renal disease and persons with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Medicaid is a medical assistance program for eligible needy persons that is funded jointly by federal and state governments and administered by the states. Medicaid eligibility requirements and benefits vary by state. The Medicare and Medicaid programs are highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes resulting from legislation, regulations and administrative and judicial interpretations of existing law. Federal and state governments have made and continue to make significant modifications to the Medicare and Medicaid programs, including changes intended to reduce government spending. These changes may include, for example, reductions in reimbursement rates, funding restrictions, limitations on payments to Medicare and Medicaid managed care plans and cost control strategies such as increased enrollment in managed care programs. Private payors, such as insurance companies, are typically for-profit companies and are continuously seeking opportunities to control healthcare costs. In some cases, private payors rely on Medicare reimbursement systems to determine reimbursement rates, such that changes in government health care programs that reduce payments under those programs may negatively impact payments from private payors. These changes may result in reduced or slower growth in reimbursement for certain services provided by some of our tenants and borrowers. Additionally, the U.S. Congress and certain state legislatures have introduced and passed a large number of proposals and legislation affecting the healthcare system, including laws that directly or indirectly affect reimbursement. For example, the federal budget reconciliation bill, H.R. 1, enacted on July 4, 2025, (the OBBBA ), includes several healthcare policy changes that are expected to result in Medicaid spending reductions and changes in administration of state Medicaid programs. The law requires changes to Medicaid financing mechanisms, some of which are intended to reduce the federal matching funds received by state Medicaid programs. Reductions in federal Medicaid funds and increases to state administrative burdens could have a significant impact on Medicaid programs, such as limitations on eligibility or coverage, particularly if states are unable to offset federal funding reductions. In recent years, governmental and commercial payers have made efforts to promote shifting from traditional fee-for-service reimbursement models to alternative payment models that tie reimbursement to quality and cost of care, such as accountable care organizations and bundled payments. It is difficult to predict the nature and success of future financial or delivery system reforms, but changes to reimbursement rates and related policies could adversely impact our and our tenants results of operations. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Capital Structure Changes in the U.S. political and regulatory environment could affect availability of government funding that we or our managers, tenants or borrowers rely on, which could negatively impact our business included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. CARES Act and Similar Governmental Funding Programs 13 Table of Contents In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020, Congress enacted a series of economic stimulus and relief measures through the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021. Other domestic, foreign, local, regional or national governments also implemented similar grant programs. We, and our managers, tenants and borrowers, applied for and received grants under these types of government programs. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) Office of Inspector General, the Pandemic Response Accountability Committee and other governments each may have the right to conduct audits of our, or our managers , tenants or borrowers , use of funds from such programs and may have the right to recoup some or all of the payments if it determines those payments were not made or the funds not used in compliance with its rules, regulations and interpretive guidance. International Healthcare Regulation Our SHOP segment includes senior housing communities in Canada and the United Kingdom. Our SHOP operations and the operations of our tenants in those countries are subject to a variety of healthcare laws and regulations related to, among other things, quality of care, licensure, government reimbursement and fraud and abuse. Our senior living communities in Canada are provincially regulated. Within each province, there are different categories for senior living residences that are generally based on the level of care sought or required by a resident (e.g., assisted or retirement living, senior living residences, residential care, long-term care). In some of these categories and depending on the province, residences may be government funded, or the individual residents may be eligible for a government subsidy, while other residences are exclusively private-pay. The governing legislation and regulations vary by province, but generally impose licensing requirements and requirements related to quality control, public health, infection control and other care-related operating standards. These laws empower regulators in each province to take a variety of steps to ensure compliance, conduct inspections, issue reports and generally regulate the industry. These laws typically apply directly to us and our senior living communities in Canada, where we generally hold the applicable operating licenses. Also, certain provinces (such as Quebec) impose rent control regulations that apply to our senior living communities. In the United Kingdom, operations in our senior housing communities are principally regulated as care home services under the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (as amended) and other regulations including the Health and Care Act 2022 and the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated Activities) (Amendment) Regulations 2023. This legislation subjects service providers to standards of care and requires that all persons carrying out such activities be registered and comply with requirements related to, among other things, ensuring the senior housing communities provide safe, effective care and are caring, responsive and well-led, and that managers of such persons be registered and be fit and proper persons . In the case of our senior housing communities in the UK that are in our SHOP segment, we are required to be registered under such legislation and are directly subject to such requirements. A failure to comply with such requirements may result in, among other things, substantial fines and criminal prosecutions in certain cases. Sources of revenue for our senior housing communities in the United Kingdom include federal (including the National Health Service) and local governmental authorities in addition to private payors. Data Privacy and Cybersecurity We and our managers, tenants and borrowers are subject to federal, state and international laws and regulations related to data privacy and cybersecurity. These statutes, and other similar federal, state and 14 Table of Contents international laws and regulations that may be enacted in the future, may require us or our managers, tenants or borrowers to modify our or their data processing and cybersecurity practices and policies, incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses and otherwise suffer adverse impacts on our or their business. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory We and our managers, tenants and borrowers may be adversely affected by complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. We and our managers, tenants and borrowers may be subject to data privacy and cybersecurity regulations issued pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended ( HIPAA ). These regulations restrict the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information ( protected health information or PHI ), provide for individual rights and require safeguards for PHI and notification of breaches of unsecure PHI. Entities subject to HIPAA include most healthcare providers, including some of our managers, tenants and borrowers. These covered entities are required to implement administrative, physical and technical practices to protect the security of PHI that is electronically maintained or transmitted. Business associates of covered entities who create, receive, maintain or transmit PHI are also subject to certain HIPAA provisions. Violations of HIPAA may result in substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties. The Federal Trade Commission uses its consumer protection authority to initiate enforcement actions in response to data breaches and regulate unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including with respect to data privacy and cybersecurity. The U.S. Congress has considered, and will likely in the future consider, proposals for more comprehensive federal data privacy and cybersecurity legislation to which we or our managers, tenants and borrowers may be subject if passed. Data privacy and cybersecurity are areas of increasing state legislative focus, and states are increasingly proposing or enacting legislation that relates to data privacy and cybersecurity. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the CCPA ), gives California residents certain rights with respect to their personal information. Other states where we or our managers, tenants or borrowers do business, or may in the future do business, have enacted, or are considering enacting, comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity laws that share similarities with the CCPA, for example the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, effective as of July 1, 2024. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states and most U.S. territories generally require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach, and we or our managers, tenants or borrowers may be required to report events related to data privacy or cybersecurity issues, events where customer information may be compromised, unauthorized access to our or their systems or networks and other security breaches, to affected individuals or the relevant regulatory authorities. Our senior housing communities in Canada are subject to data privacy and cybersecurity legislation, including, in certain provinces, data privacy and cybersecurity laws specifically related to personal health information. Although the obligations of senior living residences in the various provinces differ, they all include the obligation to protect personal information. The powers of data privacy and cybersecurity regulators and penalties for violations of data privacy and cybersecurity laws vary according to the applicable law or are left to the courts. In the United Kingdom, providers of care home services, including us and our tenants and managers, are subject to the U.K. s Data Protection Act 2018, U.K. General Data Protection Regulation, Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations and Data (Use and Access) Act 2025 (collectively, U.K. Data Protection Laws ), which govern the processing of personal data (including in relation to employees, clients and recipients of care home services). The U.K. Data Protection Laws impose a significant number of obligations on data controllers with the potential for fines of up to 4% of annual worldwide turnover or 17.5 million, whichever is greater. Regulation Impacting our Life Sciences Research Tenants Some of our tenants, including university-affiliated organizations and private sector companies, conduct life sciences, medical device or related research. These tenants may be dependent on the public markets, private investors, the federal government agencies, such as the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ), or other 15 Table of Contents sources of funding to support their activities. Creating a new pharmaceutical product or medical device requires substantial investments of time and capital, in part because of the extensive regulation of the healthcare industry. It also entails considerable risk of failure in demonstrating that the product is safe and effective and in gaining regulatory approval and market acceptance. Therefore, these tenants may face high levels of regulation, expense and uncertainty. Our tenants with marketable products may be adversely affected by healthcare reform and government reimbursement policies, including changes under the current presidential administration or by private healthcare payors. Tax Regulation We elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 1999. Provided we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income taxes on our REIT taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. This treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation that ordinarily results from investment in a C corporation. We are required to pay income tax in certain circumstances, including on taxable income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiaries. We are subject to state and local tax in the United States and certain states that do not conform completely to the federal income tax rules. We also are subject to non-U.S. tax on our operations in Canada and in the United Kingdom, as our U.S. REIT status does not by itself afford us special tax status in those countries. We attempt to structure our investments outside of the U.S. in the most efficient manner possible, but do expect to incur some tax expense on our non-U.S. operations, which could increase due to tax rate increases, interest expense limitations or other changes in law. In particular, legislation related to interest expense deductibility in Canada may have a significant impact on our income tax expense and cash taxes. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our REIT Status Legislative or other actions affecting REITs or taxes could have a negative effect on our stockholders or us included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. The Code defines a REIT as a corporation, trust or association: 1. that is managed by one or more trustees or directors; 2. that issues transferable shares or transferable certificates to evidence its beneficial ownership; 3. that would be taxable as a domestic corporation, but for Sections 856 through 860 of the Code; 4. that is not a financial institution or an insurance company within the meaning of certain provisions of the Code; 5. that is beneficially owned by 100 or more persons; 6. not more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of which is owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals, including certain specified entities, during the last half of each taxable year; and 7. that meets other tests, regarding the nature of its income and assets and the amount of its distributions. We believe that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that has allowed us, and will continue to allow us, to satisfy conditions (1) through (7) inclusive, during the relevant time periods, and we intend to continue to be organized and operate in this manner. However, qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet the various qualification tests imposed under the Code, including through actual operating results, asset composition, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. Accordingly, no 16 Table of Contents assurance can be given that we will be organized or will be able to operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. If we lose our status as a REIT (currently or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired), we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders for each of the years involved because: We would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax; We could be subject to increased state and local taxes; and Unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified. In addition, in such event we would no longer be required to pay dividends to maintain REIT status, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our REIT Status. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Our senior housing communities, including certain of our independent living communities, that are considered qualified health care properties that are not leased to a third party operator generally must be owned and operated in a structure where we engage a third-party manager to manage and operate the senior housing communities. For these senior housing communities we are required to rely on a third-party manager to manage and operate the property, including for purposes of procuring supplies, hiring and training all employees, entering into all third-party contracts for the benefit of the property, including resident/patient agreements, complying with laws and regulations, including but not limited to healthcare laws, and providing resident care and services, in exchange for a management fee. The majority of senior housing communities in our SHOP segment are characterized as qualified health care properties that must be operated by third-party managers. On July 4, 2025, the OBBBA was signed into law. The OBBBA includes several significant provisions, such as the permanent extension of certain expiring provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, reforms to Medicaid and other changes to the Code that affect us and our investors. Among other things, the OBBBA (i) permanently extended the 20% deduction for qualified REIT dividends for our stockholders who are individuals and non-corporate taxpayers under Section 199A of the Code, (ii) increased the percentage limit under the REIT asset test applicable to our TRSs from 20% to 25% for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, and (iii) increased the base for the 30% interest deduction limit under Section 163(j) of the Code by modifying the definition of adjusted taxable income to exclude depreciation, amortization and depletion expense for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024. The OBBBA also contains numerous provisions that may affect our or our managers , tenants or borrowers operations, including but not limited to provisions that pertain to funding of government reimbursement programs, which in turn may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. See Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report for additional discussion of the risks and uncertainties we and our managers, tenants or borrowers may face. Environmental Regulation A wide variety of federal, local and foreign environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations affect our assets. These complex federal, local and foreign statutes, and their enforcement, involve a myriad of regulations, many of which impose strict liability on offenders. Some of these federal, local and foreign laws and regulations may directly impact us. Under various federal, local and foreign environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner of real property or a secured lender, such as us, may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances at, under or disposed of in connection with 17 Table of Contents such property, as well as other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including government fines and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property). See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory We could incur substantial liabilities and costs if any of our properties are found to be contaminated with hazardous substances or we become involved in any environmental disputes in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. With respect to our properties that are operated by third parties, we may be held primarily or jointly and severally liable for costs relating to the investigation and cleanup of any property from which there is or has been an actual or threatened release of a regulated material and any other affected properties, regardless of whether we knew of or caused the release. Such costs typically are not limited by law or regulation and could exceed the property s value. In addition, we may be liable for certain other costs, such as governmental fines and injuries to persons, property or natural resources, as a result of any such actual or threatened release. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our operating assets in our SHOP segment may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Under the terms of our leases and loans, we generally have a right to indemnification by the tenants of our properties or borrowers for any contamination caused by them. In some instances, we have agreed to indemnify our managers and tenants against any environmental claims (including penalties and cleanup costs) resulting from any condition arising in, on or under, or relating to, the applicable properties at any time before the applicable lease or management commencement date. With respect to SHOP, we have agreed to indemnify our managers against any environmental claims (including penalties and cleanup costs) resulting from any condition on those properties. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors This section discusses material factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. It does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed below or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected, and the value of our securities could decline. As set forth below, we believe that the risks we face generally fall into the following categories: Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy Risks Relating to Our Capital Structure Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks Relating to Our REIT Status Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy Macroeconomic trends, including trends relating to labor costs, unemployment, inflation, interest rates and exchange rates, may affect our business and financial results. 18 Table of Contents Macroeconomic trends, including unfavorable trends relating to labor costs, unemployment, inflation, interest rates and exchange rates, may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Increased labor costs and a shortage of available skilled and unskilled workers may impact our or our managers , tenants or borrowers workforce, including employees at our senior housing communities. To the extent we or our managers, tenants or borrowers cannot hire sufficient qualified workers, we or they may need to rely on high-cost alternatives to meet labor needs, including contract and overtime labor. In addition, we and our managers, tenants and borrowers compete with various other companies in attracting and retaining qualified and skilled personnel. Competitive pressures may require that we or our managers, tenants or borrowers enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for such personnel. We and our managers, tenants and borrowers may not be able to offset additional staffing costs by increasing the rates we charge, whether to residents, tenants or others. If there is an increase in these costs or if we or our managers, tenants and borrowers fail to attract and retain qualified and skilled personnel, our respective businesses and operating results could be adversely affected. See also To the extent that we or our managers, tenants and borrowers are unable to navigate successfully the trends affecting our or their businesses and the industries in which we or they operate, we may be adversely affected. Many of our costs and the costs of our managers, tenants and borrowers, including operating and administrative expenses, interest expense and real estate acquisition and construction costs, are subject to inflation. Any increase in inflation that results in an increase in such costs could adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial condition. These costs include expenses for contracted services, utilities, repairs and maintenance and insurance and general and administrative costs including compensation costs and fees for technology and professional services. See also We may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in materials and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of our construction projects . Property taxes are also impacted by inflationary changes because taxes in some jurisdictions are regularly reassessed based on changes in the fair value of our properties. We may not be able to offset such additional costs by passing them through, or increasing the rates we charge, to residents and tenants. Rising interest rates may result in higher operating and incremental borrowing costs for us and our managers, tenants and borrowers. Increases in or elevated interest rates may also result in a decrease in the value of our real estate and a decrease in our cash flows and net income. See also We are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective . Elevated inflation or higher than expected interest rates due to macrodevelopments, U.S. government policies or otherwise could negatively impact consumer spending, our and our managers , tenants and borrowers businesses and future demand for our properties. Additionally, the perception by consumers of weak or weakening market conditions may reduce disposable income and impact consumer spending in senior housing or healthcare, which could adversely affect our financial results. See also If our managers , tenants or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected and Market conditions, the actual and perceived state of the capital markets generally and limitations on our ability to access such markets could negatively impact our business and have an adverse effect on us, including our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy . Further, we are exposed to general economic conditions, local, regional, national and international economic conditions and other events and occurrences that affect the markets in which we own properties. Our operating performance is impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties and could be adversely affected if conditions become less favorable in any such markets. A substantial portion of our revenues are derived from properties in California, Texas, New York, Quebec, Canada and Illinois. As a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting 19 Table of Contents these regions, including downturns in the local economies or changes in local real estate conditions, changing demographics, increased construction and competition or decreased demand for our properties, regional disruptions to, or limited availability of, utilities and other services and changes in the state and local legal and regulatory environment. Our inability to respond to such conditions, events or occurrences could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in the U.S. political and regulatory environment could affect availability of government funding that we or our managers, tenants or borrowers rely on, which could negatively impact our business. We and our managers, tenants and borrowers may rely on government programs or agencies as a source of funding. From time to time, lawmakers or regulators may take actions that result in significant changes to the healthcare system in the United States, including with respect to government funding of or from NIH, Medicare and Medicaid. Our tenants include universities, academic medical centers and other research institutions whose funding may be dependent on grants from government agencies, such as the NIH and similar agencies or organizations. Other of our tenants, such as LTACs, SNFs, IRFs and certain healthcare facilities, may rely on reimbursement from Medicare and/or Medicaid. Our managers, tenants and borrowers who operate senior housing communities typically depend on private pay sources consisting of the income or assets of residents or their family members to pay fees but may in some limited circumstances receive payments from government reimbursement programs like Medicare and Medicaid. Funding from government agencies and reimbursement programs such as the NIH, Medicare and Medicaid, including the overall availability and reimbursement rates under these programs, often fluctuates and is subject to the political process, which is often unpredictable. For example, in 2025, the U.S. administration adopted substantial policy changes that affect research and government program funding. Certain of our tenants, including certain university tenants, may depend on NIH grants and reimbursements to partially fund research and in some cases to pay rent for space in our properties. In addition, federal policymakers have proposed and enacted policies to reduce overall healthcare spending which could impact our managers, tenants and borrowers. Any reduction in the availability or rate of funding or reimbursement, or delays surrounding the approval of such funding or reimbursement, may adversely impact our managers , tenants or borrowers operations or may cause our tenants to cease making rent payment payments to us or delay or forgo leasing space in our properties, which in turn may negatively impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, such developments could adversely impact the overall demand for space in our properties. To the extent that we or our managers, tenants and borrowers are unable to navigate successfully the trends affecting our or their businesses and the industries in which we or they operate, we may be adversely affected. Our managers, tenants and borrowers include senior housing managers, hospitals, post-acute facilities and other healthcare systems, medical practices and life sciences and technology companies that are subject to a complex set of trends affecting their businesses and the industries in which they operate. If we or they are unable to successfully navigate these trends, our business, financial condition and operating results and that of our managers, tenants and borrowers could be adversely affected. There have been, and there are expected to continue to be, advances and changes in technology, payment models, healthcare delivery models, public policy, regulation and consumer behavior and perception that could reduce demand for on-site activities provided at our properties. If our managers, tenants or borrowers are unable to adapt to long-term changes in demand, their financial condition could be materially impacted and our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. In addition, our managers, tenants and borrowers face a highly competitive labor market, which has been compounded by general inflationary pressures on wages and could be further compounded by a shortage of care givers or other trained personnel, union activities or minimum wage laws. For example, California 20 Table of Contents SB-525, which was signed into law in June 2023 and became effective for healthcare workers in 2024, requires certain healthcare facility employers to pay wages for certain covered employees that are higher than other state-mandated minimum wages. Pressures such as these may require our managers, tenants and borrowers to comply with regulations or enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for trained personnel or use high-cost alternatives to meet labor needs, including contract and overtime labor. They may be unable to offset these increased costs by increasing the amounts they charge their patients, residents or clients. Rising labor expense could negatively impact the financial condition of our managers, tenants and borrowers and impair their ability to meet their obligations to us. These and other trends could significantly and adversely affect the profitability of these tenants, which could affect their ability to make payments or meet their other obligations to us or their willingness to renew their leases on terms that are as favorable to us, or at all. Our managers and tenants operate or exert substantial control over the properties that they manage or lease from us, which limits our control and influence over operations and results. A significant portion of our properties are either managed for us by third-party managers or leased from us by third-party tenants. Our third-party managers and tenants are ultimately in control of the day-to-day business of the properties that they manage for or lease from us. We have limited rights to direct or influence the business or operations of those properties. Although we may have the right under specified circumstances to terminate our arrangements with these third parties or pursue other remedies, we either may not be able to enforce these rights or may choose not to enforce these rights if we believe that enforcement would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches. We depend on these third parties to operate our properties in a manner that complies with applicable law and regulation, minimizes legal risk and maximizes the value of our investment. These third parties may have business interests, goals and competing interests which conflict with ours. Additionally, new or smaller third-party managers may have less experience and require more oversight or attention. The failure by these third parties to operate these properties efficiently and effectively and adequately manage the related risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our managers , tenants or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely heavily on our managers, tenants and borrowers and on their ability to perform their obligations to us, regardless of whether our relationship is structured as a management agreement, lease or loan. We have limited control over the success or failure of their businesses. At any time, our managers, tenants or borrowers may experience a weakening in their overall financial or operating condition as a result of deteriorating operating performance or trends affecting their businesses and industries in which they operate. See also Macroeconomic trends, including trends relating to labor costs, unemployment, inflation, interest rates and exchange rates, may affect our business and financial results, To the extent that we or our managers, tenants and borrowers are unable to navigate successfully the trends affecting our or their businesses and the industries in which we or they operate, we may be adversely affected and Changes in the U.S. political and regulatory environment could affect availability of government funding that we or our managers, tenants or borrowers rely on, which could negatively impact our business . Our managers, tenants and borrowers depend on their ability to attract seniors, patients and other users of their services to their businesses, which may be affected by many factors, including, among other factors: (i) prevailing economic conditions and market trends, including market volatility, inflation and the strength of the economy generally and the housing market in particular; (ii) the ability to pay for such services, either through private resources or government reimbursement programs; (iii) consumer confidence; (iv) demographics; (v) property conditions; (vi) clinical conditions and safety, including as a result of a severe cold and flu season, an 21 Table of Contents epidemic or any other widespread illness or pandemic; (vi) public perception about such healthcare services; and (vii) social and environmental factors. If our managers, tenants or borrowers fail to effectively conduct their operations, or to maintain and improve our properties on our behalf, it could adversely affect (i) their ability to attract and retain residents and patients in our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our and our managers , tenants or borrowers business, financial condition or results of operations (ii) our business reputation as the owner of the properties and (iii) the business reputation of our managers, tenants or borrowers. If that happens, the manager, tenant or borrower may fail to make payments or meet its other obligations to us, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Although we may have the right under specified circumstances to terminate our management agreements, terminate a lease, evict a tenant, demand immediate repayment of outstanding loan amounts or pursue other remedies, we may not be able to enforce these rights, or we may determine it is not prudent to do so if we believe that enforcement of our rights would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches. Further, if a manager, tenant or borrower defaults or fails to pay its outstanding obligations at a time when it is difficult or not possible to terminate our agreement with or replace such manager, tenant or borrower, we may elect instead to amend such agreement or lease, which may be on terms that are less favorable to us than the original agreements and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy or insolvency of our managers, tenants, borrowers and other obligors. At any time, any of our managers, tenants or borrowers could experience a downturn in their business, decline in their operating results or deterioration in their overall financial condition, which could ultimately lead to their bankruptcy or insolvency. Bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization that may render certain of our rights and remedies unenforceable or delay our ability to pursue such rights and remedies and realize any recoveries. For example, we cannot evict a tenant solely because it has filed a bankruptcy petition. A debtor-lessee may reject our lease in a bankruptcy proceeding, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. We may be unable to exercise available termination rights under our management contracts or leases during the pendency of any bankruptcy petition. We also may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (such as real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties or transition our properties to a new manager or tenant. Bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings may result in increased costs and require significant management attention and resources. If we are unable to transition affected properties efficiently and effectively, such properties could experience prolonged operational disruption, leading to lower occupancy rates and further depressed revenues. Publicity about a manager s, tenant s or borrower s financial condition and insolvency proceedings may negatively impact its reputation, which could result in decreased customer demand and revenues. Any or all of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks would be magnified where we lease multiple properties to a single third party, as a failure or default could expose us to these risks across multiple properties. See also If a borrower defaults, we may be unable to obtain payment, successfully foreclose on collateral or realize the value of any collateral, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investment. 22 Table of Contents A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Ardent, Kindred, Atria, Sunrise and Le Groupe Maurice. The portfolios leased by us to Ardent and Kindred represent a substantial portion of our NNN portfolio and account for a significant portion of our NNN revenues and NOI. We depend on Ardent and Kindred to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and to comply with the terms of the mortgage financing, if any, affecting the properties they lease from us. These tenants have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses. We cannot assure you that they will be able to, or will continue to, satisfy their obligations to us. Any failure by any one of Ardent or Kindred to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve the properties they lease from us could adversely affect their financial condition and, in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on Atria, Sunrise and Le Groupe Maurice to manage a significant portion of the properties in our SHOP segment, including by setting appropriate resident fees, managing expenses, providing accurate property-level financial results in a timely manner and otherwise managing risk and operating our senior housing communities profitably and in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable law and regulation. Any adverse developments in such managers business and affairs or financial condition or changes in their ownership or leadership could impair their ability to manage our properties and the associated risks effectively and in compliance with law and regulation which could adversely affect the financial performance of our properties and our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are vulnerable to adverse changes affecting our specific asset classes and the real estate industry generally. We invest in a variety of asset classes in real estate, including senior housing, outpatient medical, research, long-term acute care facilities and other healthcare facilities. There can be no assurance that in a particular economic or operational environment all assets will perform equally well or that our balance sheet will be appropriately balanced. Each of our asset classes are subject to their own dynamics and their own specific operational, financial, compliance, regulatory and market risks. A broad downturn or slowdown in the healthcare real estate sector could have a greater adverse impact on our business than if we had investments in multiple industries and could negatively impact the ability of our managers, tenants and borrowers to meet their obligations to us. A downturn or slowdown in any one of our asset classes could adversely affect the value of our properties in such asset class and our ability to sell such properties at prices or on terms acceptable or favorable to us if at all. We are exposed to the risks inherent in investments in real estate. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid, and our ability to quickly sell or exchange our properties in response to changes in economic or other conditions is limited. If we market any of our properties for sale, the value of those properties and our ability to sell at prices or on terms acceptable to us could be adversely affected by a downturn in the real estate industry. Transfers of healthcare real estate may be subject to regulatory approvals that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial real estate. We cannot assure you that we will recognize the full value of any property that we sell, and the inability to respond quickly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Ownership of properties or operation of our business outside the United States may subject us to different or greater risks than those associated with our domestic operations . We own properties and operate in the United Kingdom and Canada, which represent 1.2% and 9.5% of our total revenues, respectively. International development, ownership and operating activities involve risks that are different from those we face with respect to our U.S. properties and operations. These risks include, but are 23 Table of Contents not limited to: (i) foreign currency fluctuations and challenges with respect to the repatriation of foreign earnings and cash; (ii) treatment of international currency gains or losses under certain tests required for us to maintain our status as a REIT; (iii) impact from international trade disputes and the associated impact on our managers , tenants and borrowers supply chain and consumer spending levels; (iv) changes in foreign political, regulatory and economic conditions; (v) challenges in staffing and labor and managing international operations, including negotiating with foreign labor unions; (vi) challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to real estate, corporate governance, operations, licensing, taxes, data privacy (including U.K. GDPR), cybersecurity, employment and legal proceedings; (vii) changes in regulatory and environmental requirements, taxes, tariffs, trade wars and laws; (viii) foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in foreign countries; (ix) local businesses and cultural factors that differ from our usual standards and practices; (x) differences in lending practices and the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing; (xi) regional or country-specific business cycles and political and economic instability; and (xii) failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the United States that affect foreign operations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. O