=== VTR_2026-02-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report. We operate through three reportable segments: senior housing operating portfolio, which we refer to as SHOP, outpatient medical and research portfolio, which we refer to as OM R, and triple-net leased properties, which we refer to as NNN. We also hold assets outside of our reportable segments, which we refer to as non-segment assets, and which consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments, accounts receivable and investments in unconsolidated entities. Our investments in unconsolidated entities include investments made through our third-party institutional private capital management platform, Ventas Investment Management ( VIM ). Through VIM, we partner with third-party institutional investors to invest in real estate through various joint ventures and other co-investment vehicles where we are the sponsor or general partner, including our open-ended investment vehicle, the Ventas Life Science Healthcare Real Estate Fund (the Ventas Fund ). Our investments in unconsolidated entities also include investments in operating entities, such as Ardent Health, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, Ardent ) and Atria Senior Living, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, Atria ). See our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes, including Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of the combined properties in each operating segment and determines how to allocate resources to these segments based on net operating income ( NOI ) for each segment. See our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes, including Note 2 Accounting Policies and Note 18 Segment Information included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. The following table summarizes information for our portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2025 (dollars in thousands): 1 Table of Contents Segment NOI (1) Percentage of Total NOI Segment Properties Senior housing operating portfolio (SHOP) $ 1,184,064 49.4 % 752 Outpatient medical and research portfolio (OM R) 590,169 24.7 % 409 Triple-net leased properties (NNN) 588,073 24.6 % 213 Non-segment (2) 30,748 1.3 % n/a $ 2,393,054 100 % 1,374 ______________________________ (1) NOI is defined as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and third-party capital management expenses. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional disclosure and a reconciliation of Net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), to NOI. (2) NOI for non-segment includes management fees and promote revenues, net of expenses related to our third-party institutional private capital management platform, income from loans and investments and corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable segments. n/a not applicable Business Strategy For nearly three decades, Ventas has pursued a strategy focused on delivering outsized value to stockholders and other key stakeholders by enabling exceptional environments that benefit a large and growing aging population. Working with industry-leading care providers, partners and research and medical institutions, our collaborative and experienced team is focused on achieving consistent, superior total returns through: (1) delivering profitable organic growth in senior housing, (2) capturing value-creating external growth focused on senior housing, (3) generating strong cash flow throughout our portfolio of high-quality assets unified in meeting demographic demand and (4) maintaining financial strength, flexibility and liquidity. Our objective is to generate reliable and growing cash flows from our portfolio, which enables us to pay regular cash dividends to stockholders and creates opportunities to increase stockholder value. Our Businesses Senior Housing Operating Portfolio (SHOP) In our SHOP segment, we own and invest in senior housing communities. We participate directly in the financial performance of the communities operations and are generally responsible for all operational costs, expenses and other liabilities. We typically engage third-party managers to operate the communities on our behalf but generally hold applicable healthcare licenses and enroll in applicable government healthcare programs on behalf of the communities in our SHOP segment. In order to support our SHOP segment, we developed Ventas OI , a proprietary data and analytics platform, to provide us with timely access to high-quality data that informs real-time decisions. Through Ventas OI , we collect and assess data from a variety of sources, including proprietary data from our senior housing operations and external data sources. This data supports business models and automated dashboard reporting that are enabled by machine learning, providing us with reporting systems business intelligence dashboards, marketing and sales analytics, competitive intelligence and geospatial analytics. Ventas OI blends our operational expertise and data analytics to engage the managers, enhance the performance of our communities and elevate the quality of care and services delivered to residents. We also leverage Ventas OI for our investment and capital expenditure decisions. 2 Table of Contents The senior housing communities in our SHOP segment include independent living communities, assisted living communities, memory care communities and continuing care retirement communities. Independent living communities are typically age-restricted multifamily rental properties with central dining facilities that provide residents with access to meals and other services such as housekeeping, linen service, transportation and social and recreational activities. Assisted living communities typically offer similar services as independent living communities, plus supportive care that is provided by trained employees to residents who require assistance with activities of daily living, such as bathing, dressing and medication management. Memory care communities provide care for individuals with Alzheimer s disease and other forms of dementia or memory loss. Continuing care retirement communities are typically age-restricted properties that offer a continuum of care, and may include a combination of independent living, assisted living, memory care and skilled nursing units. Our assisted living, memory care and continuing care retirement communities are generally subject to state licensure requirements for the delivery of some or all of their services, while our independent living communities generally are not. Charges for room, board and services at these communities are generally paid from private sources, with limited reliance on government reimbursement programs such as Medicaid. Because we have elected to be taxed as a REIT, we are subject to restrictions impacting how we invest in, operate or manage our properties, including the senior housing communities in our SHOP segment. Some of those restrictions depend on whether a senior housing community is treated as a qualified health care property under the REIT rules. Senior housing communities in our SHOP segment that are qualified health care properties generally must be managed and operated by a third-party manager, including for purposes of procuring supplies, hiring and training employees, entering into third-party contracts for the benefit of the community and providing resident care and services. Senior housing communities that are not qualified health care properties may be managed by us directly through a taxable REIT subsidiary or by a third-party manager. The majority of senior housing communities in our SHOP segment are characterized as qualified health care properties that must be operated by third-party managers. See Government Regulation Tax Regulation included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. Where we engage a third-party manager, either by choice or as required by REIT tax rules, we generally rely on the third-party managers personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, risk management processes, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage the senior housing communities operations efficiently and effectively. We also rely on the third-party managers to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results in a timely manner and otherwise manage risk and operate the senior housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. We are generally responsible for all operational costs, expenses and other risks and liabilities. While our managers typically indemnify us for liabilities arising out of certain of their actions such as gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, we may not be able to enforce these rights, or we may determine it is not prudent to do so if we believe that enforcement of our rights would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our operating assets in our SHOP segment may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Our management agreements typically have fixed terms and are subject to renewal under certain conditions. These agreements may include provisions for termination under specific circumstances, with or without the payment of a fee. The managers generally receive annual management fees which are calculated based on various performance measures, which may include revenue, NOI and other objective financial metrics. Incentive fees may be awarded if specified performance targets are met. 3 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2025, we engaged 39 third-party managers to operate the 752 properties in our SHOP segment on our behalf. The following table provides information regarding our significant SHOP manager concentration as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025: Percentage of Total NOI for the year ended December 31, 2025 Segment Properties as of December 31, 2025 Percentage of Segment Properties as of December 31, 2025 Atria Senior Living, Inc. 17.7 % 194 14.1 % Sunrise Senior Living, LLC 6.8 98 7.1 Le Groupe Maurice 5.6 37 2.7 The properties in our SHOP segment managed by Atria, Sunrise Senior Living, LLC (together with its subsidiaries, Sunrise ) and Le Groupe Maurice (together with its subsidiaries, Le Groupe Maurice ) accounted for a significant portion of our SHOP segment revenues and NOI for the year ended December 31, 2025. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Concentration Risk included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Ardent, Kindred, Atria, Sunrise and Le Groupe Maurice included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. As of December 31, 2025, we held a 34% ownership interest in Atria, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, as well as the right to appoint two members to the Atria Board of Directors. See Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Outpatient Medical and Research Portfolio (OM R) In our OM R segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage outpatient medical buildings and research centers. Our outpatient medical buildings, which are predominantly located on or contiguous to a health system campus, are generally multi-tenant properties leased to health systems and several unrelated medical practices, although in many cases they may be associated with a large single specialty or multi-specialty group, including neighboring health systems. Tenants typically require customized space devoted to patient examination and treatment, diagnostic imaging, outpatient surgery and other outpatient services. Outpatient medical buildings typically require enhanced plumbing, electrical and mechanical systems to accommodate the needs of healthcare providers such as sinks in every room, brighter lights and specialized medical equipment. Our research centers generally contain laboratory and office space that is leased primarily to universities, academic medical centers, technology, biotechnology, medical device and pharmaceutical companies and other organizations involved in the research industry. While these properties may have certain characteristics similar to commercial office buildings, they generally contain more advanced electrical, mechanical, heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems. The facilities generally have specialty equipment including emergency generators, fume hoods, lab bench tops and related amenities. In many instances, research center tenants make significant investments to improve their leased space, in addition to landlord improvements, to accommodate biology, chemistry or medical device research initiatives. Our research centers are often located on or contiguous to university and academic medical campuses. 4 Table of Contents We lease these properties to tenants under varying lease types that obligate the tenants to pay rent, and may require the tenant to pay their proportionate share of some or all property-related expenses, including utilities, real estate taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance, cleaning, roads and grounds expense and other expenses. The leases are typically for a fixed term, and may be subject to renewal under certain conditions. Although we do not participate directly in the financial performance of our tenants operations, we are exposed to the credit risk of our tenants in our OM R segment. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy If our managers , tenants or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Through our Lillibridge subsidiary and our 50% ownership interest in PMB Real Estate Services LLC ( PMBRES ), a property management platform, we provide outpatient medical building and research center management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems and universities, academic medical centers, biotech and other similar companies throughout the United States. Triple-Net Leased Properties (NNN) In our NNN segment, we invest in and own senior housing communities, skilled nursing facilities ( SNFs ), long-term acute care facilities ( LTACs ), freestanding inpatient rehabilitation facilities ( IRFs ) and other healthcare facilities. The senior housing communities in our NNN segment may include independent living communities, assisted living communities, memory care communities and continuing care retirement communities, which property types are described in more detail above in Senior Housing Operating Portfolio (SHOP). SNFs provide rehabilitative, restorative, skilled nursing and medical treatment for patients and residents who do not require the high technology, care-intensive, high-cost setting of an acute care or rehabilitation hospital. Treatment programs may include physical, occupational, speech, respiratory and other therapies, including sub-acute clinical protocols such as wound care and intravenous drug treatment. LTACs typically serve medically complex, chronically ill patients who require a high level of monitoring and specialized care, but whose conditions do not necessitate the continued services of an intensive care unit and have a Medicare average length of stay of greater than 25 days. LTACs typically have the capability to treat patients who suffer from multiple systemic failures or conditions such as neurological disorders, head injuries, brain stem and spinal cord trauma, cerebral vascular accidents, chemical brain injuries, central nervous system disorders, developmental anomalies and cardiopulmonary disorders. Chronic patients often depend on technology for continued life support, such as mechanical ventilators, total parenteral nutrition, respiration or cardiac monitors and dialysis machines, and, due to their severe medical conditions, generally are not clinically appropriate for admission to a SNF or rehabilitation hospital. IRFs are devoted to the rehabilitation of patients with various neurological, musculoskeletal, orthopedic and other medical conditions following stabilization of their acute medical issues. Other healthcare facilities include facilities that provide medical and surgical services, including inpatient care, intensive care, cardiac care, diagnostic services and emergency services. These other healthcare facilities may also provide outpatient services such as outpatient surgery, laboratory, radiology, respiratory therapy, cardiology and physical therapy. 5 Table of Contents Charges for services provided at SNFs, LTACs, IRFs and other healthcare facilities are generally paid from a combination of government reimbursement and commercial insurance and other private sources. We lease the properties in our NNN segment to tenants under triple-net or absolute-net leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures. The leases in our NNN segment typically contain annual or periodic rent escalators that may be contingent upon the satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters or based on increases in the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ), with caps, floors or collars. These agreements may include provisions for termination under specific circumstances, including in the event of a monetary or non-monetary default by the tenant or in the event of a failure of the tenant to meet certain financial or operational covenants. The agreements typically include broad indemnities in our favor from the tenant for liabilities arising out of the tenant s operations. Although we do not participate directly in the financial performance of the tenants operations, we are exposed to the credit risk of our tenants in our NNN segment. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy If our managers , tenants or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. The following table provides information regarding our significant NNN tenant concentration as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025: Percentage of Total NOI for the year ended December 31, 2025 Segment Properties as of December 31, 2025 Percentage of Segment Properties as of December 31, 2025 Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (1) 6.2 % 77 5.6 % Kindred Healthcare, LLC 5.8 31 2.3 Ardent Health Partners, LLC 6.4 30 2.2 ______________________________ (1) Percentage of Total NOI includes the NOI for 121 senior housing properties in our NNN segment that were leased to Brookdale (as defined below) for all or part of 2025, including 56 properties for which the lease expired on or before December 31, 2025 (the Brookdale Conversion and Sale Communities ). In connection therewith, (i) 42 of the Brookdale Conversion and Sale Communities were converted to our SHOP segment during 2025, with the NOI for those properties included through the date of conversion, (ii) 3 of the Brookdale Conversion and Sale Communities were converted to our SHOP segment on January 1, 2026, (iii) 2 of the Brookdale Conversion and Sale Communities were sold during 2025, with the NOI for those properties included through the date of sale and (iv) 9 of the Brookdale Conversion and Sale Communities were held for sale as of December 31, 2025. As a result of the foregoing, Brookdale is not expected to represent a significant portion of the Total NOI or properties for our NNN segment in 2026 and thereafter. The properties we lease to Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, Brookdale ), Ardent and Kindred Healthcare, LLC (together with its subsidiaries, Kindred ) accounted for a significant portion of our NNN segment revenues and NOI for the year ended December 31, 2025. As noted previously, Brookdale is not expected to represent a significant portion of the Total NOI or properties for our NNN segment in 2026 and going forward. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy A significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including Ardent, Kindred, Atria, Sunrise and Le Groupe Maurice included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Concentration Risk included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report and Note 3 Concentration of Credit Risk of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. As of December 31, 2025, we held warrants exercisable at any time prior to September 13, 2034, for 9.9% of the common equity of a parent company of Kindred exercisable at the pre-issuance value of such common equity (the Scion Warrants ). See Note 9 Other Assets of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 6 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2025, we held an approximately 6.6% ownership interest in Ardent. See Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Non-Segment Assets Non-segment assets consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments and accounts receivable. Our loans receivable and investments generally provide us with interest income and fees and are often secured by mortgage liens or leasehold mortgages on the underlying properties and corporate or personal guarantees by affiliates of the borrowing entity. In some cases, the loans are secured by a pledge of ownership interests in the entity or entities that own the related properties or may take the form of mezzanine loans, which are subordinated to senior secured loans held by other investors that encumber the same real estate. We also hold non-mortgage loans receivable, net, which are generally corporate loans that are collateralized primarily by non-real estate related collateral or are unsecured. See Note 6 Loans Receivable and Investments, net of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Although we do not participate directly in the financial performance of the operations of our borrowers properties, we are directly exposed to the credit risk of our borrowers and therefore indirectly to their operational risks. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy If our managers , tenants or borrowers financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Non-segment assets also include our investments in unconsolidated entities, including investments in unconsolidated real estate entities through our third-party institutional private capital management platform, VIM, and investments in unconsolidated operating entities, such as Ardent and Atria. Through VIM, we partner with third-party institutional investors to invest in real estate through various joint ventures and other co-investment vehicles. In these arrangements, we are typically the general partner and earn fees as a result of that service. The assets in our VIM business are primarily comprised of three platforms: the Ventas Fund, a state pension fund joint venture and a sovereign wealth fund joint venture. The Ventas Fund is a perpetual life vehicle focused on investments in core and core plus life science, outpatient medical and senior housing real estate in North America. Our state pension fund joint venture is principally focused on investments in ground up development and value-added redevelopment of senior housing. Our sovereign wealth fund joint venture is focused on university-based research and innovation development projects. In the Ventas Fund and certain other ventures, we have the ability to earn revenues through incentive fees periodically during the life of the venture. See Note 7 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Development and Redevelopment Activities From time to time, we engage in development and redevelopment activities within our reportable segments and through our investments in unconsolidated entities. For example, we are party to certain agreements that commit us to develop properties funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. In addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our existing senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings and research centers to maximize the value, increase NOI, maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property. 7 Table of Contents Geographic Diversification of Properties Our portfolio of assets is broadly diversified by geographic location throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, with properties in only one state (California) accounting for more than 10% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Concentration Risk included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report. Competition We generally compete for investments in real estate with publicly traded, private and non-listed healthcare REITs, real estate partnerships, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition challenges our ability to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our objectives, which is affected by, among other factors, the availability of suitable acquisition or investment targets, our ability to negotiate acceptable transaction terms and our access to and cost of capital. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Strategy Our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon identifying and consummating future acquisitions and investments and effectively managing our external growth opportunities included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and Note 10 Senior Notes Payable and Other Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Our managers, tenants and borrowers typically compete on a local and regional basis with other organizations that provide comparable services. They typically compete to attract and retain residents and patients to our properties based on scope and quality of care, reputation and financial condition, price, location and physical appearance of the properties, services offered, qualified personnel, physician referrals and family preferences. With respect to outpatient medical buildings and research centers, we and our third-party managers compete to attract and retain tenants based on many of the same factors, in addition to quality of the affiliated health system or university, physician preferences and proximity to hospital or university campuses or research centers and quality of lab space. The ability of our managers, tenants and borrowers to compete successfully could be affected by private, federal and state reimbursement programs and other laws and regulations. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Capital Structure Changes in the U.S. political and regulatory environment could affect availability of government funding that we or our managers, tenants or borrowers rely on, which could negatively impact our business and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory We and our managers, tenants and borrowers may be adversely affected by regulation and enforcement included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. We also compete to attract and retain qualified employees. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. See Risk Factors Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. The loss of any one of our key personnel or the inability to maintain appropriate staffing could adversely impact our business Human Capital Management Our experienced team is focused on winning together to drive success and create value. As of December 31, 2025, we had 542 employees, none of which are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We provide a unique environment that offers opportunities for our team to contribute their talents, develop their skills and learn from each other as they build successful careers. The