=== JPM_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect JPMorganChase s financial condition and operations. Readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect the Firm. Any of the risk factors discussed below could by itself, or combined with other factors, materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase s business, results of operations, financial condition, capital position, liquidity, competitive position or reputation, including by materially increasing expenses or decreasing revenues, which could result in material losses or a decrease in earnings. Summary The principal risk factors include: Legal and Regulatory risks, including the impact of extensive supervision and regulation, as well as changes to or in the application, interpretation or enforcement of applicable law or executive branch actions, on JPMorganChase s business and operations; the ways in which differences in regulatory implementation in different jurisdictions or with respect to certain competitors could negatively impact JPMorganChase s business; the ways in which governmental policies that discourage or penalize business relationships with certain industries, or require specific business practices, could negatively affect JPMorganChase's businesses; the penalties and other repercussions that JPMorganChase could face when resolving litigation or investigations by governmental authorities; the ways in which less predictable legal and regulatory frameworks in certain jurisdictions could negatively impact JPMorganChase s operations and financial results; and the losses that security holders and other unsecured creditors will absorb if JPMorganChase were to enter into a resolution. Political risks, including the potential negative effects on JPMorganChase s businesses due to economic uncertainty resulting from political developments. Market risks, including the effects that unfavorable economic and market events and conditions, political developments, changes in interest rates and credit spreads, and market fluctuations could have on JPMorganChase s businesses, investments and market-making positions, as well as on its earnings and liquidity and capital levels. Credit risks, including the effects from adverse changes in the financial condition of clients, customers, counterparties, central counterparties and other market participants; the potential for losses due to declines in the value of collateral; and potential negative impacts from concentrations of credit risk with respect to clients, customers, counterparties and other market participants. Liquidity risks, including the risk that JPMorganChase s ability to operate could be impaired by constrained liquidity; the dependence of JPMorgan Chase Co. on its subsidiaries for funding; and the potential adverse effects that any downgrades of JPMorganChase s credit ratings could have on its liquidity and cost of funding. Capital risks, including the risk that JPMorganChase s ability to distribute capital to shareholders or to support its business activities could be limited if it does not satisfy applicable regulatory capital requirements. Operational risks, including risks associated with JPMorganChase s dependence on its operational systems and its employees, as well as the systems and employees of acquired businesses and external parties; the harm that could be caused by a successful cyber attack affecting JPMorganChase or by other extraordinary events; the adverse effects of failing to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services and delivery platforms or technologies, as well as risks related to data management processes; risks related to safeguarding personal information; potential adverse effects of failing to comply with applicable standards for the oversight of vendors and other service providers; and risks associated with JPMorganChase s risk management framework and control environment, its models and estimations and associated judgments used in its stress testing and financial statements, and controls over disclosure and financial reporting. Strategic risks, including the damage to JPMorganChase s competitive standing that could result from ineffective business strategies; risks associated with the significant competition that JPMorganChase faces; and the potential adverse impacts of climate change on JPMorganChase s business and operations and those of its clients and customers. Conduct risks, including the negative impact that could result from misconduct of JPMorganChase s employees. Reputation risks, including the potential negative commercial impacts that can arise from JPMorganChase s decisions related to clients and business activities; and the failure to effectively manage conflicts of interest or to satisfy fiduciary obligations, or other factors that could damage JPMorganChase s reputation. Country risks, including potential impacts on JPMorganChase s businesses from an outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region; and the potential adverse effects 9 Part I of local economic, political, regulatory and social factors on JPMorganChase s business in certain countries in which it operates. People risks, including the criticality of attracting and retaining qualified employees. The above summary is subject in its entirety to the discussion of the risk factors set forth below. The following terms which are used in the risk factors set forth below have these meanings: applicable law means the laws, rules and regulations that apply to JPMorganChase s businesses in the jurisdictions in which it operates. extraordinary events include any of the events or circumstances mentioned in the risk factor entitled JPMorganChase s operations, results and reputation could be harmed by occurrences of extraordinary events beyond its control. governmental authorities means governmental and regulatory agencies, legislative and judicial bodies and other governmental entities and authorities in the countries, states, municipalities, territories, regions and other jurisdictions in which JPMorganChase does business. penalties means fines, penalties or other sanctions imposed by governmental authorities. Legal and Regulatory JPMorganChase s businesses are highly regulated and are significantly affected by applicable law and supervisory expectations. JPMorganChase must comply with applicable law in all of the jurisdictions around the world where it does business. Like other financial services firms, JPMorganChase is subject to extensive supervision and regulation that significantly affects the way that it conducts its business and structures its operations. The supervisory and regulatory framework also imposes requirements for JPMorganChase to implement and maintain compliance programs, and the complexity of these programs can increase its risks of non-compliance. In addition, entering into or acquiring a new business or expanding current business could increase the scope of applicable law or supervision and regulation to which JPMorganChase is subject. JPMorganChase has in the past and could in the future be required to modify its business and operations in response to changes in applicable law, regulatory decisions or supervisory expectations, such as: limiting the products and services that it offers increasing the prices that it charges for products and services, which could reduce the demand for them reducing the liquidity that it provides through market-making activities paying higher taxes or other governmental charges absorbing losses arising from fraudulent transactions perpetrated against its clients and customers disposing of certain assets, and doing so at disadvantageous times or prices forgoing business opportunities that it might otherwise pursue, or otherwise restricting its business activities. These types of changes could increase JPMorganChase s costs or reduce its revenues. In addition, any failure by JPMorganChase to comply with applicable law or meet supervisory expectations could result in: increased regulatory scrutiny enforcement actions by governmental authorities the imposition of penalties increased exposure to litigation, or reputational harm. Furthermore, regulators or governmental authorities could adopt new interpretations of applicable law or supervisory expectations, and in certain circumstances, JPMorganChase could be required to demonstrate that prior conduct complies with these new interpretations. This situation could increase the risks associated with non-compliance and result in the imposition of penalties or enforcement actions. In addition, the business or operations of financial services firms such as JPMorganChase may be negatively affected by executive orders or other executive branch actions that seek to regulate those businesses or operations. Differences in the supervision and regulation of financial services firms could require JPMorganChase to modify its operations and incur higher operational and compliance costs. Various factors could influence the scope of applicable law and supervision for a firm that provides financial services, such as the size of the firm, the businesses in which it engages and its jurisdiction of organization. For example: larger firms such as JPMorganChase often face more stringent supervision and regulation certain competitors, such as financial technology companies, may not be subject to banking regulation, or may be subject to less stringent oversight, or the regulatory and supervisory framework in a particular jurisdiction may favor locally-based firms. A highly-regulated financial services firm such as JPMorganChase can be vulnerable to competition from firms that are less regulated or unregulated. In addition, differences in regulatory implementation between the U.S. and other countries could adversely affect JPMorganChase s businesses. For example, a national financial services regulator may impose requirements 10 that are stricter than a global standard, which could create competitive disadvantages for those firms, such as JPMorganChase, that are subject to the enhanced regulations. Furthermore, certain authorities outside the U.S. have adopted applicable law that could conflict with or prohibit JPMorganChase from complying with applicable law in other jurisdictions, which could create conflict of law issues and could increase risks associated with non-compliance. Regulatory initiatives outside the U.S. have required and could in the future require JPMorganChase to significantly modify its operations or legal entity structure in the places in which those initiatives are implemented, such as requirements for: establishing locally-based intermediate holding companies or operating subsidiaries maintaining minimum amounts of capital or liquidity in locally-based subsidiaries implementing processes within locally-based subsidiaries for complying with applicable law separating (or ring fencing ) core banking products and services from markets activities the orderly resolution of financial institutions executing or settling transactions on exchanges or through central counterparties ( CCPs ), or depositing funds with other financial institutions or clearing and settlement systems, and governance, control, conduct of business and compensation standards. Differences, inconsistencies and conflicts in applicable law related to financial services have required and could in the future require JPMorganChase to: divest assets or restructure its operations maintain higher levels of capital and liquidity incur higher operational, compliance, capital and liquidity costs become subject to penalties limit the products and services that it offers, or change the prices that it charges for those products and services, or forgo business opportunities, including acquisitions or principal investments, that it otherwise would have pursued. JPMorganChase faces significant legal risks from civil and governmental proceedings, including litigation, investigations and enforcement actions. JPMorganChase is named as a defendant or is otherwise involved in many civil and governmental legal proceedings, including class actions, derivative actions and other litigation or disputes with third parties, as well as investigations and enforcement actions by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental authorities, including criminal proceedings. Actions currently pending against JPMorganChase could result in judgments, settlements or penalties adverse to JPMorganChase, and any such resolution of legal proceedings could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase s business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious reputational harm. In addition, the extent of JPMorganChase s exposure to legal matters is unpredictable and could, in some cases, exceed the amount of reserves that JPMorganChase has established for those matters. Resolving an investigation by a governmental authority could subject JPMorganChase to significant penalties and other repercussions. Governmental authorities conduct both routine and targeted examinations of JPMorganChase and its subsidiaries, and JPMorganChase s businesses and operations are subject to heightened regulatory oversight. This scrutiny, or the results of such an examination, could lead to legal proceedings, including investigations or enforcement actions by governmental authorities. Furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of applicable law could give rise to numerous and overlapping proceedings, including by multiple governmental authorities in the U.S. as well as non-U.S. authorities. In addition, if another financial institution violates applicable law relating to a particular business activity or practice, this will often give rise to legal proceedings related to the same or similar activity or practice by JPMorganChase. JPMorganChase has in the past incurred significant penalties and experienced collateral consequences and other repercussions in connection with resolving investigations and enforcement actions by governmental authorities, and it could face similar investigations, actions and resolutions in the future. JPMorganChase typically incurs higher operational and compliance costs when addressing the requirements of such resolutions, including devoting substantial resources to remediation. In connection with resolving specific investigations or enforcement actions, certain governmental authorities have required JPMorganChase and other financial institutions to admit wrongdoing with respect to the activities that gave rise to the resolution. These types of admissions could lead to negative consequences such as: disqualification from doing business with certain clients or customers, or in specific jurisdictions greater exposure in litigation, and reputational harm. Furthermore, government officials globally have increasingly brought criminal actions against financial institutions and required those institutions to plead guilty to criminal offenses in connection with resolving investigations or enforcement actions by governmental authorities. These resolutions could have significant 11 Part I collateral consequences for the subject financial institution, including: loss of clients, customers and business restrictions on offering certain products or services, and loss of permission to operate certain businesses, either temporarily or permanently. JPMorganChase expects that the following trends will continue: it will be subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny and pervasive investigations and enforcement actions by governmental authorities, as well as criticism or litigation from clients or customers who claim that they have been harmed by actions taken by JPMorganChase in order to comply with applicable law governmental authorities will forgo opportunities to resolve investigations with informal supervisory actions, and will pursue formal and punitive enforcement actions with respect to actual or deemed violations of law resolutions of investigations and enforcement actions will result in the imposition of significant penalties, and governmental authorities will be more likely to bring formal enforcement actions against JPMorganChase if it has previously been subject to other investigations or enforcement actions by governmental authorities. When resolving an investigation or enforcement action by a governmental authority, the subject financial institution typically must satisfy new or enhanced regulatory requirements or restrictions. If JPMorganChase fails to meet the requirements of any such resolution, or to maintain risk and control processes that meet the heightened expectations of its regulators, it could be required to, among other things: enter into further resolutions incur additional penalties or judgments, or accept material restrictions on, or changes in the management of, its businesses. In these circumstances, JPMorganChase could also become subject to prosecution or civil litigation with respect to the matters that gave rise to an investigation or enforcement action. In addition, JPMorganChase could incur higher costs when resolving investigations and enforcement actions involving newly-acquired businesses, companies in which JPMorganChase has made principal investments, parties to joint ventures with JPMorganChase, and vendors with which JPMorganChase does business. As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that JPMorganChase will continue to experience a high level of litigation and investigations by governmental authorities related to its businesses and operations. In addition, JPMorganChase could become subject to a significant investigation by governmental authorities and be unable to disclose specific information concerning that investigation to the public if such a disclosure would violate JPMorganChase s obligations under applicable law to maintain confidentiality, even if the resolution of that investigation could have a material adverse effect on JPMorganChase s business, operations, results or financial condition. JPMorganChase s compliance risk and operating costs could be higher in jurisdictions with less predictable legal, regulatory and judicial frameworks. JPMorganChase conducts business in certain jurisdictions in which the application of the rule of law is inconsistent, extralegal or less predictable, including with respect to: the absence of a statutory, regulatory or interpretative basis for engaging in specific types of business or transactions applicable law or judicial orders that are ambiguous, conflicting, or inconsistently applied or interpreted actions by or at the direction of governmental authorities or officials uncertainty concerning the enforceability of intellectual property rights or contractual or other obligations challenges associated with competing in economies in which the government controls or protects all or a portion of the local economy or specific businesses, or where graft or corruption may be pervasive the threat of investigations by governmental authorities, civil litigations or criminal prosecutions that are arbitrary or otherwise contrary to established legal principles in other parts of the world, and the termination of licenses or other permissions required to operate in the relevant jurisdiction, or the suspension of business relationships with governmental entities, leading to lost revenue. If the legal, regulatory or judicial framework in a particular jurisdiction is susceptible to producing outcomes that are inconsistent, unexpected or contrary to established legal principles, this could create a more difficult business environment for JPMorganChase and could negatively affect its operations and reduce its earnings with respect to that jurisdiction. In addition, conducting business in a jurisdiction with a less predictable legal, regulatory or judicial framework could require JPMorganChase to devote significant additional resources to understanding, and operating its businesses in compliance with, applicable law and judicial precedents in that jurisdiction, and there can be no assurance that JPMorganChase will always be successful in doing so. 12 JPMorganChase's business and operations could be negatively affected by governmental policies that discourage or penalize doing business with certain industries or that require specific business practices. JPMorganChase s businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected by actions or initiatives by governmental authorities or officials that: seek to discourage financial institutions from doing business with companies engaged in certain industries, or conversely, to penalize financial institutions that elect not to do business with such companies, or mandate specific business practices for companies operating in the relevant jurisdiction. Governmental policies may differ or conflict across jurisdictions, which could lead to negative consequences for JPMorganChase regardless of the course of action that it takes or elects not to take, including: prohibitions or restrictions on doing business within a particular jurisdiction, or with governmental entities in a jurisdiction the threat of enforcement actions, including under antitrust or other anti-competition laws, and reputational harm. Changes in the requirements for the regulatory evaluation of JPMorganChase s resolution plan could increase its funding or operational costs or require restructuring or curtailment of its businesses. JPMorganChase must periodically submit a detailed resolution plan to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC for its rapid and orderly resolution in bankruptcy, without extraordinary government support, in the event of material financial distress or failure. The regulatory requirements concerning resolution plans and the evaluation of JPMorganChase s resolution plan by the banking regulators could change over time. Any such changes could result in JPMorganChase making changes to its legal entity structure or to certain of its internal or external activities, which could increase its funding or operational costs, or hamper its ability to serve clients and customers. If the Federal Reserve and the FDIC were both to determine that a resolution plan submitted by JPMorganChase has deficiencies, they could jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements, or restrictions on JPMorganChase s growth, activities or operations. The banking regulators could also require that JPMorganChase restructure, reorganize or divest assets or businesses in ways that could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase s operations and strategy. Holders of JPMorgan Chase Co. s debt and equity securities will absorb losses if it were to enter into a resolution. Federal Reserve rules require JPMorgan Chase Co. (the Parent Company ) to maintain minimum levels of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss-absorbing capacity with specific terms ( eligible LTD ) to recapitalize JPMorganChase s operating subsidiaries if the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution either in a bankruptcy proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or in a receivership administered by the FDIC under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act ( Title II ). If the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution, holders of eligible LTD, other unsecured creditors and holders of equity securities of the Parent Company will absorb the losses of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries. The preferred single point of entry strategy under JPMorganChase s resolution plan contemplates that the Parent Company would enter bankruptcy proceedings and JPMorganChase s material subsidiaries would be recapitalized, as needed, so that they could continue normal operations or subsequently be divested or wound down in an orderly manner. As a result, the Parent Company s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on holders of the Parent Company s equity securities and thereafter on its unsecured creditors, including holders of eligible LTD. Claims of the Parent Company s shareholders and unsecured creditors would have a junior position to the claims of creditors of JPMorganChase s subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and secured creditors of the Parent Company. Accordingly, in a resolution of the Parent Company in bankruptcy, unsecured creditors of the Parent Company, including holders of eligible LTD of the Parent Company, would realize value only to the extent available to the Parent Company as a shareholder of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its other subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of the Parent Company have been fully repaid. The FDIC has similarly indicated that a single point of entry recapitalization model would be its expected strategy to resolve a systemically important financial institution, such as the Parent Company, under Title II. However, the FDIC has not formally adopted or committed to any specific resolution strategy. If the Parent Company were to approach, or enter into, a resolution, none of the Parent Company, the Federal Reserve or the FDIC is obligated to follow JPMorganChase s preferred resolution strategy, and losses to unsecured creditors of the Parent Company, including holders of eligible LTD, and to holders of equity securities of the Parent Company, under whatever strategy is ultimately followed, could be 13 Part I greater than they might have been under JPMorganChase s preferred strategy. Political JPMorganChase s businesses could be negatively affected by economic uncertainty resulting from political and geopolitical developments. Political developments in the U.S. and other countries could cause uncertainty in the economic environment and market conditions in which JPMorganChase operates. Certain governmental policies or actions could significantly affect U.S. and global economic growth and cause higher volatility in the financial markets, including: monetary policies and actions taken by central banks, including any sustained large-scale asset purchases, any suspension or reversal of those actions, and changes in interest rate levels fiscal policies, including with respect to taxation and spending foreign policies that emphasize national interests economic or financial sanctions the implementation of tariffs and other trade policies requirements to relocate business activities or operations deployment of the military changes to immigration policies, or actions or inactions by a government related to emergencies. These types of political developments, as well as heightened geopolitical tensions, could: erode investor or consumer confidence in the U.S. economy and financial markets, which could potentially undermine the status of the U.S. dollar as a safe haven currency provoke retaliatory countermeasures by other countries or otherwise heighten tensions in trade or diplomatic relations increase the risk of targeted cyber attacks increase concerns about whether the U.S. government will be funded and will be able to service its outstanding debt result in periodic shutdowns of the U.S. government influence investor perceptions concerning government support of certain sectors of the economy or the economy as a whole influence monetary policy actions of the Federal Reserve to moderate the economic impact of political developments, including decisions on interest rate levels and asset purchases and sales adversely affect the financial condition or credit ratings of clients and counterparties with which JPMorganChase does business, or cause JPMorganChase to forgo business opportunities that it might otherwise pursue. These factors could lead to: slower growth rates, rising inflation or recession disruptions in labor markets greater market volatility a contraction of available credit and the widening of credit spreads U.S. dollar currency fluctuations lower investments in a particular country or sector of the economy large-scale sales of government debt and other debt and equity securities reduced commercial activity among trading partners or disruptions to supply chains, or the formation of or changes in political or economic alliances or treaties. These risks could become highly correlated or combine in unexpected ways under certain circumstances, including geopolitically challenging situations in regions such as Russia, the Middle East and China. Any of the foregoing potential outcomes could cause JPMorganChase to: suffer losses on its market-making positions or in its investment portfolio reduce its liquidity and capital levels increase the allowance for credit losses or recognize higher net charge-offs hamper its ability to deliver products and services to its clients and customers weaken its results of operations and financial condition or credit ratings, or become subject to prolonged litigation. Market Adverse economic and market events and conditions could negatively affect JPMorganChase s results of operations and investment and market-making positions. JPMorganChase s results of operations could be negatively affected by the occurrence or persistence of adverse changes in any of the following: the U.S. and global economies investor, consumer and business sentiment, or confidence in the financial markets inflation, deflation, recession or employment the availability and cost of capital, liquidity and credit levels and volatility of interest rates, credit spreads or market prices of currencies, securities and 14 commodities, and the duration of any such changes, and economic and geopolitical effects of extraordinary events beyond JPMorganChase s control. The above factors could be affected by global economic, market and political events and conditions, including the regulatory environment, monetary policies, trade policies, and actions taken by central banks or governmental authorities. In addition, JPMorganChase s investment portfolio and market-making businesses could suffer losses due to unanticipated market events and conditions, including: severe declines in asset values unexpected credit events, credit rating downgrades and large counterparty losses disruption of trade routes and supply chains globally events or conditions that cause previously uncorrelated market factors to become correlated (and vice versa) the inability to effectively hedge risks related to market-making and investment portfolio positions, or other market risks that may not have been adequately considered when developing, structuring or pricing a financial instrument. Any significant losses in JPMorganChase s investment portfolio or from market-making activities could reduce its profitability and its liquidity and capital levels, and thereby constrain the growth of its businesses. JPMorganChase s consumer businesses could be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions and adverse impacts of governmental policies. JPMorganChase s consumer businesses are particularly affected by U.S. and global economic conditions, including: the distribution of personal and household income unemployment or underemployment changes in housing prices the level of inflation and its effect on prices for goods and services consumer and small business confidence levels prolonged periods of exceptionally high or low interest rates, or significant changes to interest rates changes in the value of collateral such as residential real estate and vehicles, and changes in consumer spending or in the level of consumer debt. High unemployment levels could reduce personal and household income, which could degrade consumer credit performance if consumers struggle to service their debts. Adverse economic conditions could also lead to an increase in delinquencies, an increase in the allowance for credit losses or higher net charge-offs, which could reduce JPMorganChase s earnings. These consequences could be significantly worse if high levels of consumer debt, such as outstanding student loans, impair the ability of customers to pay their other consumer loan obligations, or in certain geographies where declining industrial or manufacturing activity has resulted in or could result in higher levels of unemployment. In addition, JPMorganChase s earnings from its consumer businesses could be adversely affected if customer demand for the products and services offered by its consumer businesses is diminished by sustained low growth, low or negative interest rates, inflationary pressures, or recessionary conditions. Furthermore, governmental policies and actions, including those relating to pricing of products, taxation, medical insurance, education, immigration, and housing, or those that impact employment status, could reduce consumer disposable income and decrease JPMorganChase's earnings from its consumer businesses. Unfavorable market and economic conditions could adversely affect JPMorganChase s wholesale businesses. Market and economic factors can affect the volume of transactions and advisory engagements for which JPMorganChase is engaged and the related revenue from those activities. These factors could also influence the willingness of other financial institutions and investors to participate in capital markets transactions that JPMorganChase manages. Furthermore, any significant and sustained deterioration in market conditions could reduce fee revenue due to lower transaction volumes, including when clients are unwilling or unable to refinance their outstanding debt obligations. Additionally, the profitability of JPMorganChase s capital markets activities could be impacted if it needs to dispose of portions of credit commitments at a loss or hold larger residual positions in credit commitments that cannot be sold at favorable prices. The fees that JPMorganChase earns from managing client assets or holding assets under custody for clients could be diminished by declining asset values or other adverse macroeconomic conditions. For example, higher interest rates or a market downturn could affect the valuation of client assets that JPMorganChase manages or holds under custody, resulting in lower revenue from fees that are based on the amount of assets under management or custody. Similarly, adverse macroeconomic or market conditions could prompt outflows from JPMorganChase funds or accounts, or cause clients to invest in products that generate lower revenue. Substantial and unexpected withdrawals from a JPMorganChase fund could also hamper the investment performance of the fund, particularly if the outflows create the need for the fund to dispose of fund assets at disadvantageous times or 15 Part I prices, and could lead to further withdrawals based on the weaker investment performance. An adverse change in market conditions in particular segments of the economy, or sustained changes in consumer behavior that affect specific economic sectors, could have a material adverse effect on clients of JPMorganChase whose operations or financial condition are significantly impacted by the health or stability of those segments or economic sectors, as well as clients that are engaged in related businesses. JPMorganChase could incur credit losses on its loans and other commitments to clients that operate in, or are significantly impacted by, any sector of the economy under stress. An economic downturn or sustained changes in consumer behavior that result in shifts in consumer and business spending could also have a negative impact on certain of JPMorganChase s wholesale clients, and thereby diminish JPMorganChase s earnings from its wholesale operations. For example, clients that rely on rental income from commercial real estate properties could be negatively affected by sustained adverse economic conditions or circumstances (such as hybrid work models) that reduce tenancies. These types of developments could depress property values, impair the ability of clients to service or refinance their loans and lead to an increase in foreclosures. These consequences could result in JPMorganChase experiencing an increase in the allowance for credit losses, higher delinquencies, defaults and charge-offs within its commercial real estate loan portfolio and incurring higher costs for servicing a larger volume of delinquent loans in that portfolio. An increase in foreclosures could also result in higher operational risk associated with JPMorganChase owning and managing real property, and any inadequacy in governance or control over the foreclosed properties could result in regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. Changes in interest rates and credit spreads could adversely affect JPMorganChase s earnings or its liquidity and capital levels. JPMorganChase may generally be expected to earn higher net interest income when interest rates are high or increasing. However, higher interest rates could also result in: fewer originations of commercial and residential real estate loans losses on underwriting exposures or increases in client-specific downgrades increased financing costs for clients, which could lead to an increase in the allowance for credit losses and higher net charge-offs the loss of deposits, including where customers transition to higher-yielding products losses on available-for-sale ( AFS ) securities held in the investment securities portfolio less liquidity in the financial markets, and higher funding costs. All of these outcomes could adversely affect JPMorganChase s earnings or its liquidity and capital levels, with more severe impacts in a prolonged period of high interest rates. Higher interest rates could also negatively affect the payment performance on loans within JPMorganChase s consumer and wholesale loan portfolios that are linked to variable interest rates. If borrowers of variable rate loans reduce or stop making payments at higher interest rates, JPMorganChase could incur losses as well as increased operational costs related to servicing a higher volume of delinquent loans. On the other hand, a low or negative interest rate environment could cause: compressed net interest margins, which could result in lower earnings on JPMorganChase s investment securities portfolio adverse or unanticipated changes in depositor behavior, which could negatively affect JPMorganChase s broader asset and liability management strategies, and a reduction in the value of JPMorganChase s mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs ) asset, resulting in decreased revenues. When credit spreads widen, it becomes more expensive for JPMorganChase to borrow. JPMorganChase s credit spreads could widen or narrow not only due to events and circumstances that are specific to JPMorganChase but also as a result of general economic and geopolitical events and conditions. Changes in JPMorganChase s credit spreads could negatively affect its earnings on certain liabilities, such as derivatives, that are recorded at fair value. JPMorganChase s results could be materially affected by market fluctuations and significant changes in the valuation of financial instruments. The value of securities, derivatives and other financial instruments that JPMorganChase owns or in which it makes markets could be materially affected by market fluctuations. Market volatility, illiquid market conditions and other fluctuations in the financial markets could make it extremely difficult to value certain financial instruments. Subsequent valuations of financial instruments in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, could result in significant changes in the value of these instruments. In addition, when JPMorganChase disposes of a financial instrument, the price that it realizes will depend on demand and liquidity in the market at the time of disposition, and that price could be materially lower than the current fair 16 value of the instrument. Any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of financial instruments that JPMorganChase owns or in which it makes markets, which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations. Furthermore, JPMorganChase s hedging and other risk management strategies may not always be effective, and it could incur significant losses, if extreme market events were to occur. Credit JPMorganChase could be negatively affected by adverse changes in the financial condition of clients, counterparties, CCPs and other market participants. JPMorganChase routinely executes transactions with clients and counterparties such as corporations, financial institutions, asset managers, hedge funds, securities exchanges and government entities globally. Many of these transactions expose JPMorganChase to the credit risk of its clients and counterparties, and JPMorganChase could incur losses and become involved in disputes and litigation in connection with a default by a client or counterparty. JPMorganChase could also face losses or liability if a financial institution providing custodial services for client assets becomes insolvent. If a CCP through which JPMorganChase executes contracts suffers a financial or operational failure or otherwise defaults, JPMorganChase would be required to replace the relevant contracts, which would increase its operational costs and potentially result in losses. In addition, if a member of a CCP in which JPMorganChase is also a member defaults on its obligations to the CCP, JPMorganChase could incur losses due to requirements that each member of the CCP absorb a portion of those losses. Furthermore, JPMorganChase could be subject to bearing its share of non-default losses incurred by a CCP, including losses from custodial, settlement or investment activities or due to cyber or other security breaches. As part of its clearing services activities, JPMorganChase is exposed to the risk of nonperformance by its clients, which it seeks to mitigate by requiring clients to provide adequate collateral. JPMorganChase is also exposed to intra-day credit risk of its clients in connection with providing cash management, clearing, custodial and other transaction services. If such a client becomes bankrupt or insolvent, JPMorganChase could: incur losses become involved in disputes and litigation with CCPs, the client s bankruptcy estate and other creditors, or be subject to investigations by governmental authorities. In addition, JPMorganChase has in the past, and could in the future, experience instances in which borrowers or other counterparties engage in fraudulent activity related to the accounting, reporting or representation of collateral. Such practices have resulted and could in the future result in losses for JPMorganChase potentially undermining the effectiveness of collateral requirements and negatively affecting JPMorganChase's financial condition and results of operations. All of the foregoing events could increase JPMorganChase s operational and litigation costs, and JPMorganChase could suffer losses to the extent that the realized value of any collateral that it has received is insufficient to cover those losses. Transactions with governmental entities can expose JPMorganChase to enhanced sovereign, credit, operational, legal and reputation risks. Governmental entities may claim that actions taken by government officials were beyond the legal authority of those officials or repudiate transactions authorized by a previous incumbent government. These types of actions have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, JPMorganChase to suffer losses or hamper its ability to conduct business in the relevant jurisdiction. In addition, JPMorganChase could incur losses if applicable law limits its ability to resolve disputes and litigation when a client in that jurisdiction defaults or otherwise fails to make agreed-upon payments. Disputes could arise with counterparties to derivatives contracts concerning the terms, the settlement procedures or the value of underlying collateral. The resolution of those disputes could cause JPMorganChase to incur losses, including unexpected transaction, operational and legal costs. These consequences could also impair JPMorganChase s ability to effectively manage its credit risk exposure from its market activities, or cause reputational harm. The financial or operational failure of a significant market participant, such as a major financial institution or a CCP, or concerns about the creditworthiness or operational sustainability of one or more market participants, could cause substantial and cascading disruption within the financial markets, including in circumstances where coordinated action by multiple other market participants is required to address the problem. JPMorganChase s businesses could be significantly disrupted by such an event, especially if it has significant interrelationships with, and credit exposure to, the faltering market participant, or if the event causes other market participants to default, incur significant losses or experience liquidity issues. JPMorganChase could suffer losses if the value of collateral declines. During periods of market stress or illiquidity, JPMorganChase s credit risk could increase when: JPMorganChase fails to realize the estimated value of the collateral it holds collateral is liquidated at prices that are insufficient to recover the full amount owed to it, or 17 Part I counterparties are unable to post collateral for operational or other reasons. Furthermore, borrowers may under-maintain or misrepresent the condition or existence of collateral, or at liquidation, collateral could be subject to competing claims, limiting JPMorganChase's ability to recover amounts owed, or disputes with counterparties concerning the valuation of collateral could increase during significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity. JPMorganChase could suffer losses in these situations if it is unable to realize the fair value of collateral or to manage declines in the value of collateral. JPMorganChase could incur significant losses arising from concentrations of credit and market risk. JPMorganChase could be exposed to greater credit and market risk if groupings of its clients or counterparties, or obligors on securities and other financial instruments: engage in similar or related businesses or in related industries operate in the same geographic region, or have business profiles that could cause their ability to meet their obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. For example, a significant deterioration in the credit quality of a counterparty, borrower or other obligor could lead to concerns about the creditworthiness of other parties in similar, related or dependent industries. This type of interrelationship could exacerbate JPMorganChase s credit, liquidity and market risk exposure, potentially causing losses. In addition, JPMorganChase could be required to increase the allowance for credit losses or establish other reserves with respect to certain clients, industries or country exposures in order to align with regulatory directives or expectations. Similarly, challenging economic conditions that affect a particular industry or geographic area could lead to concerns about the credit quality of counterparties, borrowers or other obligors not only in that industry or geography but also in related or dependent industries, wherever located. These conditions could also heighten concerns about the ability of customers of JPMorganChase s consumer businesses who live in those areas or work in those industries to meet their obligations. JPMorganChase s consumer businesses could also be harmed by an excessive expansion of consumer credit by competitors. Heightened competition for certain types of consumer loans could lead to significant price reductions for those loans or providing loans to less-creditworthy borrowers. If large numbers of consumers subsequently default on their loans, this could impair their ability to repay obligations owed to JPMorganChase and result in an increase in the allowance for credit losses and higher charge-offs. More broadly, widespread defaults on consumer debt could lead to recessionary conditions in the U.S. economy, and JPMorganChase s consumer businesses could earn lower revenues in such an environment. Furthermore, the interconnectivity across credit markets increases the risk that the significant expansion of private credit could worsen losses among non-bank lenders and their borrowers, particularly if stress or defaults spread to broader funding and credit markets. Such developments could impair asset valuations, reduce market-wide liquidity, disrupt borrowers ability to refinance, and increase default rates, especially if non-bank lenders have weaker underwriting standards, loans are less liquid, or transparency is limited. These outcomes could adversely affect JPMorganChase s results of operations and lead to losses on market-making positions in its wholesale businesses. If JPMorganChase is unable to reduce positions effectively during a market dislocation, this could increase both the market and credit risks associated with those positions and the level of risk-weighted-assets ( RWA ) that JPMorganChase holds on its balance sheet. These factors could adversely affect JPMorganChase s capital position, funding costs and the profitability of its businesses. Liquidity JPMorganChase s ability to operate its businesses could be impaired if its liquidity is constrained. JPMorganChase s liquidity could be impacted by factors such as: market-wide illiquidity or disruption actions by governmental authorities, including changes in regulatory requirements relating to liquidity or capital actions taken by the Federal Reserve to reduce its balance sheet, which could reduce deposits held by JPMorganChase and other financial institutions inability to sell assets, or to sell at favorable times or prices default by a CCP or other significant market participant unanticipated outflows of cash or collateral unexpected loss of deposits, including due to deposit pricing or migration to other investment products higher than anticipated draws on lending-related commitments, and lack of market or customer confidence in JPMorganChase or financial institutions in general. A reduction in JPMorganChase s liquidity could be caused by events beyond its control. For example, JPMorganChase s funding costs could increase and its access to traditional sources of liquidity could be 18 limited during periods of market stress, low investor confidence or significant market illiquidity. JPMorganChase may need to raise funding from alternative sources if its access to stable and lower-cost funding, such as deposits and borrowings from Federal Home Loan Banks, is reduced. Alternative funding could be more expensive or limited. JPMorganChase s funding costs could also be negatively affected by actions that it may take in order to satisfy regulatory requirements, including those relating to: liquidity and funding its resolution plan, or the pre-positioning of liquidity in certain subsidiaries outside the U.S. More generally, if JPMorganChase fails to effectively manage its liquidity, this could constrain its ability to fund or invest in its businesses and subsidiaries, and thereby adversely affect its results of operations. JPMorgan Chase Co. is a holding company and depends on its subsidiaries for funding to make payments on its outstanding securities. The Parent Company, JPMorgan Chase Co., is a holding company that holds the stock of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and an intermediate holding company, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC (the IHC ). In addition to holding the stock of other JPMorganChase subsidiaries, the IHC owns other assets and provides intercompany lending to the Parent Company. The Parent Company must contribute to the IHC substantially all the net proceeds that it receives from securities issuances. The ability of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the IHC to make payments to the Parent Company is limited. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is subject to regulatory restrictions and requirements relating to the dividends that it can pay to the Parent Company, and the IHC is prohibited from paying dividends or extending credit to the Parent Company if certain capital or liquidity thresholds are breached, or if limits are otherwise imposed by the Parent Company s management or Board of Directors. As a result of these arrangements, the Parent Company is generally dependent on receiving dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and dividends and borrowings from the IHC in order to: pay interest on its debt securities pay dividends on its equity securities redeem or repurchase outstanding securities, and fulfill its other payment obligations. The capital and liquidity thresholds to which JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the IHC are subject could result in the Parent Company seeking protection under bankruptcy laws or otherwise entering into resolution proceedings sooner than if such limitations did not exist. JPMorganChase s liquidity and cost of funding could be adversely affected by downgrades in its credit ratings. JPMorgan Chase Co. and certain of its principal subsidiaries are rated by credit rating agencies, which evaluate general, firm-specific and industry-specific factors when determining credit ratings, including: expected future profitability risk management practices legal expenses regulatory developments ratings differentials between bank holding companies and their bank and non-bank subsidiaries assumptions about government support, and economic and geopolitical developments. JPMorganChase has experienced credit ratings downgrades in the past, and there is no assurance that JPMorganChase s credit ratings will not be downgraded in the future. Furthermore, any such downgrade could occur at a time of broader market instability, limiting JPMorganChase s options for responding. A downgrade in JPMorganChase s credit ratings could curtail its business activities and its profitability, including by: reducing its access to capital markets materially increasing its cost of issuing and servicing securities triggering additional collateral or funding requirements, and decreasing the number of investors and counterparties that are willing or permitted to do business with or lend to JPMorganChase. Any rating downgrade could also increase the credit spreads charged by market participants for taking credit risk on JPMorgan Chase Co. and its subsidiaries. This could, in turn, adversely affect the value of debt and other obligations of JPMorgan Chase Co. and its subsidiaries. Capital JPMorganChase s ability to distribute capital to shareholders, and to support its business activities could be limited if it does not satisfy applicable regulatory capital requirements. JPMorganChase is subject to various regulatory capital requirements, and the amount of capital that it is required to hold under those requirements could increase at any given time due to factors such as: 19 Part I actions by banking regulators, as well as changes in applicable law or how applicable law is implemented by banking regulators changes in the composition of JPMorganChase s balance sheet or developments that could increase RWA, such as increased market risk, customer delinquencies, client credit rating downgrades or other factors, and increases in estimated stress losses as determined by the Federal Reserve under CCAR, which could increase JPMorganChase s SCB. Although more likely in times of stress, JPMorganChase may use its regulatory capital buffers allowing capital ratios to decline below regulatory requirements, subjecting it to restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to its executive officers. Any failure by or inability of JPMorganChase to maintain the required level and composition of capital, any decision by JPMorgan Chase to use its regulatory buffers allowing capital ratios to decline below regulatory requirements or unfavorable changes in applicable capital requirements, could have an adverse impact on JPMorganChase s shareholders by: reducing the amount of common stock that JPMorganChase is permitted to repurchase requiring the issuance of, or prohibiting the redemption of, capital instruments in a manner inconsistent with JPMorganChase s capital management strategy constraining the amount of dividends that can be paid on common stock, or curtailing JPMorganChase s business activities or operations. Operational JPMorganChase s businesses could be adversely affected by the failure or disruption of operational systems on which they depend. If the operational systems on which JPMorganChase s businesses depend, including those of acquired businesses and external parties, are unable to meet JPMorganChase s operational requirements or bank regulatory standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, JPMorganChase could be materially and adversely affected. JPMorganChase s businesses rely on its operational systems to process, record, monitor and report large amounts of information continuously, accurately, securely, and in a timely manner. These operational systems include financial, accounting, transaction execution, reporting and settlement, data processing and other systems, as well as supporting devices. The effective functioning of these operational systems depends on a variety of factors, including JPMorganChase s ability to: properly design, install, maintain, and train its employees on the use of its systems populate its systems with accurate, complete, up-to-date and uncorrupted information upgrade its systems on a regular and timely basis in line with technological advancements and evolving security requirements maintain the security and operational continuity of its systems, including by carefully managing any changes introduced to its systems prevent unauthorized access and the misuse of access to its systems, and adhere to applicable law relating to its systems, particularly in regions where JPMorganChase may face a heightened risk of malicious activity. JPMorganChase has experienced and expects that it will continue to experience failures and disruptions in the stability of its operational systems, including: degraded performance of data processing systems data quality issues disruptions of network connectivity malfunctioning software disruptions in its ability to access and use the operational systems of third parties, and interruptions in service from third-party service providers. These incidents have resulted in various negative effects for customers, including: the inability to access account information or transact through ATM, internet or mobile channels the exfiltration of customer personal data the recording of duplicative transactions, and extended delays for call center services. There can be no assurance that these and other types of operational failures or disruptions will not occur in the future. JPMorganChase s ability to effectively manage the stability of its operational systems and infrastructure could be hindered by many factors, any of which could have a negative impact on JPMorganChase and its clients, customers and counterparties, including: challenges in maintaining and upgrading systems and infrastructure as the speed, frequency, volume, interconnectivity and complexity of transactions and other information flows continue to increase attempts by third parties to defraud JPMorganChase and its clients and customers, which continue to increase, evolve and become more complex, as well as increased volumes of these attempts during periods of market disruption or economic uncertainty 20 errors made by JPMorganChase or another market participant, whether inadvertent or malicious, which could cause widespread system disruption weaknesses or shortcomings in operational systems that may not be detected in a timely manner isolated or seemingly insignificant errors in operational systems that could compound, or migrate to other systems, becoming larger issues failures in synchronization or encryption software, or degraded performance of microprocessors, which could cause disruptions in operational systems or in the ability of systems to communicate with each other, and third parties that may try to block the use of key technology solutions by claiming that the use infringes on their intellectual property rights. JPMorganChase also depends on its ability to access and use the operational systems of third parties, including: custodians vendors, including providers of security, technology and data and cloud computing services, and other market participants, such as clearing and payment systems, CCPs and securities exchanges. The inaccessibility, failure or other disruption of an internal or external operational system upon which JPMorganChase s businesses depend could adversely affect JPMorganChase and its clients and customers, and result in unfavorable ripple effects in the financial markets, including: delays or other disruptions in providing services, including the provision of liquidity or information to clients and customers impairment of JPMorganChase s ability to execute transactions, including delays or failures in the confirmation or settlement of transactions or in obtaining access to funds or other assets required for settlement the erroneous execution of funds transfers, capital markets trades or other transactions financial losses, including due to loss-sharing requirements of CCPs, payment systems or other market infrastructures, or as possible restitution to clients and customers higher operational costs associated with replacing services provided by a system that has experienced a failure or other disruption limitations on JPMorganChase s ability to collect data needed for its business and operations loss of confidence in the ability of JPMorganChase, or financial institutions generally, to protect against and withstand operational disruptions significant exposure to litigation and penalties, and reputational harm. JPMorganChase s interconnectedness with clients, customers and other external parties could be a source of significant operational risk. JPMorganChase could be exposed to operational risk if it is unable to access and use external operational systems, including during failures or cyber attacks related to those systems or other third-party systems. Similarly, retailers, payment systems and processors, data aggregators, and other external parties with which JPMorganChase s customers do business could increase JPMorganChase s operational risk. This is particularly the case where activities of customers or other parties are beyond JPMorganChase s security and control systems, including through the use of the internet, cloud computing services, and mobile devices or services. JPMorganChase s interconnectivity with clients, customers and other external parties continues to expand, which increases the risk of failure or cyber attacks with respect to the systems of those parties. Any systems failure, security breach, or human error or misconduct that affects clients, customers or external parties could require JPMorganChase to take steps to protect the integrity of its own operational systems or to safeguard confidential information, including restricting the access of its customers to their accounts. These actions could increase JPMorganChase s operational costs and potentially diminish customer satisfaction and confidence in JPMorganChase. Furthermore, the widespread interconnectivity among financial institutions, clearing banks, CCPs, payments processors, financial technology companies, securities exchanges, clearing houses, financial messaging networks and other financial market infrastructures increases the risk that the disruption of an operational system involving one entity could cause industry-wide operational disruptions that could materially affect JPMorganChase s ability to conduct business. In addition, the risks associated with the disruption of an operational system of a third-party could be exacerbated if the services provided by that system are widely used by market participants. A successful cyber attack could cause significant harm to JPMorganChase and its clients and customers. JPMorganChase experiences numerous cyber attacks on its computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets. Cyber attacks could take many forms, and may be designed to: introduce computer viruses or malicious code (i.e., malware ) into JPMorganChase s systems. obtain unauthorized access to JPMorganChase s systems or to confidential information belonging to 21 Part I JPMorganChase or its clients, customers, counterparties or employees manipulate or destroy data disrupt, sabotage or degrade service on JPMorganChase s systems and websites, including those that provide online banking and other services steal money, or extort money through the use of so-called ransomware. Threat actors that perpetrate cyber attacks include individuals or groups that are: sponsored by, or acting on behalf of, hostile countries or terrorist organizations cyber-criminals, or engaged in using technology to promote a political or social agenda (i.e., hacktivists ). JPMorganChase has experienced security breaches due to cyber attacks in the past, and future breaches are inevitable. Any such breach could result in serious and harmful consequences for JPMorganChase or its clients and customers. JPMorganChase cannot guarantee that it will always detect cybersecurity threats to its systems or implement effective preventive measures against those threats. The reasons for this include: the techniques used in cyber attacks evolve frequently and increase in sophistication, and therefore a cyber attack may not be recognized until launched or may go undetected for extended periods it is possible that a third-party, after establishing a foothold on an internal network without being detected, may gain access to other networks and systems cyber attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including certain threat actors that are well-resourced and can sustain malicious activities for extended periods, and JPMorganChase does not have control over the cybersecurity of the systems of the numerous clients, customers, counterparties and third-party service providers with which it does business. The cybersecurity risks that JPMorganChase faces could be intensified by factors such as: increased volume and complexity of cyber attacks during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions technological advances such as artificial intelligence ( AI ) and quantum computing that may enable malicious actors to develop more advanced social engineering attacks, including targeted phishing attacks, and technological advances which may counteract or nullify existing information security protections, including cryptographic protections, potentially exposing data. In addition, JPMorganChase could be required to make significant investments in technology in order to transition effectively to more robust security protections, including quantum-resistant encryption. Any such transition may not be completed before relevant threats become operational, and JPMorganChase s interconnectedness with third parties who may be slower to adopt such protections could further increase its vulnerability to data compromise. Furthermore, a third-party could misappropriate confidential information obtained by intercepting signals or communications from mobile devices used by JPMorganChase s employees. JPMorganChase could become increasingly vulnerable to cyber attacks if it does not, in a timely manner, identify and address emerging threats, known vulnerabilities or shortcomings in its cybersecurity controls, or if it fails to prioritize or complete enhancements to address them particularly in jurisdictions that could pose a heightened risk to its operations, including enhancements relating to: preventing unauthorized access and protecting against the misuse of access, including the maintenance and enhancement of controls related to secure software development practices and identity and access management, including controls relating to the management of administrative access to systems detecting, escalating and effectively addressing in a timely manner any vulnerabilities that may be present either in internally-developed software or externally-provided software or services, including vulnerabilities that could allow the attackers to exploit unknown security flaws in software and hardware (i.e., zero-day vulnerabilities ) appropriate oversight of third-party vendors in support of the secure development and maintenance of internal software and systems controls related to technology asset management and inventory systems to prevent undetected vulnerabilities that could undermine JPMorganChase s ability to operate an effective control process upgrading systems and controls to protect JPMorganChase and its clients and customers from the impact of distributed denial-of-service attacks, or to recover from outages that could be caused by a malware or ransomware attack the continuing migration of technology systems of customer and client-facing services, including digital banking and other internet-based products, to the cloud, and modernization of those services 22 strengthening network security and managing outbound connections to reduce the risk of data loss identifying, assessing and mitigating insider threat activities that could lead to the misuse of JPMorganChase s systems or client and customer information, and integrating acquired businesses, including where system integration may be complex or may require extensive and lengthy remediation or enhancement of controls. Any of the above cybersecurity risks to which JPMorganChase may be exposed could also affect JPMorganChase s vendors or other third parties with which it does business or is interconnected, including governmental entities and other market participants. A successful circumvention of JPMorganChase s systems of any of those third parties could cause serious negative consequences, including: significant disruption of or loss of access to JPMorganChase s operational systems and those of its clients, customers and counterparties misappropriation of confidential information of JPMorganChase or that of its clients, customers, counterparties, employees, regulators or other parties disruption of or damage to JPMorganChase s systems and those of its clients, customers and counterparties the inability, or extended delays in the ability, to fully recover and restore affected data, or the inability to prevent systems from processing fraudulent transactions demands that JPMorganChase pay a ransom to a malicious actor that has perpetrated a cybersecurity breach unintended violations by JPMorganChase of applicable privacy and other laws financial loss to JPMorganChase outside of cyber insurance policy coverage, or losses to its clients, customers, counterparties or employees loss of confidence in JPMorganChase s cybersecurity and business resiliency measures significant exposure to litigation, investigations by governmental authorities and penalties, and reputational harm. The extent of a particular cyber attack, the methods used by threat actors, and the steps that JPMorganChase may need to take to investigate the attack may not be immediately clear, and it could take a significant amount of time before such an investigation can be completed. While such an investigation is ongoing, JPMorganChase may not know the full extent of the harm caused by the cyber attack, and that damage could continue to spread. These factors could inhibit JPMorganChase s ability to provide rapid, full and reliable information about the cyber attack to its clients, customers, counterparties and regulators, as well as the public. Furthermore, it may not be clear how best to contain and remediate the harm caused by the cyber attack, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated. Any or all of these factors could further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack. JPMorganChase s businesses could be adversely affected if it fails to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services, delivery platforms or technologies. JPMorganChase may not always identify or recognize the full extent of operational risks that could arise from: the introduction of a new product or service, including platforms for the delivery or distribution of products or services the acquisition or integration of, or investment in, a new business, product or portfolio, including the development of any related technological capabilities the adoption of a new technology, or changes to existing products, services, delivery platforms, businesses and technologies. Any significant failure by JPMorganChase to identify the operational risks associated with these types of changes, or to implement adequate controls to mitigate those risks, has resulted and could in the future result in: hindering JPMorganChase s ability to operate its businesses potential liability to clients, counterparties and customers impairment of JPMorganChase s liquidity weaker competitive standing higher compliance, operational or integration costs regulatory intervention losses from fraudulent transactions higher litigation costs and penalties, or reputational harm. Any of the foregoing consequences could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase s businesses and results of operations. JPMorganChase s business and operations rely on appropriate staffing and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of employees. JPMorganChase s ability to operate its businesses efficiently and profitably, to offer products and services that meet the expectations of its clients and customers, 23 Part I and to maintain an effective risk management framework is highly dependent on its ability to staff its operations appropriately and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of its employees. JPMorganChase s businesses and operations similarly rely on the workforces of third parties, including employees of vendors, custodians and financial markets infrastructures, and of businesses that it may seek to acquire. JPMorganChase s businesses could be materially and adversely affected by: staffing shortages, particularly in tight labor markets any failure by employees to adhere to controls designed to mitigate operational risks the possibility that significant portions of JPMorganChase s workforce are unable to work effectively, including due to health emergencies or other extraordinary events beyond JPMorganChase s control theft, fraud or other unlawful conduct by employees, or other negative outcomes caused by human error or misconduct JPMorganChase s operations could also be impaired if the measures that it takes to protect the health and safety of employees, or actions taken by governmental authorities or other external parties on which it relies are ineffective. JPMorganChase faces substantial legal and operational risks related to the processing and safeguarding of personal information. JPMorganChase s businesses and operations are subject to applicable law globally related to the collection, use, sharing, storage and protection of personal information of individuals. Complying with these applicable laws could: hinder development, curtail offerings or affect pricing and delivery methods of products and services restrict JPMorganChase from transferring information across national borders or sharing information among affiliates or with third parties such as vendors, thereby increasing compliance costs and operational risk present situations where the applicable law of one country conflicts with that of another, and require JPMorganChase to structure its businesses, operations and systems in less efficient or more costly ways, including with respect to the local storage and processing of data. JPMorganChase could face legal proceedings, including governmental investigations or enforcement actions, if personal information is mishandled, including if unauthorized parties receive, intercept, or compromise it, if JPMorganChase fails or is perceived to have failed to comply with applicable law, or if JPMorganChase or its third-party vendors fail to protect personal information appropriately. These actions could require JPMorganChase to modify or cease operations or could result in other penalties. Furthermore, concerns regarding the effectiveness of JPMorganChase s measures to safeguard personal information, or the perception that those measures are inadequate, could cause JPMorganChase to lose clients, customers or employees, and thereby reduce JPMorganChase s revenues. Any of these factors could cause reputational harm and otherwise adversely affect JPMorganChase s businesses. The growing sophistication of technology poses a heightened risk of identity fraud, as malicious actors may exploit technology to create convincing false identities or manipulate verification processes. Failure to manage these risks or to implement effective countermeasures could lead to unauthorized transactions, financial losses, increased regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. In addition, greater government scrutiny of practices related to the handling of personal information has in some cases resulted in, and could in the future lead to, the adoption of applicable law in the U.S. and elsewhere that is stricter and could result in JPMorganChase incurring higher compliance costs or constraining its ability to offer certain products and services to customers. JPMorganChase s operations, results and reputation could be harmed by occurrences of extraordinary events beyond its control. JPMorganChase s business and operations could be seriously disrupted, and its reputation could be harmed, by events or contributing factors that are wholly or partially beyond its control, including material instances of: cyber attacks security breaches of its physical premises, including threats to health and safety utility or telecommunications failures, internet outages or shutdowns of mass transit failure of, or loss of access to, technology or operational systems, including any resulting loss of critical data interruption of service from third-party service providers, including financial market infrastructures damage to or loss of property or assets of JPMorganChase or third parties, and any consequent injuries, including in connection with any construction projects undertaken by JPMorganChase failure or perceived failure by clients, customers or counterparties of JPMorganChase, or by other parties, including newly-acquired businesses, companies in which JPMorganChase has made principal investments, parties to joint ventures with JPMorganChase and vendors with which 24 JPMorganChase does business, to comply with applicable law natural disasters, severe weather conditions or the effects of climate change accidents such as explosions or structural failures health emergencies, or events arising from any outbreak or escalation of civil unrest, hostilities, terrorist acts or other violence or criminal activity. There can be no assurance that JPMorganChase s Firmwide resiliency framework will mitigate all potential resiliency risks to JPMorganChase, its clients and customers, and the third parties, including service providers with which it does business, or that the resiliency framework will be able to anticipate or defend against every form of disruption or adequately address the effects of simultaneous or prolonged disruptions. In addition, JPMorganChase s ability to respond effectively to a disruption event could be hampered to the extent that the members of its workforce, physical assets, systems and other support infrastructure, or those of its third-party service providers, that are needed to address the event are geographically dispersed, or conversely, if such an event were to occur in an area in which they are concentrated. Further, should extraordinary events or the factors that cause or contribute to those events become more chronic, the disruptive effects of those events on JPMorganChase s business and operations, and on its clients, customers, counterparties and employees, could become more significant and persistent. Any significant failure or disruption of JPMorganChase s business and operations, or the occurrence of extraordinary events that are beyond its control, could: hinder JPMorganChase s ability to provide services to its clients and customers or to transact with its counterparties require it to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption or to address the event cause it to incur losses or liabilities, including from loss of revenue, property damage, or injuries disrupt market infrastructure systems on which JPMorganChase s businesses rely expose it to litigation or penalties, and cause reputational harm. The occurrence of extraordinary events could also negatively impact the financial condition or creditworthiness of JPMorganChase s clients and customers, and could lead to an increase in the allowance for credit losses and higher net charge-offs, which could reduce JPMorganChase s earnings. Any failure to maintain adequate data management processes could adversely affect JPMorganChase s ability to effectively manage its businesses, comply with applicable law or make informed business decisions. JPMorganChase relies on accurate, timely and complete data to effectively operate its systems and processes, including: assessing risk exposures and limits monitoring and detecting fraudulent transactions and cyber threats developing or maintaining models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations implementing and maintaining compliance programs, and preparing financial statements, disclosures and regulatory reports, as well as internal reporting Any deficiencies in JPMorganChase s data management processes, including with respect to the accuracy or completeness of data, the timeliness of data collection, the analysis or validation of data, or the safeguarding of data could undermine the reliability and effectiveness of JPMorganChase s operations, such as: risk management practices, including inaccurate or untimely risk reporting completion of regulatory reporting or internal or external financial reporting compliance practices, such as those relating to transaction monitoring, customer screening, recordkeeping or reporting business activities, including managing JPMorganChase s market-making positions and liquidity and capital levels providing services to clients and customers, including transaction processing, lending services, account management and customer support, and fraud detection and prevention processes. Any of these deficiencies could impair JPMorganChase s ability to make sound business decisions, cause it to incur higher operational and compliance costs, result in operational breakdowns or failure to meet regulatory requirements, negatively affect clients and customers, or cause reputational harm. In addition, if a third-party, whether authorized or unauthorized, obtains and misappropriates data from JPMorganChase s systems, JPMorganChase and its clients and customers could experience negative outcomes, including a heightened risk of fraudulent transactions using JPMorganChase s systems, losses from fraudulent transactions and reputational harm from perceived system insecurity. 25 Part I Enhanced regulatory and other standards for the oversight of JPMorganChase s vendors and other service providers could result in higher costs and other potential exposures. JPMorganChase must comply with enhanced regulatory and other standards when doing business with vendors and other service providers, including those relating to the outsourcing of functions as well as the performance of significant banking and other functions by subsidiaries. JPMorganChase s failure to appropriately assess and manage these relationships, especially those involving significant banking functions, shared services or other critical activities, could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase. Specifically, any such failure could result in: potential harm to clients and customers, and any liability associated with that harm lower revenues, and the opportunity cost from lost revenues increased operational costs the imposition of penalties, or reputational harm. JPMorganChase could incur losses arising from any significant inadequacy or lapse in its risk management framework and control environment. JPMorganChase s financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any significant inadequacy or lapse in its risk management framework, governance structure, practices, models, reporting systems or controls. Any such inadequacy or lapse could: lead to inaccurate or delayed identification of risks hinder the timely escalation of material risk issues to JPMorganChase s senior management and Board of Directors lead to business decisions that have negative outcomes harm customers or clients, and cause JPMorganChase to incur associated liabilities require significant resources and time to remediate lead to non-compliance with applicable law, or attract heightened regulatory scrutiny expose JPMorganChase to litigation, investigations by governmental authorities or penalties, or cause reputational harm. JPMorganChase could recognize unexpected losses, its capital levels could be reduced and it could face greater regulatory scrutiny if its models, estimations or judgments, including those used in its financial statements, are inadequate or incorrect. JPMorganChase uses various models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations to measure, monitor and implement controls related to its market, credit, capital, liquidity, operational and other risks, as well as to prepare its financial statements under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ). These models and estimations are based on historical trends and other assumptions that are periodically reviewed and modified. The models and estimations that JPMorganChase uses may not be effective in all cases to identify, observe and mitigate risk because of factors such as: their reliance on historical trends that may not persist, including assumptions underlying the models and estimations such as correlations among certain market indicators or asset prices inherent limitations associated with forecasting uncertain economic and financial outcomes historical trend information may be incomplete, or may not be indicative of severely negative market conditions such as extreme volatility, dislocation or lack of liquidity sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain loans and securities could make it more difficult to value certain financial instruments technology that is introduced to run models or estimations may not perform as expected, or may not be well understood by the personnel using the technology models and estimations may contain erroneous data, valuations, formulas or algorithms review processes may fail to detect flaws in models and estimations, and models may inadvertently incorporate biases present in data used in the models. JPMorganChase could incur unexpected losses if models and estimations used in connection with its risk management activities or the preparation of its financial statements are inadequate or incorrect. For example, where quoted market prices are not available for certain financial instruments that require a determination of their fair value, JPMorganChase may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on management estimates and judgment. In addition, the reliability of JPMorganChase s models and estimations could become more uncertain if assets differ from those used to develop those models and estimations, which could also result in unexpected losses. Similarly, JPMorganChase establishes an allowance for expected losses related to its credit exposures which requires significant judgments, including forecasts of how macroeconomic conditions might impair the ability of JPMorganChase s clients and customers to repay their loans or other obligations. These types of estimates and judgments may be inaccurate due to a variety of factors, including if the current and forecasted environments are significantly different 26 from the historical environments upon which the models were developed. Any heightened uncertainty associated with these estimates may necessitate a greater degree of judgment and analytics to inform any adjustments that JPMorganChase may make to model outputs. Some models and estimations used by JPMorganChase for managing risks require regulatory review and approval before JPMorganChase may use the models and estimations for calculating market risk RWA, credit risk RWA and operational risk RWA under Basel III. If JPMorganChase s models and estimations are not approved by its regulators, it could be subject to higher capital charges, which could adversely affect its financial results or limit its ability to expand its businesses. A significant inadequacy in disclosure or financial reporting controls could negatively affect JPMorganChase s business, operations and reputation. JPMorganChase is subject to complex global financial reporting obligations that require continuous enhancements to disclosures in its financial statements and regulatory reports. JPMorganChase s disclosure and financial reporting controls may not always be effective, and a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting could occur. Any such significant lapse, weakness or deficiency could result in inaccurate financial reporting which, in turn, could: materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase s business and results of operations or financial condition restrict its ability to access the capital markets require it to expend significant resources to correct the lapse, weakness or deficiency expose it to litigation and penalties, and cause reputational harm. Strategic JPMorganChase s results or competitive standing could suffer if its management fails to develop and execute effective business strategies and to anticipate changes affecting those strategies. The ability of JPMorganChase s management to develop and execute effective business strategies, and the ability to anticipate and respond to shifts in the competitive environment, are critical to JPMorganChase s competitive standing and to achieving its strategic objectives. These strategies relate to: the products and services that JPMorganChase offers the geographies in which it operates the types of clients and customers that it serves the businesses that it acquires or in which it invests the counterparties with which it does business the technologies that it adopts or in which it invests, and the methods, distribution channels and third-party service providers by or through which it offers products and services. The values and growth prospects of JPMorganChase s businesses could suffer and its earnings could decline if management makes strategic choices that prove to be incorrect, are based on incomplete, inaccurate or fraudulent information, do not accurately assess the competitive landscape and industry trends, or fail to address changing regulatory and market environments or the expectations of clients, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders. JPMorganChase s growth prospects also depend on management s ability to develop and execute effective business plans to address these strategic priorities, both over near term and longer time horizons. Management s effectiveness in this regard will affect JPMorganChase s ability to develop its resources, control expenses and return capital to shareholders. Each of these objectives could be adversely affected by any failure by management to: devise effective business plans and strategies offer products and services that meet expectations of clients and customers allocate capital in a manner that promotes long-term stability to enable JPMorganChase to build and invest in market-leading businesses appropriately assess and monitor principal investments conduct appropriate due diligence on prospective business acquisitions or investments, or effectively integrate newly-acquired businesses appropriately address concerns of clients, customers, investors, employees, regulators and other stakeholders maintain an effective risk management framework react quickly to changes in market conditions or structures appropriately balance workforce planning and training as new technologies, such as AI, are adopted and integrated, or develop the operational, technology, risk, financial and managerial capabilities necessary to grow and manage JPMorganChase s businesses. Furthermore, any expenses that JPMorganChase may incur in connection with disposing of assets, including excess properties, or exiting businesses or products could be material to its results of operations. 27 Part I Competition in the financial services industry could lead to negative effects on JPMorganChase s results of operations. JPMorganChase operates in a highly competitive environment in which it must constantly adapt to changes in financial regulation, technological advances and economic conditions. JPMorganChase expects that competition in the financial services industry will remain intense, with new competitors in the financial services industry continuing to emerge. For example, technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products. These advances have also allowed financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including: lending and other extensions of credit to consumers payments processing cryptocurrency, including stablecoins tokenized securities, and online automated algorithmic-based investment advice. Furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors face the risk of disruption to payments processing and other products and services from the use of new technologies that may not require intermediation, such as tokenized securities or other products that leverage distributed ledger technology. New technologies have required and could require JPMorganChase to increase expenditures to modify its produ